                    
 
                                                                                                                       www.arvindsmartspaces.com         
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Regd. Office: 24, Government Servant Society, 
Near Municipal Market, Off C. G. Road, 
Navrangpura, Ahmedabad, 3800 009, India 
Tel.: +91 79 68267000 
CIN: L45201GJ2008PLC055771 
 
 
31st January, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Security Code: 539301 
Security ID     : ARVSMART 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Monday, 23rd January, 2023 to discuss Q3 & Nine Months FY23 Results of the 
Company. 
  
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
Prakash Bhogilal 
Makwana
Digitally signed by Prakash Bhogilal Makwana 
DN: c=IN, st=Gujarat, 
2.5.4.20=cd9e74da82b1463791e0b1664b5ef10d12e606715b6e51c0f
39dd2d965973115, postalCode=380054, street=B-403 Pushpraj 
Towers,Judges Bunglows Road,Bodakdev,Ahmedabad 
City,Bodakdev,Ahmadabad City,Ahmedabad, 
pseudonym=ae796e9e7bbb5259deac5cf6a5806a83, title=6789, 
serialNumber=f671636d730236e6130372670caf2fed14ae5a679f1a6c
dd0d5b8f5cff020509, o=Personal, cn=Prakash Bhogilal Makwana 
Date: 2023.01.31 13:06:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
January 23, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q3 and 9 Months FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today on 
the call, Mr. Kamal Singal, Managing Director, and CEO; Mr. Ankit Jain, 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. 
Prakash Makwana, CS and Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head-Investor Relations.  
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the lister section of the 
website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, as well as on stock exchanges. Please 
do note that anything said on this call, which reflects the outlook towards the 
future, which could be constituted as a forward-looking statement must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing 
the star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Good afternoon. A very warm welcome to everyone present on this call. Thank 
you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial performance of 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited for the third quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December 2022.  
 I would like to begin by sharing my thoughts on the real estate environment 
and broad highlights of the quarter. We then look forward to taking your 
questions and suggestions.  

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 As everyone is aware the housing cycle has turned positive post-covid and we 
expect this residential demand to remain unabated. The residential real estate 
sector ended CY22 on a high note as sales in the top 8 cities surged to a nine-
year high, as per several reports. Launches exceeded sales for the first time in 
the last nine years, aided by robust demand and low inventory. Further, real 
estate prices across the markets appreciated by 4-7% YoY in CY22. This 
performance is noteworthy given the 225-basis point hike in repo rate. While 
affordability metric has subdued in the wake of rising mortgage rates and home 
prices, however it remains better than pre-Covid level, and we believe the 
situation it is still comfortable given the long-term pent-up demand.  
 The consolidation and corporatization theme has played out, as was envisaged 
by us and many other leading players. This year, launches made a comeback 
in a big way, with several developers successfully launching fresh inventory, 
enabling greater choice for customers. Many developers have experienced 
record quarterly sales. We believe listed real estate players like Arvind 
Smartspaces with stronger balance sheets, diversifying geographical presence 
and an established brand will continue to outperform the overall market.  
Coming to our quarterly performance, we have achieved significant operational 
milestones in Q3 FY23. It has been our best ever quarter in terms of both 
booking value and collections. Q3 Bookings grew by 58% YoY to Rs. 250 
crore and Q3 Collections increased by 8% YoY to Rs. 167 crore. This 
highlights a strong operations cycle of new sales, construction and delivery. 
Our robust sales machinery and brand equity is getting increasing recognition 
across Ahmedabad and Bengaluru with launches continuing to perform well in 
newer micro markets.  
 We have put in concerted efforts to strengthen our Bangalore operations and 
are happy with the way our Bangalore story is shaping up. During the quarter, 
we launched Arvind Greatlands at Devanahalli, Bangalore which received a 
phenomenal response with almost the entire launched inventory sold within 10 
hours. In the coming quarters we are looking forward to launch Sarjapur and 
Greatlands Phase 2 in Bangalore which will deepen our presence in this key 
region. We have added ~7 acres to the Doddaballapur Road, project. The size 
of the project has increased to 34 acres with a topline of ~Rs. 315 crore. This 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
project is under HDFC Platform 2. There is a potential opportunity to increase 
the size of the project significantly by 2X subject to technical due diligence. 
 We are happy to share the acquisition of our 16th project in Ahmedabad. We 
commenced a large aggregation in South Ahmedabad of which 84 acres has 
been completed till date with an estimated topline of Rs. 150 Cr. This would 
be wholly owned by Arvind SmartSpaces. This location has emerged as one of 
the promising micro-markets for plotted development in Ahmedabad being 
home to several large plotted, villa and villament developments. The micro-
market is in close proximity to the various Industrial hubs such as Changodar 
and Bavla. There is potential to increase the size of the project by 2-3X subject 
to technical due diligence.  
 Moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights. In 9M we 
reported revenues of Rs. 163 crore, up 71% on a year on-year basis. EBITDA 
for 9M grew by 6% to Rs. 29 crore. PAT for the 9M grew 47% to Rs. 16 crore. 
In Q3 we reported revenues of Rs. 53 crore, up 23% on a year on-year basis. 
EBITDA for Q3 stood at Rs. 9 Cr. PAT for the quarter stood at stood at Rs. 4 
Cr. Our Balance Sheet position remains strong. Despite increased investments 
in Business Development activities our Net Debt decreased further to Rs. (34) 
crore on account of significant increase in internal accruals. 
 To sum up, the real estate sector continues to showcase buoyancy with all 
parameters including sales, launches and prices appreciating across the top 
cities in CY22. We have built a strong and sustainable foundation of the 
company with a meaningful focus on design and execution, efficient sales 
engine, rising brand salience and healthy balance sheet. We remain committed 
to our growth initiatives and are geared up to capitalize on consolidation and 
corporatization of the industry. In the coming quarters, we look forward to 
build on our business development intensity in our core markets of Bengaluru, 
Ahmedabad, Pune and MMR to create long term value for all our stakeholders. 
 Before I conclude, I would like to bring attention the sector’s wish list for the 
upcoming Budget. We do expect a few things to be further initiated by the 
government through the budget.  Our real estate sector, as you all know, 
contributes very, very significantly to the GDP of the economy.  We would 
like to see the Budget 2023 provide more incentives to the real estate sector 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
and make it easier for developers to access capital, improve project viability 
and overall affordability. Interventions by the government to regulate the rising 
input costs, especially the core materials would be a welcome move. It will 
decrease construction costs and enable developers to build homes more 
economically.  Some of the incentives for first- and second-time homebuyers 
would also be welcome. And they are kind of long overdue because last several 
years, such extra incentives have not been provided and it's always good to see 
such initiatives coming in. 
 On that note, I conclude my opening remarks and would now like to ask the 
moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Amit Agarwal from Nuvama Wealth. 
Amit Agarwal: 
My first question is primarily on the margins. What I'm noticing is the margins 
annually also, as you've shown in the presentation, has come off in FY '22 and 
supported in FY '23 also, it's around about 18% compared to a higher margin 
that you got earlier. So, any particular reason for the decline in these margins? 
And can we take this as a regular margin going ahead? Or do you expect the 
margins to increase? 
My question number two is that, while the sales value has definitely increased, 
what I noticed was the sales volume was only about 0.7 million square feet as 
against higher sales volume compared to earlier times. So just wondering any 
particular reason for volume to kind of come off a little bit, maybe quarter-on-
quarter basis? 
Ankit Jain: 
Hi Amit, thank you for the question. With respect to margin, accounting 
margins are based on revenue recognition, as you all know and not based on 
the bookings which we are doing the way we see our fresh bookings for a sale. 
So, the revenue recognition for the current quarter and for the current year-to-
date numbers are broadly concentrated towards two projects where one is a 
low-margin project, which is Aavishkaar and second is Oasis where we had a 
specific interest cost capitalization, which was coming in. And that is how you 
see in a 9-month number, overall, while EBITDA margin -- EBITDA growth 
in absolute is only 6%. However, the PAT growth is reasonably in line with 
the top line. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
 
Another reason for lower margin is the base has been set up for a next level, 
which is, say, Bookings of INR 600 crore to INR 800 crore, INR 2,000 crore 
of the company. While the revenue recognition is happening for the four-year 
old projects, which is coming in right now. So the base -- the expenditure, as 
per accounting, we are not able to capitalize on the sales and promotion 
expenditure, which goes for revenue of around close to INR 600 crore to INR 
800 crore, INR 2,000 crore of fresh bookings because you look at fresh booking 
is INR 250 crore, while the top line in financials is only INR 50 crore.  
So hence, the expenditure which is happening for a fresh booking that needs to 
be expensed as per accounting principles and hence, the margins become 
lower. 
Kamal Singal: 
So essentially two reasons. I mean, how I read this is that one is a natural 
variation of profitability from project to project and because accounting 
standard -- the sales booking the way it comes and enters into the books of 
account is a little inconsistent. On an average basis, the good news is that our 
margins are protected, and we are fairly on track on that from quarter-to-
quarter, season to season, it might vary, but I think we'll end up doing very, 
similar averages as we have been doing in the past. That's one. 
The other, obviously, the reason, as Ankit just explained is that in a growing 
company and in a hypergrowth kind of a phase where you are selling much 
more than what you are recording in the books of account, so long as this 
situation persists, then you are selling expenditures are basically 
disproportionate to the numbers of the top line that you're showing. You are 
spending on INR 600 crore to INR 800 crore level of sales, and you are booking 
only maybe less than half of that in the books of account and hence, margins 
look a little low.  
But once this cycle is stabilized and we have a little more reasonable base to 
compare numbers with, I'm sure this will get tapered out. Of course, there will 
be always some lag in these two numbers. But I think we are into a situation 
where the lag is little too much in terms of percentages it is little too skewed, 
and this should get adjusted over a period of time. So, these two are the major 
reasons. We are not overly worried about the margins per se. In the medium to 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
long term, I think we are fairly okay on the margins as we've been reporting in 
the past. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, can I -- on this point itself, can I assume that going forward when this 
situation normalizes, our margin should be around about 20% to 25% on a 
normalized basis. Can I assume that? Can we take that? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, very comfortably between 20% to 25%. In fact, we keep analysing these 
numbers for the fresh sales that we do. And if you were to draw that MIS for 
ourselves, I think we'll be very comfortable beyond 22%, 23% and more like 
25%. And this 18% obviously, is a fluctuation that you see from quarter-to-
quarter. But the range that you said is fairly comfortable as far as overall 
averages are concerned. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And the reason for the sales volume down to 0.7 million square feet? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, quarter-on-quarter, the growth is there, 14%. We had 0.64, in Q3FY22, in 
this quarter, we are at 0.73. And if you were to look at it from year-to-date 
point of view, it has gone from 2.08 million to 2.44, which is a 17% growth. 
So generally speaking, volumes have gone up by 14% and 17%, respectively, 
for the quarter and for year-to-date numbers. 
Amit Agarwal: 
One last question. Average realization has moved up. Is it because the change 
in mix, you're booking more from Bangalore rather than Ahmedabad, where 
pricing might be a bit lower? Is that correct? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I will just put a note of question here on the average realizations. The 
portfolio that we have currently is so very diverse, strong weakened homes, 
which are in the outskirts and comparatively very cheap. It doesn't mean that 
they are not profitable maybe in terms of percentage they might even be more 
profitable than the more expensive ones. 
But the diversity is so much that depending on what we sell during the quarter, 
the averages might change, especially because we've got a comparatively 
larger portfolio of horizontal projects and horizontal projects, we sell things 
between INR 6,000 to INR 30,000, for example, in Bangalore. So, this 
variability is natural. It doesn't indicate any specific trend of price realization. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
And we'll have to analyse project-wise, and that kind of analysis needs to be 
done to understand the price movement.  
But generally, on an average basis, it will not be very prudent to draw any 
conclusion. But for the sake of clarity, we have increased prices in most of the 
projects in the last couple of quarters and general increase has been in the 
region of double digits and thereabouts. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers in terms of presales and 
collections. My first question pertains to the overall environment because off-
late, there are multiple reports which are budging on down that interest cost 
has gone up from 6.5% to 9% for the housing loans and this could put pressure 
on the overall sales environment of the industry and multiple media reports are 
suggesting that some of the larger players are showing signs of slowdown in 
terms of their sales and collections. 
So, I know that Arvind is still an emerging company and has got a lot of 
opportunities to tap and the market size is very minuscule in the micro markets, 
where we are operating. So, can you just share your analysis or your thought 
process on this movement of interest rates and the demand that we are 
witnessing going ahead? 
I don't want to hear Greatlands because that's a success story, which we are 
aware. But broadly, in other projects, how are we seeing the demand 
environment panning out for us? That will be my first question, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure, Bajrang. We are very optimistic. We've seen some amazing numbers and 
performances not only by us, but also by several of our industry peers. And 
what we've also seen is that the depth and the breadth of this rally or this 
momentum has been absolutely great, unparalleled. In fact, in my experience, 
last one, more than a decade, we haven't seen a cycle like this with such great 
depth.  
One great thing about this cycle has been that it is primarily driven by end 
consumption. Investors are broadly out of the market. Investors has in, the 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
large investors who could potentially buy a 50-apartment block or 100 
apartment block. Those are not the kind of guys who are buying all through 
this period. 
 
What we see is the first home buyers, the second home buyers, which are 
dominating this entire momentum. And when that happens, it is comparatively 
more sustainable, and that's what we see and that's how we see this.  
Now obviously, every great run will have some sort of a tapering which will 
come, and which will go. And we are also seeing maybe small signs of things 
not happening with that kind of a bullishness that we were seeing in the last 
few quarters. But in our understanding, it is a great momentum still. It is still 
very sustainable. 
Whatever we have been launching, we've had some 3 or 4 launches in the last 
few quarters. And in fact, two very recently, and both of them have just flown 
off the shelf. End of the day, markets and the cycles are one part of it. The 
second part will always remain that there is a baseline demand, which is there 
for the industry. And then what matters is your product, what matters is your 
location, what matters is you're offering, what matters is your pricing, what 
matters is your brand, execution track record, so on 
 
Within this, what we have been talking about for the last few quarters is that 
there is a clear shift in favour of organized players in the industry, and that 
consolidation is playing out. We had this kind of a conversation in one of the 
previous calls where we said that even if the market was to slow down, the 
shift in itself, if the 100 becomes only 105 as a total pie, which otherwise was 
hoped to be 120, for example, which is a great reduction in the momentum.  
But still within the 105 pie a good percentage or quantum of volumes is shifting 
from unorganized players to organized players, the corporate players. That 
trend is very clearly visible. That trend has played out, as I said in the opening 
remarks. 
 
And we are very confident that even that bit of the churn or the re-shifting of 
or the realignment of supplies is good enough for players like us who are very 
small, so to say, in the micro markets and the broader markets that we are 
operating in and with a very strong brand and execution track record, etc.  

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
So, we are not overly worried. We are not too aggressive about anything. We 
are taking every step one at a time. Every micro market is being treated very 
specifically in the way it should be treated. And hence, even if the cycles were 
to or to be a little on the lower side, we are not overly worried.  
But of course, you should do all these things right, your pricing, your costing, 
your execution, etce. So, I mean, so far, so good. Things are looking pretty 
sustainable. And we are confident that the kind of capabilities we are investing 
in, we are building the last few quarters, I think we're in the right direction. 
And it's time for us to build the pipeline rather, worry today shouldn't be how 
fast and how good we can sell. 
I think the worry for this company is how fast we can create the pipeline. And 
our energies are focused on building that pipeline first and then taking a bit of 
the challenge of sales. By the way, sales not been a great challenge in any case. 
But we are, in any case, investing upfront in our sales engine to various ways. 
So not overly worried really. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
And sir, if we try to see the numbers, INR 250 crore presales, if you remove 
Greatlands then the base number is just closer to INR 60 crore only. So how 
are we seeing moving into Q4 and the next financial year the kind of pipeline 
that we created, including Sarjapur and Doddaballapur and Greatlands 2, which 
is going to come and eventually the Ahmedabad.  
So can we expect this year to end, let's say, closer to INR 800 crore plus going 
by the run rate of last three quarters and maybe somewhat 25%, 30% kind of 
growth in next financial year, maybe closer to INR 1,000 crore, plus presales. 
So just if you could highlight with some broader pipeline numbers will be 
really helpful, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
That's a very good point that you raised, Bajrang. As you very well said that 
there is an orientation in the numbers and one project has taken lion-share. But 
with the project portfolio getting diversified gradually for this company with a 
small base to start with a couple of years back, I think we are getting fairly 
diversified in terms of contributions coming from various geographies, various 
projects, various product categories.  

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
And that is truly getting played out now. We've got luxury, we've got mid-
price, we've got horizontal, we've got large villas, we've got small villas, we've 
got large plots, we've got golf, we've got non-golf -- within this, there are 
dynamics which are getting played out. And the good news is that it's all getting 
balanced out. 
For example, last year as a whole, we sold around INR 600 crore of fresh sales 
and this year, by the end of this 9 months, we have done more than INR 550 
crore 558 crore to be more precise, in my understanding. So all-in-all, it is a 
good momentum.  
Sustainable sale has to play its own role. But at the same time, it is important 
for us to keep launching one or two projects every quarter for the period as a 
whole, going forward. And this number has to go up substantially. So, in a 
growing cycle, contribution of new launches has to keep going up. That's what 
we are seeing now. This year has panned out like that. And if you were able to 
launch a couple of more projects in the next one or two quarters, the same trend 
is expected to be sort of witnessed even further.  
So all-in-all, within these variabilities, sustainable and this will make sense 
together and we should be able to record a healthy growth. We have been 
telling that our idea and our track record is to grow by 25% to 30% year-on-
year, and that's what we have been achieving. 
 
The 9 months are showing the same trend, if you really see and we are hoping 
that a very similar trend should be there for all of us to see when we end the 
year in general sense. And that's what the trajectory is, and that's what we are 
trying to achieve. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Good to know that. Sir, any other big pipeline that you could sound apart from 
that, what has been disclosed in where you are targeting maybe in Bangaluru 
or Ahmedabad apart from the Sarjapur and the new, these 84 acres that you 
acquired in South Ahmedabad. So, any big pipeline to move into a broader 
trajectory going ahead? 
Kamal Singal: 
As I said, the energies are focused towards acquiring new projects, extending 
the pipeline. I think it will be better for us to announce and declare the complete 
details once they are absolutely firmed up. We definitely are at advanced stages 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
of a few things, both in Ahmedabad and Bangalore, and these are reasonably 
sized and scaled things. And we'll definitely come back to you at the earliest 
possible time.  
We've added at least one project in Ahmedabad in the last quarter, some 84-
odd acres of plotting development. It's a small one. But good thing about this 
project is that it can be scaled up very drastically. It can be 2x to 3x where it is 
today, and that's what we are doing right now. So, we're not in a hurry to launch 
this. We'll take a little more time to consolidate the overall area per se and then 
launch the project.  
But similar projects and even built-up projects in Bangalore, we are all looking 
at all these possibilities. And very soon, we should be able to come back to you 
and tell more concrete information on what we are building. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique stock 
Broking Limited. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Good afternoon, sir. And congratulations on a good set of numbers, truly 
commendable. And my first question is on your platform with HDFC, that 
platform of INR 900 crore until the third quarter, how much has been 
deployed? And by when the entire INR 900 crore you expect to deploy? 
Kamal Singal: 
There were two platforms. One was already deployed, and that investment is 
now up and running. Greatlands is the project, in the first one. So that's over. 
Our Platform 2, as you said, INR 900 crore. Out of this INR 900 crore, we've 
already committed INR 300 crore. From this INR 300 crore, maybe actual 
outflow because we always get payment terms, linked to the project that we 
acquire, INR 150 crore, a little more than that has already been paid in terms 
of cash flows. And that basically means a little less than or INR 800 crore of 
top line is already kind of locked in. So, this is where we are.  
This quarter should be a good quarter in terms of further deployment of the 
platform money. We have the same fine microscopic view of every project that 
we take, both in terms of its viability, it's affordability and its margin profile. 
And hopefully, we should be able to ramp up the deployment in the coming 
months. But as we speak, INR 300 crore committed already, which gives a 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
little less than INR 800 crore of top line and INR 150 crore outflow has already 
happened. 
Basically, Greatlands was basically Platform 1, Fruits of Life and 
Doddaballapur are the 2 additional projects which have so far seen action on 
Platform 2. So, we can actually visit ourselves to these 2 for the time being, 
which adds up to INR 300 crore. And a little less than INR 800 crore of top 
line. So, 2 projects are already done under platform 2. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And South Ahmedabad is also on platform 2? 
Kamal Singal: 
South Ahmedabad right now is Arvind's own project. We will have to take a 
final view on whether or not it should be falling on the platform, that's always 
a possibility. But depending upon various other dynamics, we can decide on 
that. And we have flexibility on that to a certain extent. 
 
But yes, project is already frozen, and we have started doing things on that and 
progress on that. But we'll see whether we should be putting that into the 
platform or not. But 2 of them, Fruits of Life and Doddaballapur are already 
put on the platform and disbursements have happened. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My second question is on your projects, upcoming projects, Sarjapur and 
Doddaballapur and North Bangalore, etc. Just trying to understand at what 
stages are these projects? And by when we expect these projects to be launched 
some ballpark timeline, if you could give us, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Sarjapur, obviously, all efforts are there to launch within this quarter before 
we end the financial year and that gives a lift to a lot of other things as well. 
Although it's a little tight, but right now, we are all putting more efforts to 
launch it within this quarter. Let's see, hopefully, it happens. If it doesn't 
happen, maybe we are a couple of weeks here and there. That's about it. We're 
at the very last stages of approvals. Our plans are all there, and we are waiting 
for the second stage of approval of the project. 
 
And obviously, then we'll be left with the RERA approval. And if that happens 
and that starts as a process in the first week of February, by end of February, 
we get our RERA approval and then we launch, that's how the bar chart shows 
us at this point in time. But obviously, it can go a little here and there. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
The rest of the projects, one is North Bangalore, Greatlands, Doddaballapura. 
This is happening in phases. We are about to launch Phase 2 of Greatlands at 
this point in time. It is just about to get approval for Phase 2, maybe within 1 
day or 2. And then it goes into RERA, and then we launch this. So, with this, 
the Phase 1 and Phase 2 of Greatlands are over, and then we take up the next 
project.  
Because it's very similar vicinity, unless we launch Phase 2 of Greatlands, there 
is no point in launching this one. But anyway, this phase is also under various 
stages of approvals, and I think it should take around 2 to 3 months from now 
to get the approvals done. So best case scenario is that in first quarter, this 
project should be launched. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, we have Sarjapur in the fourth quarter, we expect and Greatlands Phase 2 
in the first quarter of FY '23, these are the upcoming launches? 
Kamal Singal: 
Greatlands will happen in fourth quarter for sure. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And Doddaballapur and North Bangalore in first quarter. Is that correct, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
Broadly yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My third question, I have been noticing that most of these projects are either 
plotted development or kind of villa kind of projects, horizontal projects 
predominantly. And sir, is there any – I mean is it what is happening in the 
market that demand for these kinds of projects are more than the vertical or 
you are just focusing on the horizontal kind of plotted development or villa 
kind of projects, and maybe latter we will touch the mass housing? 
So, I'm just trying to understand this product, you're choosing this kind of 
product. What is the reason behind it? Is it a conscious decision or you just 
happen to get this kind of projects that has better potential in plotted or villas? 
So just trying to understand what is your strategy on this -- regarding product? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, I understand your question. So, the answer is that we don't have any 
specific preference to either of the 2. I mean we have been doing quite a few 
vertical projects, which are anything between 12 floors to 22 floors and that 
remains one of the most important product segments for us. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
 
Although post COVID, it has so happened that there has been a very strong 
preference, consumer preference towards horizontal, and people started 
investing in such projects much more significantly and heavily as compared to 
what was happening before that. We had spotted this trend a little early and 
that's why a very significant portion of our overall investments went into 
horizontal projects in the last 4 to 6 quarters. And that has led us very decent 
kind of dividends.  
So, it was an opportunity, and we realized it. We quickly cashed on it. We 
sourced land pretty quickly, got it ready for conversion and sales, etc and that's 
how things panned out. But it doesn't mean that vertical is less important to us. 
I think eventually, when the dust settles and everything else settles, we will 
have equal proportion of horizontal and verticals coming.  
Right now, we are looking very aggressively at verticals once again. We have 
been doing that all through in any case, but it so happened that horizontals are 
making much more sense in terms of margins and in other parameters and 
hence, we got a little more oriented towards that. But all in all, in the long term, 
in the medium term, we should be doing both in almost equal proportion when 
it comes to the product mix part of it. 
 
And by the way, within horizontal and vertical, we have various subsegments. 
We are also kind of balancing the portfolio on those sectors. For example, 
within horizontal, we've got small plotting, big plotting, farmhouses, golf-
centric plotting. In villas, you've got small villas, which is costing around INR 
1 crore. We've got villas, which are much more expensive than that. 
 
In fact, Sarjapura will be something in between where a villa should cost a little 
less than INR 2 crore to INR 2.5 crore and thereabouts. So basically, an 
alternative to vertical house of 3 to 4 BHK house is something like INR 1.5 
crore, INR 1.75 crore in Bangalore today. And that's what we will offer in the 
form of a villa where you own your sky, you own your arch, etc, and offer a 
very important, very good value for the consumer. 
 
So, within these two broad categories also, we are diversifying. They're already 
very diversified. But all in all, we'll have a very healthy mix of both these 
vertical and horizontal products.  

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One-Up Financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
I just had one question, what is the expected initial investment in the pipeline 
over the next 1 year on the 5 projects that we have mentioned in the slide? 
Kamal Singal: 
You are talking about the overall investment or only in these 5? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
No. Only in these 5, the initial investment which you have mentioned on the 
pipeline. 
Ankit Jain: 
Overall, we do not give project-specific outlay per se. But however, if we were 
to add total commitment, as Kamal Bhai mentioned, which is nothing but 
Greatlands and the Fruits of Life, Doddaballapur, South Ahmedabad project. 
So, all-in-all, put together, including the potential which we aspire to, it comes 
to around INR 500 crore of investment. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And what would be the ideal timeframe for us to launch these projects? 
Because I believe that if we add up the – what we are expecting at 
Doddaballapur and South Ahmedabad, which you have mentioned 2x, 3x 
potential from already that we have acquired, what would be the ideal 
timeframe for these to get launched for FY '24 and be a reasonable estimate for 
us to launch all these projects? 
Ankit Jain: 
Doddaballapur, for example, is just like Greatlands where we have again some 
27 acres. We have moved up to 34 acres. It's a reasonable size to get launched 
and probably might get launched in 3 to 6 months of time. 
Kamal Singal: 
I think broadly speaking, all these 4 to 5 projects should be getting launched 
with a reasonable inventory, opening inventory getting opened up for sales 
within next 3 to 6 months' time. So, whatever we are reading right now across 
all these 4, 5 projects, everything should be hitting the market in the next 3 to 
6 months' time. Couple of them could come earlier also. But broadly speaking, 
this is the time and on average basis, 4 to 5 months. But from the range point 
of view, 3 to 6 months, everything should be hitting the market. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision 
Capital. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Just wanted to understand on a blended basis, what would be our payment 
structure -- payment milestone which we would be receiving? 
Kamal Singal: 
On the customers, you are saying? Or the sales that we do? 
Akshay Kothari: 
Yes. 
Kamal Singal: 
This is very clearly dependent upon the kind of project and the product we sell. 
Our typical plotting project will have a payment term of around 15 months. 
Our typical villa project will have something like 30 months, 25 to 30 months. 
And a typical apartment project, a high-rise apartment, which might range from 
14 floors to 22 floors will have a payment plan of 36 months. Did I answer 
your question?  
Akshay Kothari: 
Yes, that answers my question. So generally, depends on the development, 
right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, correct. 
Akshay Kothari: 
So, I actually came across some of the unorganized players. What we are 
actually doing is offering, SIPs in Ahmedabad region-only, they are offering 
some INR 7,000, INR 8,000 SIP. And they are transferring ownership of over 
a period of five years in the plotted segment. So, in the plotted segment, you 
mentioned our is only 15 months? 
Kamal Singal: 
On the higher side, yes. But I'm sure, I mean, SIP in a plotting scheme plan is 
a product where you don't need to have very long payment terms. And 
generally, we haven't faced any problem realizing our money within this 15-
month period, and that's what we've been doing more. 
Ankit Jain: 
In fact, the bankers are able to take care of the payment side schedule, which 
we have offered to the customer, and we are honouring those commitments. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, even banks are now funding very comfortably. There was a time a few 
years back that the banks wanted a much more stringent norms on releasing 
payments if it was to be bank-funded property, essentially the plot. But now 
almost all the banks are fairly flexible. They accepted very well, and this 
product has a category. And they are very comfortable disbursing the entire 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
money between 12 and 13 and 14 months. And that's why we say 15 is on the 
outer side, and we're very comfortable on this. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Kirti Jain from Canara HSBC. 
Kirti Jain: 
My question, sir, is with regard to the land addition capex for next one year. 
What is the target which you have kept in the mind in terms of the land addition 
capex? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, as we just discussed, we have INR 900 crore of platform, out of which 
around INR 300 crore is committed. In fact, the actual cash outflow is only 
INR 150 crore. But assuming that INR 300 crore will go in the projects that 
we've already committed, we are left with INR 600 crore of additional cash 
flow from the platform itself.  
On top of that, we should also have around INR 200 crore to INR 300 crore of 
debt and internal approvals. So, all in all, INR 600 crore plus INR 200 crore 
and add a couple of hundred crore from internal accruals, etc, I think we are 
looking at something like INR 800 crore to INR 1,000 crore of capex, over and 
above what is already committed. 
Kirti Jain: 
Sir, have we identified projects sir. Are we closer to sign up? 
Kamal Singal: 
It's the process, and it needs a long pipeline. We're aggressively working on 
that. The whole focus of the company is to build that pipeline. We should be 
able to invest this kind of money in the coming months for sure. 
Kirti Jain: 
Because what we have seen, sir, the additions of the new projects are broadly 
in line with the sales, we haven't seen any nonlinear project additions. So that's 
why my question came, sir. Are we already facing any challenges in new land 
acquisition or any legal headaches or what are the challenges you are facing, 
sir? 
Kamal Singal:  
So, you are right that the gap between the fresh sales and new additions has to 
go up. And that's what is required, and that's what we are busy doing these 
days. You will see some action happening in next couple of months, three 
months' time. And we are very confident that we will have a very visible gap 
getting created between the two very soon.  

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
There are no specific challenges to mention, but I think we come from a 
position that we have a little finer microscope through which every project has 
to go through. We don't want to add projects just to add top line. We have to 
have a very rational mix of projects, which makes sense in terms of not only 
top line, but also bottom line. 
It can be a healthy mix of JD, JVs and outright. We are doing all the three. But 
having said that, last three to four months and six months of hard work is now 
are becoming quite evident in terms of some of the results and visibility that 
we have internally for the pipeline that we are trying to build, and we should 
be able to start showing the reasons and component of this pipeline very soon, 
and you'll see this delta coming in. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G Hawa and 
Company. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So, sir, would I be making the right statement that the villas construction and 
development, we would be having the highest ROCE and ROE? And are we 
definitely focused on improving our ROE in the year '23, '24 because ROE and 
ROCE has always been the bugbear of most real estate companies, and there 
are very few which are able to even post ROCE or ROE, which is in the late 
teens. So, if there is focus on this area and our equity with HDFC, has this been 
like a focus area or an area of discussion with them before they include equity 
in our company? 
Ankit Jain: 
Villas per se, villas development are very profitable as compared to a typical 
high rise. So naturally, the return portion is high, and they can get a 
disproportionate return as compared to a vertical high rise. Secondly, the 
capital employed portion. So, with the platform coming into our portfolio, the 
return on equity has already been optimized to a great extent because finally, 
the deployment of capital from our side is very minimal from an equity stake 
point of view. 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I think with the kind of product mix and the structuring that we are doing 
over and over again, and the kind of focus we have on low equity, so to say, I 
think on ROE, we should be fairly comfortable and well rather be leading most 
of the peers on that. That's what we are aiming, and I think we are healthier out 
there on this parameter. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
Having said that, we also are aware of the fact that while increasing ROE 
through joint development basis where your capital deployment is thinner 
comparatively. We don't want to get into a situation where we do a lot of 
volume and in the process, add a lot of contingent liabilities to execute and take 
up those kinds of volumes in terms of construction, etcetera, and not adding 
corresponding proportionate and rational and logical bottom line for yourself.  
So, we definitely would like to balance the two in a way that not only ROE 
gets optimized, which is the top priority for us, and which is a top preference 
for us, and that's what we have been doing. But at the same time, we are also 
mindful of the fact that we are not taking undue risk, which are hidden risk in 
a situation where ROE has become too high. But then the contingent liabilities, 
as reset of execution are disproportionately high. So, on a balance side, we will 
do both. And of course, we should be being pretty good on ROE front, and we 
have been doing that by the way in the past as well. 
Faisal Hawa 
So would you be able to give a number to the ROE for the year '23, '24? And 
as far as Ahmedabad is concerned, do you see any kind of an early signal like 
this being like Bangalore, which was like 1.5 decades back with the Gift City 
coming back, coming into the play and there's been talk of even the 
Ahmedabad hosting the Olympics. This could be like a big change, a game 
changer for our company. And that's one. And sir, can you give a number to 
what our present value of land bank would be? 
Kamal Singal: 
So first, I mean, just to take three different questions that you raised. One about 
Ahmedabad market. Of course, Ahmedabad has seen a great action and there 
are triggers like Gift City. Gift City has been there for several years and rather 
for a very long time. But I think it's at that inflection point now where things 
are happening on ground and a lot of developers have now started showing 
interest and there is some genuine absorption of our space, which has 
happened. And obviously, this is boosting the overall market. 
And there are new industries with tech, which is coming in that area and setting 
up shops there. So, this is great in terms of the real estate as a sector. There is 
definitely a little speculative, but nevertheless, it's not unfounded. There is a 
new boost, which is always talked about in Ahmedabad, which is potential 
hosting of Olympic. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
This is becoming one of those talking points in the real estate sector, which is 
boosting the market a lot. And I hope that this momentum continues, and things 
happen on that front. Right now, of course, there is an element of speculation 
out there.  
But generally speaking, Ahmedabad, has a market is very robust. Demand has 
been fairly consistent. The market is showing depth and consumers have shown 
that they are willing to invest. They're willing to spend money on real estate as 
compared to any other asset class, and that preference is pretty strong. So, we 
see Ahmedabad shaping up pretty well.  
We can't say that it will be as great as big as Bangalore. Of course, Bangalore 
had several very, very powerful engines, including IT. Maybe Ahmedabad 
doesn't have it of those proportions. But directionally speaking, yes, 
Ahmedabad seems to be getting into a trajectory, which is very different from 
what it used to be in the last 5 to 10 years. 
Ankit Jain: 
A typical ROE is computed basis the P&L return. But in real estate, 
unfortunately, the P&L may not reflect the situation on the ground. And hence, 
we internally track more on an MIS basis or more on a presales basis rather 
than simply tracking only on our financial numbers. So we are already in 
double digit. And definitely, we are going to improve it as we move along 
because the focus on the new BD is more on profitability. Just beside it is not 
just, as Kamal Bhai mentioned, just adding a top line and volume numbers, 
which is not the target. The target is to improve the profitability. 
Kamal Singal: 
By the way, one very important point and it could be relevant to everybody 
present here, an INR 1,000 crore investment can give you a top line of INR 
10,000 crore, INR 5,000 crore or INR 3,000 crore. But what is equally 
important is what is the bottom line that each of these numbers can give us. 
INR 3,000 crore can give almost the same or better bottom line than an INR 
5,000 crore or even INR 8,000 crore to INR 10,000 crore. 
So, what we always do, for example, horizontal. And if the mix of horizontal 
improves or increases comparatively because of the market dynamics, 
preferences in the medium term, it basically means that you might actually end 
up earning more EBITDA, and the margin, on INR 3,000 crore that you would 
have otherwise INR 5,000 crore. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
 
In fact, you could see in our numbers already that we've invested almost like 
INR 300 crore, which is giving a top line of just about INR 900 crore, INR 800 
crore. But I think we are very confident that this INR 800 crore, INR 900 crore 
of top line will give us much more in terms of bottom-line EBITDA, PAT, as 
compared to what we would have done in a vertical strategy, if you were to 
invest this INR 300 crore coincidentally into our vertical product mix, although 
it doesn't mean that we are undermining vertical, again, to keep saying the same 
thing over and over again. 
 
But if we have a very sharp focus on ROE and margins, product which plays a 
lot of roles, and that's where your agility, your flexibility, your adoption, your 
spotting of early trends, etc, are very relevant. And we intend to keep doing 
that repeatedly and hence improve our returns. 
Ankit Jain: 
To answer your last question on land bank, we do not bank on any lands. As 
you can see in the presentation, everything which has been acquired or which 
is in the definitive stage has already been disclosed and part of yet to be 
launched items. 
Kamal Singal: 
The idea is to acquire land, not for creating a land bank. Its idea is to hit the 
market the fastest possible manner, the quickest in the earliest possible manner. 
That is why whatever we have purchased, pretty much everything is either on 
the verge of getting launched or it is already launched and hit the market and 
sold or sold well already. 
For us, it's about converting land into finished goods at the earliest possible 
time profitably and that's how you were to scale up. There are no land banks 
per se in the company. Everything is pretty much on track, either launched or 
on the verge of getting launched. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rahil Shah, an individual investor. 
Rahil Shah: 
Just wanted to ask about your view on the cash flows and the launches like in 
general, over the next one to three years, are we expecting to have a lot on our 
books, adding new project launches? Or are we going to continue working on 
the current ones mentioned in the presentation? And what was the -- second 
part is what was the land area in this quarter? Just if I missed earlier. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
Kamal Singal: 
When it comes to launches, of course, we'll keep launching newer and newer 
projects. I mean just a month back, we just calculated that in the new projects, 
we would be investing anything between INR 800 crore to INR 1,000 crore in 
the next 12-odd months. And if the average investment size is something like 
INR 100 crore at a location that will mean that we should be launching 8 to 10 
projects in a year in the next four quarters. So that's where we are on the new 
launches. 
Of course, that can be further boosted by getting into joint developments where 
the capital requirements are competitively smaller. So that answers the first 
part of the question.  
Ankit Jain: 
Second is the quarterly volume numbers, I think that is there in the presentation 
slide, you can go through slide number 12, which explains that there is close 
to 7,30,000 square feet, which has been sold during the quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Stock Broking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, I have two small questions. One is you have -- you are doing very well in 
Ahmedabad and have spread their footprints in Bangalore too, I think, there's 
13 or 14 projects altogether in Bangalore so far. And just trying to understand 
this in 9-month FY '23, what would be the share of Bangalore and Ahmedabad. 
And going forward, how do you see these two markets contributing the sales 
booking? 
Kamal Singal: 
I think in the medium term, we would rather be looking at something like 40%, 
40% each from Ahmedabad and Bangalore, and 20% in the initial periods from 
MMR and Pune market. Of course, these are new markets, and we are trying 
to get a foothold there. But there is a team in place and there are energies being 
devoted out there for Pune and MMR, and we should be able to start few things 
there in the coming months. But generally speaking, medium to long term, it 
is supposed to be 40%, 40%, 20% broadly speaking. And as we speak now for 
the 9-month period, it is 58% share is from Bangalore and remaining broadly 
is from Ahmedabad, barring some very small numbers coming from Pune. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, Bangalore is contributing significantly now? 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Currently, yes. But generally, you could say that we are basically operating at 
50-50 right now. In the long term, this ratio will be more like 40%, 40% and 
20%, 40% each from Bangalore and Ahmedabad, and 20-odd percent from 
MMR in the medium term. MMR possibly once we get a foothold, and we are 
comfortable out there, maybe it can increase further, but in the medium term, 
that's how it should be. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, which part of MMR you are looking at? Because my understanding if it is 
20% and that to Pune and MMR. So, the MMR footprint will be small. That 
means it will be some -- in terms of stopping potential, it only some INR 2,000. 
It would be more of an INR 200 crore. So which part of MMR are you targeting 
or would be looking at? 
Kamal Singal: 
So obviously, Pune apart we will be, in MMR in the suburbs. It will be more 
like a Thane market like that, more like a Kandivali, Dahisar those kind of 
macro markets. So, if you were to just sum it up in the sense of pricing, maybe 
we'll be more comfortable operating in markets, which are more like INR 
15,000 to INR 20,000. And we are not really very focused on something like 
an INR 50,000 to INR 1 lakh market. So, we're very clear that we want to do 
in Mumbai, MMR, what we do in Bangalore, although the scales are different 
in terms of price absorption. 
So, what sells in Bangalore for INR 1.5 crore, maybe it is INR 2.5 crore in 
Mumbai. And that's why the pricing from -- on a carpet area basis, what is INR 
10,000 to INR 11,000 in Bangalore could be INR 15,000 to INR 20,000 in 
Mumbai. So that's how we would rather prioritize and focus on above INR 
15,000 to INR 20,000 on a carpet area basis is the segment that we're targeting. 
And I just mentioned to you the kind of macro markets that we are focusing 
on. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And when it comes to sort of Bangalore business development -- so we have 
been seeing upsell, like everybody is selling, which is good for the real estate 
sector. And it looks like logically, the expectation of the land on our -- or your 
JDs partner should go up, which means the valuation of land should go up. So, 
are we seeing -- because everybody is selling, everybody would have cash flow 
-- net cash flow or free cash flow bad back and they want to deploy it to grow 
further? So, in terms of business development, do you see any kind of valuation 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
rising? Sir, in this current up-cycle, do you see valuation expectation, 
valuation, or the expectation from that landowner going up significantly 
compared to, say, two, three years ago? And yes, so that is the question. So 
how easy or difficult... 
Kamal Singal: 
Of course, I mean, in a good cycle, in a cycle where everybody knows that the 
markets are doing great and there are players who are wanting to expand. 
Actually, landlords also are aware of the situation, and they will expect more. 
And hence, it should mean land getting a little more expensive. 
But that has always been the case. I mean one might say that this is happening 
more right now, but the situation is always like that. I mean, for example, in a 
market like Ahmedabad, landlords are pretty rich. They are not desperate. They 
are not in a hurry to sell, and they are money people in general sense. And 
hence, they've got tremendous amount of holding power. And that's why, I 
mean, trading apart, they would always like to optimize their returns and sell 
when they feel it's good to sell for them. So that's always been the case. 
This is where a branded player or a corporate player can do better in a land 
deal, which are very high value dependability of the buyer, the credibility of 
the buyer and the capability of the buyer in terms of actually closing the deal 
within the time frame with the kind of cash flows and strength of balance sheet 
are equally important to the buyers. Buyers on one hand, want more price, but 
they are also smarter now in terms of understanding who can close the deal and 
who might not be able to close the deal, who could come up and honour the 
promises and who could not. And hence, there is a tilt and a twist in favour of 
corporate organized players there, and that's an opportunity actually we see. 
Similar is the case with deals on JD basis. People know that a player who has 
a track record has a much more kind of possibility of performing as per 
expectations of both the partners and hence, better deals are actually going to 
branded players and corporate players. To that extent, despite competition in 
general sales heating up and prices in general sense heating up. But when it 
comes to competitive advantages and disadvantages, I think corporate players 
still stand a great chance of getting some very variable projects and options out 
there. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So basically, in terms of supply, in terms of doing a deal and in terms of supply 
as well as demand in terms of selling the product and in terms of acquiring the 
projects, the consolidation happening in both spaces, both in... 
Kamal Singal: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
No, that's understood, sir. And my final question is on what percentage of your 
products are  predominantly into horizontal products. So, what percentage of 
your sales booking overall, say, last 1 year or 9 months or so, what would have 
availed home loans? 
Ankit Jain: 
Home loans as a percentage of overall sales, pretty high. It will depend on, 
again, project price. So, all the high rises will have at least 70%, 80% will be 
home loans. 
Kamal Singal: 
I mean this is a data which is not readily available with us right now. But as 
Ankit said, in a vertical project, it says 70% to 80% in most of the projects. 
And in our horizontal basis, maybe the ratios will be more like a 30%, 1/3 of 
the total things that we are selling. But we can come back to you with a bit 
more precise data. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
No, that's fine. I'm just trying to ascertain the kind of buyers, what kind of 
buyers are this -- those predominantly who buy this plotted development and 
villas. So, my guess is right, the home loan share would be percentage of people 
who avail home loan in those kinds of products will be less that is 30-40%. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, comparatively, you are right. 
Moderator: 
We have our last question from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision 
Capital Services. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, pardon me for my ignorance, but I'm a little bit new to this industry. So, I 
just wanted to know whether the plotting development, which we do, is it on 
the agricultural land and then we convert it to NA? 
Kamal Singal: 
No; We would convert the land first, then the plans are getting approved. And 
then you will start selling. So, it's the other way around, actually. And by 
plotting, you mean, basically, we mean some very, very high quality, high 
class, world-class infrastructure with concrete roads and payment, etc with 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
some very beautifully planned and laid out large club houses of 40,000, 50,000, 
60,000 square feet, and even 1 lakh square feet in a couple of cases. So, these 
are very amenitized and very high and specified projects and infrastructure that 
you're talking about. But land is to be converted first, approved subsequently 
and then sold. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. So, because we are at a natural disadvantage because apart from the 
brand name, which Arvind is pulling because other smaller players generally 
all domiciled in a particular state and who are that farmer registration, we 
would be at an advantage, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
I mean in general sense, yes. But a great development which has happened in 
the last 1.5 years, 2 years in Bangalore is that this is no more required. As a 
company, we can buy land directly from the farmers, develop and sell. So, in 
one of the largest and the biggest potential market for us, which is Bangalore, 
this hindrance is already removed. 
And when it comes to Ahmedabad, we have device mechanisms and systems 
wherein the aggregators take responsibility of buying the land, converting and 
then under an agreement, selling to us for development. 
So of course, there is a circuitous route when it comes to Ahmedabad, but still 
doable. And we've been doing it for very, very large tracks of land parcels over 
and over again. And in Bangalore, fortunately, this hindrance is not existing 
now. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you. On behalf of the management, thank you, everybody, for 
participating in the earnings call of Arvind SmartSpaces and for your continued 
support. I hope we have been able to address most of your queries. However, 
if we have missed out on any of your questions, kindly reach out to Vikram, 
and he will connect with you offline. Looking forward to interacting with 
everyone in the next quarter soon. Thank you. Thanks a lot for your 
participation. Thank you. 

      
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
