 
February 17, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol: RAINBOW 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543524 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor call - Financial Results for Q3 & 9M FY23. 
 
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investor call held on February 10, 2023, with regard 
to Financial Results of the Company for Q3 & 9M FY23. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Rainbow Children’s Medicare Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Kapil 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
ASHISH 
KAPIL
Digitally signed 
by ASHISH KAPIL 
Date: 2023.02.17 
23:39:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 10, 2023 
 
Call Duration 
 
1 hour and 9 minutes 
Management Speakers 
 
Dr. Ramesh Kancharla - Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. R Gowrisankar – Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Bhandari - Business Analyst 
Participants who asked 
questions 
 
Madanagopal Ramu, Sundaram Mutual Fund 
 
Pritesh Chheda, Lucky Investments 
 
Bansi Desai, JP Morgan 
 
Tushar Manudhane, Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
Mayank Hyanki, Axis AMC 
 
Vinayak Mohta, Stallion Asset 
 
Karthik Narayan, SCP 
 
Naman Bhansali, Perpetuity Ventures LLP 
 
Arpit Shah, Stallion Asset 
 
Aneesh Deora, Nomura 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Aman. Welcome everyone, to the earnings conference call of 
Rainbow Children's Medicare Limited to discuss the financial performance 
for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022. We have 
with us Dr. Ramesh Kancharla, Chairman and Managing Director           Mr. 
R Gowrisankar, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Saurabh Bhandari, 
Business Analyst. 
 
Before we begin, I’d like to point out that certain statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks 
and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q3 

 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
FY23 results presentation, which is available on the company's website and 
also on the stock exchanges. 
 
I'd like to invite Dr. Ramesh to make his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Good morning, everyone. I extend New Year greetings to all of you. Wish 
you all a healthy and a prosperous New Year. It gives me immense 
pleasure to welcome you all to the earnings call for the third quarter and 
nine months of the current financial year. Rainbow was the first stock 
exchange listed paediatric chain in the English speaking world. 
Consequently, there was no peer comparison for the analysts and investors 
in the listed universe. So even after IPO, we had to assiduously engage 
investors both in India and overseas and explain the various building blocks 
of the rainbow business model, it's key differentiators and the significant 
market opportunities. Our efforts are bearing fruit, and there is perceptively 
a better comprehension of our business model among the investor and 
analyst community today. 
 
Before dwelling on results, I would like to highlight the salient aspects of our 
operating model given that we are a listed company for the benefit of new 
listeners. The Rainbow is currently country's largest paediatric hospital 
chain with 15 hospitals, 1,555 beds across six cities. Our paediatric 
services under Rainbow brand includes newborn and paediatric intensive 
care services, paediatric multi-specialty, paediatric quaternary care, 
including organ transplantation.  
Birth Right by Rainbow is an integral part of Rainbow Hospital. This is a 
perinatal 
centre 
offering 
normal 
and 
complex 
obstetric 
care, 
multidisciplinary fetal care, perinatal genetics and fertility, in addition to that 
gynaecological services. Rainbow Children's Hospital is built on a strong 
fundamentals of multidisciplinary approach with a full-time 24x7 consultant-
led service in a child-centric environment. 
 
Children's hospitals across the world have been built on these core 
fundamentals. We follow a hub-and-spoke model, where the hub hospital 
provides comprehensive multi-specialty paediatric services with an 

 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
advanced tertiary and quaternary care services. While the spokes provide 
24x7 emergency care, large outpatients as well as inpatient services for the 
wider coverage of the cities. We run the country's largest academic training 
program for paediatrics and paediatric super specialties in the private 
health care sector, offering post-graduate training in the residential DNB 
program as well as fellowship programs. 
 
Coming to performance for the quarter, historically, the strong momentum 
of the second quarter continues into the third quarter i.e., high occupancy, 
large out-patient footfalls and relatively robust financial performance. We 
experienced a similar trend from the second quarter into the third quarter 
across all key operating metrics like occupancy, outpatient, inpatient, and 
delivery volumes across all our hospitals. 
 
The occupancy for the current quarter was 57.06%, compared to the 
51.55% in the corresponding year of the last financial year. The occupancy 
were lower compared to the previous quarter as a result of a significant 
seasonal volume witnessed in the second quarter. The ARPOB for the 
current quarter was INR. 48,700/-, a growth of 7% compared to the INR. 
45,600/- in the corresponding quarter of the last financial year and a growth 
of 4% compared to the previous quarter ARPOB of INR. 47,000/-. 
 
I'm pleased to inform you that the company has delivered robust quarterly 
performance led by high patient footfalls across all hospitals in every 
geography. The revenues for Q3 stood at INR. 306.4 crores, the growth of 
23.17%. EBITDA of INR. 106.7 crores, which stands at 19.59%, compared 
to the previous year. The PAT for Q3 FY23 is INR. 58.2 crores, which has 
grown by 28.87%, compared to the previous year. 
 
Further, we have concluded our negotiations with the insurance companies 
for the Hyderabad cluster and the new insurance tariff will be applicable 
from the next month. With this, we have renewed all our major insurance 
contracts across the group. 
 
In terms of expansion, the spoke hospital in OMR Road, Chennai has 
commenced operations in September 2022, and is going as per the 

 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
expectations. The new 100 beds hospital in Hyderabad, at Financial District 
with, is close to completion. It's going to be operational in a few weeks' 
time. This is strategically located in rapidly growing Financial District of 
Hyderabadwith lots of young population we are adding another 50 beds to 
our Hyder Nagar branch, which is having a difficulty in accommodating the 
volumes. So this is a block, which is getting built adjacent to the Hyder 
Nagar for that demand, which is expected to come in over the next six 
months' time. 
 
So another branch in the Hyderabad city, which is in the central Hyderabad 
is expected to come in the next financial year. So we'll deepen our 
presence in Chennai city with another 80 beds hospital, which is currently in 
construction phase. It's going to come into operations by next financial year. 
The work commenced for 60 beds spoke hospital in Bangalore and the 100 
beds regional spoke in Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh are expected to be 
completed in 18 months and 24 months, respectively. 
 
To quote a bit of clinical excellence, from the clinical side, I'm pleased to 
inform you that we have surpassed outpatient volumes of last full year and  
current nine months and close to inpatient volumes of the last full year. As 
the current year being normal with the regular schools, we have witnessed 
significant increase in the outpatient and inpatient volumes with pronounced 
seasonal variations. And some of them were actually very sick, requiring 
intensive care services. 
 
Our doctors and paramedic staffs have been extremely busy all through the 
nine months, and the trend seems to be continuing. I am pleased to share 
that our outcomes of tertiary care have been very good. The liver transplant 
survival for the last nine months has been over 90%, which is very close to 
the Western standard. And the paediatric cardiac surgical mortality is less 
than 2%, which is close to international standards, with 50% being the 
complex congenital heart conditions. 
 
So I take this opportunity to thank all my doctor colleagues and paramedical 
staff for putting in untiring efforts to deal with such large volumes, yet 
achieving excellent outcomes. 

 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
 
The CDC exit during this quarter, our long-term investors for nine years, 
British International Investment Plc, formerly known as CDC Group Plc and 
CDC India Opportunities Limited, divested the balance equity shareholding 
of 14.45% stake in the company, which was subscribed by marquee long-
term investors.  
 
I welcome all the new investors to the company. In conclusion, to 
summarize the current quarter, the first nine months of the year largely 
been as per the expectations. The business has returned back to normalcy 
with our operating parameters demonstrating a strong growth. With that, I 
conclude and hope to continue our conversation in the subsequent quarter. 
Over to our CFO, Mr. R Gowrisankar to present the financial numbers. 
 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Thank you very much, sir. Good morning to you all. I'm wishing you all a 
very happy and healthy new year. I would like to thank you all for taking out 
your time and joining in this earnings update call. 
 
So I would like to share few insights on our financial performance during the 
period under review. First, I will go with the quarterly performance. Moving 
on to the quarterly performance, revenue stood at INR. 306.4 crores, 
growing by 23% over the corresponding quarter of the FY '22. EBITDA 
margin for Q3 FY '23 stood at 34.84%, which is at INR. 106.76 crores. 
EBITDA has grown by 20% over corresponding quarter of last financial 
year. 
 
PAT for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR. 58.24 crores. PAT margin for the quarter 
stands at 18.5% and PAT margin for the current quarter Q3 grow by 29% 
over corresponding quarter of the last year. OP and IP volumes for the 
current quarter grown by 37% and 16% over the corresponding period of 
FY '22. We have recorded an impressive 57% occupancy during the 
quarter. Matured hospitals have witnessed 63% occupancy and new 
hospitals have witnessed 42% occupancy during Q3 of FY '23. Our return 
on capital employed and return on equity stands at 8.23% and 5.96% for 
the Q3 of FY '22, which are not annualized. Our payer mix for the quarter 
stands at 49% credit and 51% cash. 

 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
 
And with respect to nine-month performance, on the basis of consolidated 
financials for nine months FY ‘23 we have delivered a revenue of INR. 857 
crores as against INR. 761 crores in the corresponding period of last year. 
The top line has grown by 12.5% over last year and if we exclude the 
COVID vaccination impact of INR. 92 crores, which was one-time, so the 
normalized revenue has grown by 28% over the last year actual revenue.  
 
EBITDA margin stood at 35% growing by 16% over the nine months period 
of FY '22 and stands at INR 298 crores. Profit after tax for nine months    
FY '23 stood at INR. 158 crores as against INR. 126 crores for the nine 
months FY '22. PAT margin had grown by 25% over the last nine months 
FY '22. 
 
OP volume grew by 47% and IP volume grew by 24% and delivery 
numbers have grown by 12% over the corresponding period of FY '22. 
ARPOB for nine months ended December, in FY '23 has shown a growth of 
7% over corresponding periods ARPOB with excluding the vaccination, the 
one-time COVID vaccination impact. Occupancy stood at 54% for nine 
months period in FY '23 compared to 46% of the corresponding period of 
FY '22. 
 
So during these nine months, we have incurred capex of about INR. 88 
crores and for Q3 we have incurred about INR. 29 crores of capex. This is 
towards our OMR, Financial District, Anna Nagar and Marathahalli projects 
and our regular capex. So we have utilized INR. 60.9 crores from the IPO 
proceeds towards repayment of NCD and for project capex as stated in our 
prospectus. 
 
With this I conclude my remarks. Once again, I would like to thank you all 
for joining this call. We can open for question-and-answers. 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Madan Gopal from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
Madan Gopal: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. I had just one question. From an 
occupancy point of view, sequential decline in new hospitals, but in the 
same period, mature hospitals occupancy has improved sequentially. How 
do we read this? And from a next, say, one- or two-year’s perspective, how 
do you see the new hospitals improving the occupancy levels, if you can 
comment on it? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, Thank You, Mr. Madan Gopal. Generally, the occupancy, which 
we're talking about is quarter wise, right? So when we look at the quarter-
wise, even in the mature hospitals, we have seen some decline from 67% 
to 63% in the maturing hospitals, 47% to 42%. This is because what we do 
is generally second and third quarters are the peak seasons for the 
paediatric business. But, however, it did change a little bit. What we have 
witnessed is in the second quarter is there was significant illness, which 
required admissions and more of a short-term admission, like a viral illness, 
people coming into hospital for a day or two. That pushes up the 
occupancy. So that is seen in both mature and maturing hospitals. 
 
When we look at moving into the third quarter, what we have seen is 
though there is a decline of an average of about 3.5%, but we don't see that 
significant revenue dip as well. So that quality comes into the play. So at 
some point, sometimes it moves to the third quarter, sometimes it comes in 
second quarter, it all depends on the monsoons, seasons, and various 
other factors. 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: And also, Mr. Madan to add to Dr. Ramesh, the OMR facility, which was 
there in Q2 only for a month had a full impact in this quarter. It is a very 
recent facility where the occupancy tends to be lower. Hence, you see that 
impact of occupancy on a sequential quarter being lower. 
 
Madan Gopal: 
So how do we see this new hospital’s occupancy improving say in two 
years, should we look at from a yearly perspective then touching around 
50%, 55% levels, is it 55% looks possible in the new hospitals? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yes. 
 

 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
Madan Gopal: 
Obviously some new hospitals are coming up now also. I am talking about 
the ones, which are already operational and categorized as new hospitals? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, I think well we have discussed this in the past as well. So what 
happens in the paediatric hospitals business is very organic, unlike multi-
specialty we don’t do much of government business, it’s more of an organic 
business. So it takes its own time. But at the same time, when you look at 
it, breakeven in our hospitals at 30% occupancy, compared to multi-
specialty, which is at 40%. 
 
So, therefore, I think the growth for us is kind of a pretty steady. It takes its 
own time to grow. The capacity building is always very important because 
that is what we see today in Hyderabad where we are having difficulties in 
accommodating patients. So that we are expanding in Hyderabad 
significantly. 
 
Madan Gopal: 
So, you're saying it's a steady improvement from the current that should be 
expected? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah. 
 
Madan Gopal: 
One more question on the new facility that you have added in OMR in 
Chennai. Typically in the first two years, what sort of occupancy do you 
really target compared to the overall other hospitals are coming up? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
I think, we rather than targeting it, what we look at is our predictions always 
been like how do we capture the market to see in terms of OPD footfalls. 
Then it comes to the other metrics like our ICUs are filling up, how the 
delivery numbers are increasing. That's how we look at it. 
 
In terms of occupancy per se is something it moves to end of the year 30% 
is pretty impressive for us. Whenever we see our occupancy clocking at 
30% end of the year is a success story for us, because we breakeven at 
that point. I would expect OMR to go that way in Chennai. 
 

 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investments Managers. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yeah, sir. I have three questions in continuation to the previous participant. 
How much time does it take to reach the 30% occupancy once the hospital 
is open? That's my first question. My second question is on the insurance 
price hike that we received at the beginning of the year. Has that flowed 
down to your revenue number, or is it yet to flowdown to your revenue and 
margin? 
 
And my third question is, I just want to understand the count of beds that 
are going to get added and have been added in FY '23 or supposed to be 
added in FY '23 and FY '24? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
The first question is that why we typically breakeven at 30- 31% of the 
occupancy, which normally we guide we expect that our breakeven, cash 
breakeven comes about 18 months in the existing cities where we are 
already present. So from there it keeps moving on. The second question is 
about? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: Insurance price hike. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Price hike. last year we have already had a price hike of insurance in 
Chennai, Bangalore and Delhi of 25% hike, and currently in Hyderabad we 
have matured that with pace where I think our price hike is about… 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 6% 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, around 9% to 10% price hike what we got in Hyderabad. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And that is about more than 50% of our business, right? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah that's right. 
 

 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: Only on the inpatient business, Pritesh. Just to confirm, the outpatient 
business is separate. Whatever insurance tariff hike that we are talking is 
on the inpatient business. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So can you quantify what portion of the total business of 50% is Hyderabad 
and inpatient is how much percent of that? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: So inpatient is generally about between 70% to 72% of our business and 
about 28% to 30% of our business is outpatient business. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So which means 40% of our business and then there will be a payer mix of 
insurance, which is another 40%. So let's say one-fourth of our business 
has got the 8%, 10% price hike? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: Correct. You are right. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And that should start reflecting from next quarter, right? 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: So for Bangalore, Chennai and New Delhi, it was done in last year. So you 
have already seen that being reflected in the ARPOB and the revenues 
over the period. It's the Hyderabad only that we have done now and the 
tariff hike would be there from next month onwards. So you will see the 
impact coming in from the Q4, half of Q4 and Q1 onwards, particularly in 
Hyderabad market, rest is already priced there. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yeah. So we calculated Hyderabad after all calculation as one-fourth, right? 
More than 50% business is Hyderabad, in which inpatient is 60%- 70% in 
which payer mix is about 40% via insurance, so that's how we calculated, 
right? 
 
R. Gowrisankar: 
Yes sir, you are right. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And sir, the bed count, if you could tell us what is the bed count addition in 
FY '23 and FY '24, incremental beds I want to know? Okay. So we had 
earlier guided, I think about 150 beds per annum. Where are we on that. 
 

 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
I think we are on the right track . Currently we have done 55 beds in 
Chennai and there is 100 beds to be inaugurated in the last quarter of the 
current financial year. Moving on to next financial year, we have about 80 
beds coming in Chennai city in Anna Nagar, and also we have 60 beds 
coming in Hyderabad, as a Central Hyderabad, another 50 beds coming in 
the addition to one of our spokes in Hyderabad, counting adding into about 
200 beds are going to come next year. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you mentioned 55 has already come in Chennai plus 90 at the year end 
plus another 50 next year. That is Chennai, right? Then you mentioned 
Hyderabad as next year only all the beds, how many you said? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
We are going to add 200 beds from now to the next 10 months time. So the 
current year, we will have about 100 beds addition. The next year we will 
have about 80 plus 60, 140 beds. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is what? This is in Hyderabad? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, Hyderabad. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
80 plus 140? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
80 plus 50, 130 beds. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
80 plus 50. Okay, done sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Bansi Desai: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, I have two questions. So 
firstly, on the mature hospitals, we've done good occupancy of 63% and I'm 
assuming Hyderabad cluster would have done better than this. So my 
question is how are the other hospitals, especially in the Bangalore cluster 
doing for us? Marathahalli, BG Road, I guess these two had a lot of scope 
of improvement in terms of occupancy margins. So if you can just comment 

 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
on how are the trends here, what are you seeing and what's the outlook for 
these two names especially? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
As I said, Bangalore is doing well and we had occupancy of, we put it as a 
matured and maturing hospital. So in Bangalore we had one matured 
hospital two are maturing hospitals. Together, our occupancy is about 
40%occupancy 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: 42% in Bangalore cluster. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
42% Bangalore cluster. 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: All put together, which was 30% in last year 3rd quarter. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, all put together. So what we have seen in Bangalore is a significant 
fraction of outpatients are built up in the last one year. And also there is 
occupancies have increased in both our main hub hospitals, as well as 
Bannerghatta Road hospital. So when you look at these two hospitals 
together, we have crossed 50% of occupancies. 
 
Bansi Desai:  
You've crossed 50% is what you said? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yes, close to 48.8%. 
 
Bansi Desai: 
Okay. That's nice to hear. And sir my second question is on the New Delhi 
cluster. So I remember last time you mentioned in the previous quarter, 
Delhi was seeing good traction. So if you can comment on how it has done 
in this quarter and where are you in terms of expansion plans in Delhi. 
You've spoken about adding 200 beds in the next two, three years. So any 
update on that? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yes, Delhi is actually tracking well. This current year, one is our Madhukar 
Rainbow Children's Hospital and other one is Rosewalk. Rosewalk is only 
the boutique centre. The main hospital in Delhi is doing well, it's a positive 
EBITDA this time. And we are clocking about 40% occupancy this year. 
And deliveries have picked up very well in South Delhi. I think we do largest 

 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
number of deliveries in South Delhi today, even in terms of cases are 
getting busier. So we see a positive traction in Delhi, Madhukar Rainbow. 
 
The Rosewalk, which was, kind of, a loss making last year, and it’s come to 
the EBITDA neutral today. So we have changed our model to Rainbow 
model. Earlier it used to be a luxury birthing centre. So we changed the 
model to more like our Birth Right services. So ever since that things are 
changing in a positive direction. So we hope to do well in the coming year. 
 
Bansi Desai:  
Okay, sir. And any update on the expansion? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Expansions, I think the work is in progress, probably I think I will be able to 
give a better update in the next quarter earnings call. 
 
Bansi Desai: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. I have more questions. I'll join back the queue. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Thank you. Thanks a lot, Bansi. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tushar Manudhane from Moitlal Oswal.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Okay. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just on the OP side on the existing 
hospitals, how much is the further scope to increase the OP volumes, 
because if I take the current volume and it make the number of hospitals to 
be 15, so it roughly comes out to be 3000 per day, sort of, OP volumes. So, 
how much is the further scope to sweat? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
There is significant scope to increase further volumes, because we have 
almost 40% of the new hospitals. We keep adding the new hospitals. That's 
where the OP volumes keep building it up. And also even the existing 
hospitals also continue to grow, because there is a lot of services are there, 
like specialty services, so they keep growing. So when you look at it, this is 
the first year coming back from the pandemic. What we have seen is 
almost, 47% growth from the last year, in our outpatient volumes. And we 
expect to see that significant growth year-on-year. As we grow number of 
hospitals, the OPD volumes keep growing further. 
 

 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
Tushar Manudhane: And sir what's been your experience in terms of any seasonality related to 
OP volumes? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, of course, seasonality plays a big role in the paediatric business. The 
seasonality variation is almost 25% to 30% volume, which we see, for 
second and third quarter volumes will be almost 20% different from the first 
and fourth quarter. So that's being the season. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: So fourth quarter would be better off, right, compared to third quarter? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Hyanki from Axis 
AMC. Please go ahead. Mayank, your line is unmuted, so I request you to 
please unmute yourself and proceed with your question. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Yes, hi. Thank you. Yeah, good morning. My question is on Madhukar Trust 
Hospital basically. So just like you mentioned the profitability levels in the 
Rosewalk, if you could highlight the profitability of Madhukar Hospital, how 
is it trending? And on the ICD’s part, is the hospital now able to service its 
ICD interest rate payments to the parent company? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
So, yes, this year I think the Madhukar Hospital has done about 10% 
EBITDA, there is a positive and the trend is picking up well. And with 
respect to this serviceability of that ICD, yes, in the last quarter, we got 
back about INR 2.5 crores of ICD money back from that hospital. And we 
are not infusing any funds. So it is sustaining as well as it started repaying 
the money as well. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
So this year basically we should see the overall outstanding amount of ICD 
plus interest coming off in this year. 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Actually not in one year, maybe it may take two years, but we can get it. So 
in the coming year as well as the next year, we will do it actually. We can 
get back the money. 
 

 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Sir, I'm just saying it will start coming off. The number will start coming off 
this year itself. 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Yes, you are right. It will come down. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Got it. Secondly, on the doctor consultancy charges, has there been any 
change in the model that, well, this number is moving much ahead of the 
top line, and I mean bearing FY '21 where the top line gone impact we have 
seen this ratio as a percentage of sales was also quite lower, not quite 
lower, but a few percentage points lower than what it is in this quarter per 
se. So is it just because of the new hospitals where the cost is upfront or 
has there been any change in the way either the remuneration is paid out or 
any change in the structure completely? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
So generally in a growing stage of hospitals, we've always been a growing 
stage and our professional charges, which is to doctors is about normally 
we guide about 24%. So it varies between 23% to 24%, maybe a little over 
24%, depending on the number of new beds added. So when you have a 
new hospital, because Rainbow always hires doctors on full-time basis, and 
also on the retainer basis, definitely when you have a more new beds, it 
would probably go up by half percent or so at the consolidated level. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Okay, got it. One more question, which I had was on the attrition side. So 
while the attrition for the industry is pretty large, we have seen that even at 
the time of IPO, attrition was pretty high, for FY '21 it was clocking at about 
45% or so. So how is the attrition now and is there any steps that you are 
taking to address this issue? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
There are two things. One is the attrition at the doctor level is very minimal 
for us. The attrition at the staff and the nursing level and those things, so 
during the pandemic time, we have witnessed quite a significant number, 
because even pandemic has negatively played on the children's hospital. 
So those days we were actually not too concerned also to lower the 
numbers, because we were not doing a great in occupancies as pandemic 
has no impact on children's health care. So now currently what we've 

 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
actually got back to the industry standards and we are doing pretty well 
about 22% that's well within the industry standards. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
So 22% is for the non-doctor staff or for the company altogether? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Non-doctors. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Stallion Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Yeah, so sir the first question I wanted to ask is, two-fold. I just wanted to 
understand what is the potential that you see in the existing South location? 
Like what is the potential number of beds or hospitals that you could have 
add over the next five, seven years, whatever potential you see?  
 
The second question was in general, when you move into a new location 
like a Delhi or you will be moving forward into new locations. How long does 
it take to breakeven or to generate that traction there, because what I 
understand form the children hospital, every region or a sub-location within 
that region as well has a certain hospital, which people prefer going to or 
which they have seen their parents or some relatives go to. So people don't 
generally very thoughtful about going to a certain hospital that they know 
when it comes to a child. So how do you build that traction and how long 
does it take to, yeah. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, it's a very good question. The reason is, one is that now how large 
we can get to. So I never imagined that we could grow to this large scale in 
Hyderabad city. So we are marching towards 1,000 beds probably in a year 
down the line, in Hyderabad city. So that's the size, which we have almost 
come to a closer to the multi-specialty size in Hyderabad city.  
 
So when we look at going to Bangalore and Chennai, which we’re adding 
more and more spokes and getting larger and larger. So when you typically 
go into a new city, so this is something what we typically do is when you go 
into a new city, we normally look at building a hub hospital. So what is a 
shortage in children's health care for any city is that a multi-specialty 

 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
children's hospital. That's what is shortage. There are many small, small 
mom-and-pop stores everywhere. So they have to cater for seasonal, minor 
illnesses, regional illnesses. 
 
So we go into the city with the concept of a children's hospital, which is a 
multi-specialty, where there is a children who could be treated for the 
complex conditions or critically unwell children. So that is our drive. That's 
always been our drive. That's how we went in Bangalore, we went in 
Chennai, we went in Delhi, now we went in Visakhapatnam. 
 
Once you establish a hub hospital, which typically takes like multi specialty, 
going into new city, will definitely take three to four years time to get into the 
game. Then you start building the spokes. Spokes in the area, which is the 
rapidly growing part of the city. One is to achieve wider coverage of the city.  
 
Second thing is, by then your brand would have build and more people 
want to come to you, because the cities are all large and the distance are 
also, kind of, a travel time is much significant. So, therefore, we try to work 
around the spokes. This is a typical model, which we actually have seen is 
the most probably a way forward for children's health care is a hub and 
spoke model to cover the wider part of the cities of our Indian cities. 
 
So we're talking about two different things. One is that small children's 
hospitals, women and children's hospitals of five beds, 10 beds, they're all 
nothing on level or very smaller setups. So Rainbow looks at a very 
different spectrum where we don't compete with those even individual 
paediatricians who are doing smaller, perhaps most of them eventually 
becomes our network, smaller hospitals or network doctors to refer 
complexities and specialties towards our site, towards Rainbow. That has 
happened in Hyderabad, that's tracking in Bangalore and Chennai. So this 
is what we expect to do whichever city we enter in. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. So it is hence to assume that you will, because you are 
reaching that mature stage in Hyderabad, Chennai and now eventually you 
will in Delhi after a couple of years. So then you'll have scope to move to 
1,000, closer to 1,000 beds into these cities and eventually you will move to 

 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
a new city then like you did in Delhi to build your three, four year of 
gestation period before, which you can start expanding into the spokes and 
eventually towards the 1,000 potential beds that come in those cities right? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah it keeps happening in parallel, the new city, as well as the spokes in 
the existing city. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And sir generally, what is your capex per bed in general in the 
spokes and the hub hospital and what kind of ROICs do you see that 
generally, for example, would be coming off in Hyderabad? And how long 
does it take a new hospital to reach to that kind of ROIC? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
See, typically what happens is in places where we are already present, for 
example, we are at Hyderabad, we are a super mature hospital. So if we do 
a hospital in Hyderabad, it's very unlikely to have any EBITDA negativity for 
the end of the first year. So it will be the breakeven or post some positive 
EBITDA. Because that's the brand recall and image what Rainbow enjoys 
in Hyderabad. 
 
So places like Bangalore and Chennai, now I think we would do a positive 
EBITDA probably in 15 to 18 months time. So there also that brand recall is 
high, people know about Rainbow model. So we are now working in Delhi, 
because Rainbow is kind of started doing well in Delhi, now we look at 
Delhi differently. We started looking at more of NCR rather than Delhi 
alone. 
 
So in terms of cost per bed, when you go for a brownfield project, it 
depends on building to building and also location-wise. Normally we expect 
it to be about INR 60 lakh per bed, and if we do a greenfield project, I don't 
think will be any different from the multi-specialty, because today's 
standards are pretty same for the children’s hospital or multi-specialty 
hospital to build to the standards of national building code or to all the other 
statutory and regulatory. 
 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And one last question. So, we have around 1,555 as capacity 
and 1,171 operational beds, where do you see this gap moving towards in 

 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
the next three years? What kind of operational beds do you see in the next 
two to three years? And how much does it cost you to move a normal 
capacity to an operational bed? Is there some incremental cost that you 
incur? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
We are going to add this year, we are going to add another 100 beds 
actually. So next year we are going to add about 200 beds. So in the 
coming year after also another 200 beds will get added. So if you see, we 
will be adding about 500 beds actually, which will cost us almost about INR 
300 cores. 
 
And moreover these are all new beds and with respect to the existing one, 
we don't have much of capacity. There is always, we are explaining that the 
capacity beds and the operational beds and whatever, we have that non-
census beds actually. So we have a lot of triage beds and all that, which will 
not be taken into account for occupancy count actually. So there we may 
not be incurring much for adding the capacity. The capacity addition will be 
towards the new facility and the capex will be towards the new facility. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthik Narayan from SCP. Please go 
ahead 
 
Karthik Narayan: 
Thank you. Again, congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers and thanks 
for all that you do. Both my questions are follow-up questions to earlier 
questions. The first one was with respect to the insurance hike. So you 
mentioned around 8% to 10% in Hyderabad, which will reflect in the future 
on the coming quarters. What was the hike you received in the other cities, 
which has already been reflected in the numbers? I think that's the first 
question. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, I think what we had, because Hyderabad is sequentially, we've been 
kind of going on the hikes. So the Chennai, Bangalore and Delhi, the hikes 
have happened after a long time, post-COVID first time, which is why we 
had a, fairly a decent correction to the 25% we got most of all the three 
geographies that's already reflected from the second quarter onwards. 
 

 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Karthik Narayan: 
Understood, sir. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Hyderabad is about 9% that's because we enjoy fairly our premium rates in 
Hyderabad. 
 
Karthik Narayan: 
Understood. That's helpful. And my second question is related to the doctor 
cost. I think a gentleman had asked about the change, is there a change in 
business model, where you mentioned that it is with respect to new 
hospitals coming on stream versus the 24% or 25% revenue growth, we 
have close to 40% or 38% to 40% doctor cost increase. So is it fair to 
assume that will likely be the increase moving forward as well given our 
expansion plans of 100, 150 beds every year? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
I think, I expect it to be around 24% if you ask me that, so this is how it is, 
unless we take a completely different tangent in hiring doctors differently, 
but as a Rainbow model, we always stand on full-time doctor engagement 
model. So we do retainers significantly. 
 
We also look for the talent rather than practices of doctors. See what 
happens in the children's health care scenario, see a doctor who has got 
100 patients will not transfer the business to Rainbow, because he's only a 
primary care doctor. So we look at a doctors who are qualified, who are 
intensive care doctors, who have been trained very well from central 
institutes or outside the country.  
 
So, obviously, we need to give them a retainer for them to be comfortable 
to work with you for longer periods. So there's investment, which we make. 
So as a good number of expansions going on, we recruit more number of 
these retainer doctors. That's what pushes up. 
 
At the same time, the doctors who are in the hospitals, which have been in 
full capacity running hospitals, so it moderates the overall doctor cost. So 
blended what we look at it, if you ask me where I wanted to be? I wanted to 
be between 23% to 24%. One, I wanted to achieve, me, being a doctor 
promoter, being a medical hospital, and our doctors have got a very 
different responsibilities also. They've got to cover the hospitals in the 

 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
middle of the night as well. Almost all the hospitals are manned by a senior 
consultants. So compared to the combination of all those things, I think 
that's very fair that, you know, what we do to the doctors is very good, 
which is why we are very popular. We are very popular among doctors. 
 
So second important thing is where we get our optimization, when you look 
at the peer groups of adults where there is some moderation, I mean, 
advantage for us in the consumables, the price percentage difference is 
there. We can optimize other costs. So we don't have so much of a 
marketing cost like other adults. So there are a lot of other areas, which we 
optimize it and try to see that doctors are paid well and they work well also. 
This is understood. These are the primary goals of children's hospital. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Naman Bhansali: 
Hi, sir. I have just one question. What would be a pre- Ind AS margin for the 
quarter? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
So pre-Ind AS margin for the quarter stands at INR. 91 crores. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Percentage? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
In terms of percentage, it will be about 29%. 
 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay. And during the pre-IPO meeting, I thinkin the post-IPO the first con 
call, we have mentioned about the sustainable margins to be around 24% 
to 25% on pre-Ind AS basis. So what is the gap we are seeing on the 29% 
to 25%, and going forward how would you look at it when new hospitals are 
coming in? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Well, naturally we know we have tried to grow in future and we would like to 
keep, if we can keep about 25% guidance, I think it is pretty good for me, 
achieving our goals in the organisation in the long-term. I wouldn't really be 
ambitious to, what I think we post now today is our numbers pre-Ind AS is 
29%, post-Ind AS is 35%, probably the industry's best So I can't be 

 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
ambitious to continue to do well-growing, building a children's health care 
for the country. 
 
So, I think our optimism is about growth of 20%. That's what we have been 
saying, 18% to 20% growth year-on-year is something, which we can 
expect. Even we plan our expansions also keeping that in the mind. 
 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay. So I was just coming from the point that what would be the gap, 
which we have between the 25% to 29%, initially we had a plan of 
sustaining around 25%, and what has been the change, which we have 
seen between the 400 bps? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
I'll tell you the reason. The last two years if you look at it, our number of 
beds has been already higher. Most of the beds have reached the mature 
stage and Hyderabad is super mature and also the Bangalore and Chennai 
joined the party. Chennai perhaps joined the party quite early. So 
Visakhapatnam broke even in the second year itself. 
 
So these are all the things that made us to kind of accelerate our 
profitability. Hyderabad being a super mature and not having many beds 
being added in the last one-and-half year time. In Chennai and Bangalore, 
there's no hospital, which is eating away money at the moment, which is 
why we are under the peak of performing very well. 
 
R Gowrisankar:  
Basically, the advantage of leverage is the fixed cost. When we add a new 
bed, we will be incurring additional fixed cost. So, since our expansion is 
less in the last two years, we are enjoying the benefit of leverage. So, that's 
where the margin has gone to 29% and we are saying that we are going to 
add 1,000 beds in the next five years actually. So considering that, we said 
we will achieve EBITDA optimistically at the 25% 
. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Yeah. I just wanted to understand the peak occupancy a mature hospital 
can have. Right now we are around 63% occupancy levels for our mature 

 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
hospitals. That was my first question. My second question, I just wanted to, 
if you can just identify, which are the hub hospitals and spokes hospitals in 
your portfolio? 
 
And even the previous participant had asked that our operational capacity 
is around 1,171 beds and our total capacity is 1,555 beds. So typically what 
will be the ratio from operational to total capacity? Typically what it should 
look like? And my fourth question would be around the reinvestment side. 
So we are broadly going to be generating about INR 250 crores to INR 300 
crores of cash flow from operations almost every year in the next three 
years or so. And we'll be spending about INR 30 crores to INR 40 crores on 
capex.. 
 
So what would be the rest of the capital be doing on your balance sheet? 
Would it be dividend pay-out? Or would you be looking to buy like go for 
some greenfield expansion, let's say, Noida, Gurgaon. So anything on that, 
if you can highlight? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah. I think, one is our occupancy levels. And I think we have reached 
70%, 70%-plus occupancy also in Hyderabad City. And what we're talking 
about is blended occupancies at a consolidated level. So when you look at 
the Hyderabad and Vijayawada, they have reached to the, 70-plus-percent 
occupancies. But it's very difficult to achieve occupancies of 80-plus 
occupancy, because of a differential area of beds. For example, we have 
18% of the beds in newborn intensive care, newborn intensive care is all 
incubators. So we can't keep any other patient there, but also some 
isolation wards and some paediatric intensive care. 
 
So, therefore, differential areas are there within the hospitals, which is why 
we see in Hyderabad is probably the peak, which can happen to anywhere 
in the world in a children's hospital. So in terms of operational beds to other 
triage beds practices, usually if you can achieve it to the 80/20, 80/20 is 
very good. So I think that's where we are in somewhere range. 
 
Moving forward in the future we were trying to work on that, how can we 
reduce that to a 15%? So this is an exercise, which we are in the progress 

 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
now, especially existing hospitals, we are working on that. How to make 
them at least partially revenue generating beds, like a daycare beds and 
those things. So this is the exercise on cards now. 
 
R Gowrisankar:  
we have currently about INR. 500 plus Croresof cash balance, including the 
IPO proceeds. We have a 1,000 beds expansion plan. So that is about INR. 
600 crores to INR. 700 crores we have to invest on that. And the balance 
money, anything is there, definitely the directors will consider based on the 
situation they can consider dividend. And other than that we will be 
consistently looking for good opportunities for acquisition as well . So right 
now it is not on under consideration. We'll be looking for it . 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Can you just identify, which are the hub hospitals and spoke hospitals in 
your network? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah. Hyderabad, Banjara Hills is a hub. In Bangalore, there is an Outer 
Ring Road near Marathahalli is a hub. Chennai is a hub. And Delhi, Malviya 
Nagar is a hub. And Vijayawada size is fairly big, about 135 beds. 
Visakhapatnam, we have built a capacity of almost like 175. We operate 
only 110 beds at the moment. That could go up also, because those are all 
regional spokes. 
 
What we plan with our experience of the past 20 years' time, when you look 
at the regions, when you go into the cities like two-tier cities like, place like 
Coimbatore, Vijayawada, Vizag, these are the cities that definitely requires 
about 125 to 150 beds, because there won't be a spoke model. There will 
be one hub model. So places like in Hyderabad now where we are, 
probably we require one more hub in future. That's what we usually our 
thought process is. And Delhi, what we are doing, we've been in 
discussions and doing diligence to probably do a large hub in Delhi, 
probably our next financial results, I will try to cover those aspects of it. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
So do you see the top eight cities as potential for hubs? And what you see 
for the next decade, because you've already been in Hyderabad, 
Bangalore, Chennai, now Delhi. But do you see Bombay, maybe in Gujarat, 

 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
maybe in the east also, where is potential for creating new hubs in the next 
decade? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yeah, absolutely. Because, we are the only one operator now at the 
moment. The problem with the children's healthcare is that, it's very 
organic. It's very demanding, because you deal with the digital native 
population. Most of the sickness is critically ill, unpredictable, these ones. 
So lot of emotional, a lot of these things. So you need to have a very, very 
robust operating model, as well as a very strong doctor model. It's not 
something doctors coming and going out is not acceptable. You need to 
have full-time doctor engagement models. 
 
So, when you look the developed world, in the US there are about 250 
children's hospitals, still they feel shortage. The country like ours, which is 
prospering in every possible way, I mean, every of our cities, almost 
whichever is got a 40 lakhs, 50 lakhs population, definitely requires about 
200 beds hospital to cater for the serious elements and the critical care and 
specialties. Opportunity is huge, but it takes time to build it. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
So the kind of competition you will be facing in some of these cities will be 
very high right? Say something in Bangalore where you have a couple of 
chains operating. Let's say even in Bombay you will be having a couple of 
chains operating. And then Delhi you will be seeing a good amount of 
competition. So how would you be fighting on those competition? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Honestly competition is very minuscule. The competition is there only at 
some small segments where there's birthing and those things. Our driving is 
children's healthcare, not birthing. Birthing comes along with us, because 
we believe that the best place to have a child's birth is children's hospital, 
because anyone who is anticipating a high-risk pregnancy, they should 
deliver in children's hospital. This is our slogan. This is how we go about it. 
We are not a mom-and-pop store, or we are not a small children's hospital. 
I'm not against it. I would like a small children's hospital, street children’s 
hospitals to be there, because to cater for the close by needs. But what we 
are expecting to do in the country is to cover the city for the sickness, or 
critically ill children or complex problems or speciality problems. 

 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
 
These are the things, when you say children's hospital that is where it cuts 
across. It doesn't cut across with the smaller centres with a five beds, 10 
beds, 15 beds. So that's why I still believe that we are a pilot project in the 
country, and still, I mean, there's a lot more tricks to explore and do it. 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. So would you be looking to explore higher growth rates, because the 
kind of opportunity, which presents you and you're probably one of the only 
players doing what you are doing right now. So would you be targeting let's 
say more than 18% to 20% growth rate, because that kind of opportunity is 
present there? And you’ve already set the model, how we want to operate 
in terms of margins, in terms of execution. So would you be looking at 
higher growth rates? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Certainly that, so whatever we have been doing, I think is pretty impressive 
in healthcare segment so far. But at the same time what's more important is 
that, we need to be disciplined on what we are offering to people and what 
the breadth and depth we are building it. And see Indian healthcare is not 
only for Indian healthcare, it is for the pan-India and also for the Indian 
neighbourhood is again a huge opportunity where people can come. A 
multi-speciality is doing a lot of international business. Probably in the years 
to come that we will be looking at a huge opportunity coming, international 
business coming into the paediatric segment in this country. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aneesh Deora from 
Nomura. Please go ahead 
 
Aneesh Deora: 
Yeah, thanks. Just one question from my end. I just wanted to know what is 
the frequency of the price hikes that we take on insurance contracts, like 
the 8% to 10% that we took now, again, when would the revision happen? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Well, ideally, it is a two-year cycle. But it keeps going a little, kind of, two-
and-half to three years sometimes. So, insurance Companies  have got 
their own way of delaying things. 
 

 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
Aneesh Deora: 
Understood. And on the normal cash patient, what are the average price 
hikes annually that you see? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Depending on the city and depending on what offering we're doing and also 
the positioning of the, it's within the same city and we have a differential 
price, because we have a market, which is a high paying, we have a 
market, which is a little moderately paying, it depends on the payer mix, 
which we look at it. So, I mean, definitely there is yearly, year-on-year we 
need to look at the inflation correction. That definitely we do it. And 
secondly, what we look at is we do the price benchmarking once in two 
years time to see what is the opportunity, based on that we work on it. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Hyanki from Axis AMC. Please 
go ahead 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Hi, sorry, I had a clarification on the Madhukar Hospital again. So the 10% 
margin, which you mentioned is post-Ind AS margin, or this is after 
accommodating the rent out payments? That's one. And did you see that 
the occupancy there we are running currently is about 40%? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Yeah, we are doing about 40% occupancy. The society will not have Ind AS 
adjustment actually. So it's a 10% pre-Ind AS adjustment. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Okay, pre-Ind AS only. Okay, got it. So on the hospital itself, the occupancy 
is still running lower to what our group level occupancy and the run rate is 
still low versus other hospitals that had that kind of age profile. So we are 
now in a post-COVID scenario, I think we were also talking about at some 
point of time we had a doctor's issue there in terms of we did not have a 
full-fledged team of doctors at some point of time. So from these 
perspectives, do we now have a full offering of full range of care across all 
the departments? That's one. And secondly, any specific issue, which is 
resulting in lower occupancy of that hospital versus the other hospitals? 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Now the full set of doctors are there actually. So the business is definitely 
picking up. As post-COVID, we have seen lot of change and definitely the 
10 other centres are doing well. 

 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
 
 Dr. Ramesh K: 
I think we need to add more specialties to Delhi now. See, the thing is we 
have seen, this is the, let me give you a little brief about it. It's a, of all the 
hospitals, this is one which have low capex model and very high rental 
model. So, what I've invested is about INR. 40 crores for 140 beds. So 
that's the low capex when you look at it. 
 
The second important thing is that it is in the South Delhi. And what I realize 
now is that it's not in the most children rich areas. The population is more of 
the aged populations. Still, when we look at the doctor engagement model 
there, Rainbow has certain definitely a different way of doctor engagement 
model, which we had initially difficulties because most doctors don’t believe 
in full-time engagement model. So over a period of time, we've done to 
hybrid, we've done to the more towards our model now. 
 
So now when you look at it our numbers, we had a huge impact of COVID, 
because the Delhi government made, because this is a trust hospital, so 
government has a say. The government has made this as a children's 
COVID hospital for one-and-half year time. So that means we've, out of 
four-and-half years, one-and-half year has gone out of the block. So we 
have come back now and from the losses, we have come back to the 
recovery phase. Our occupancy is that the blended comes to across the 
year, about 40%. In the busy season, it goes to 55%. 
 
Second important thing is that the number of specialties what we have, 
here's a mainly where our focus is the intensity at services, obstetrician 
gynaecology and paediatric surgery, and couple of specialties. As we move 
forward, we need to increase the number of specialties in Delhi. That's the 
plan, which need to be executed. But having said that, specialties don't 
grow like a multi-specialty, adult specialties. It takes time to grow. So Delhi 
story will definitely will take some time to grow. But what I am, my optimism 
is that, yeah, we are in the right part of the city. It's an important area to be 
in. 
 
Second important thing is we are tracking a good name now. That's most 
important for me in Delhi. Thirdly is that now, it's a EBITDA positive now 

 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
and it's going to pay back its money. And I’ve not bled a lot of money in this 
overall, you know, turning the Delhi hospital. If you give me entry door, now 
I know Delhi. I think when I look at my business plan for the Delhi, I'm 
absolutely bang on now. I know what is exactly Delhi, how do I operate 
myself. Probably I think in the next coming earnings calls, I'll present my 
business plan for Delhi. So I just kind of request all of you to wait for some 
time. 
 
Mayank Hyanki: 
Got it, got it. We look forward to your Delhi plans being unfolded. But just 
from business and financial perspective, even as we await addition of more 
specialty in this hospital, the performance of this hospital in terms of pubs 
or occupancy or profitability in the meantime, till you announce your plan, 
should keep on improving from here on, despite whatever challenges you 
mentioned around the hospital and the area, right? 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for 
today. I now hand the conference back to the management for their closing 
comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Dr. Ramesh K: 
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thanks for everyone to be very patient to 
listen to us. Thank you very much. Once again, we'll meet you in the next 
earnings call. So I wish you have a great day and a great year ahead. 
Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. 
 
Saurabh Bhandari: Yeah. And should you have any questions, please write it to us at 
investors@rainbowhospitals.in. We would be happy to engage further with 
all of you. Thank you so much. 
 
R Gowrisankar: 
Thank you. 
 

 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Rainbow 
Children's Medical Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
