Vardhman 
Vardhman 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
Delivering 
Excellence. Since 1965. 
CHANDIGARH 
ROAD 
LUDHIANA-1410 
I 0, PUNJAB 
T: +91-161-2228943-48 
F: +91-161-2601 
048 
E: 
secretarial.lud@vardhman.com 
Ref. VTL:SCY:MAY:20H-24 
Dated: 11-Ma~-2023 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: VTL 
BSE Limited, 
New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI-400001. 
Scrip Code: 502986 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL OF VARDHMAN 
TEXTILES LIMITED - Q4 FY'23 
Sir, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 
09th May, 2023 to discuss Q4 FY'23 results. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED 
(SANJAY GUPTA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
YARNS 
I 
FABRICS 
GARMENTS 
I 
THREADS 
I 
FIBRES 
I 
STEELS 
PAN NO.: AABCM4692E 
CIN: 
L 171 I I PB 1973PLC003345 
WWW.VARDHMAN.COM 
SANJAY 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by SANJAY GUPTA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=141010, st=PUNJAB, 
l=LUDHIANA, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=f90871601590b53e4e52bd5cbc80df08e
b5fd927c6f81aa06bcbf1aed41af6ab, 
pseudonym=cae1bc0c8a054a7ebde3ab409646b34a, 
2.5.4.20=124bad9891b98bc1c230ebad1a3f921233702
92ebb19fd0cd2aded21fd129d95, 
email=SANJAY7GUPTA@GMAIL.COM, cn=SANJAY 
GUPTA 
Date: 2023.05.11 15:36:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Vardhman Textiles Limited 4Q FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEERAJ JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED. 
MR. SUSHIL JHAMB – DIRECTOR OF RAW MATERIALS, 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED. 
MR. RAJEEV THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED. 
MR. MUKESH BANSAL – HEAD OF FABRIC 
MARKETING, VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED. 
MR. VARUN MALHOTRA – HEAD OF FINANCE, 
VARDHMAN TEXTILES LIMITED. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK NIGAM – BATLIWALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED.  
 
 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vardhman Textiles 4Q FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’, on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Nigam from Batlivala & Karani Securities 
India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Hi, everyone, good evening, and thank you so much for joining us today. From management we 
are joined today by Mr. Neeraj Jain – Joint Managing Director; Mr. Sushil Jhamb – Director of 
Raw Materials; Mr. Rajeev Thapar – CFO; Mr. Mukesh Bansal – Head of Fabric Marketing; and 
Mr. Varun Malhotra – Head of Finance. And now without any further delay I will hand over to 
Mr. Neeraj Jain for opening remarks. Thanks. 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, this quarter has been better than the previous quarter, you would have seen the results. So, 
in terms of utilization on the spinning business, we were better. 3rd Quarter had been one of our 
worst quarter because of the utilization, very high cotton prices, slow demand and so and so on. 
Definitely there was a little bit betterment and the spinning utilization was almost full for us. 
Country as a whole also, I think the 3rd Quarter we were estimating the utilization of spinning in 
the range of about 60% to 65%, which as of now our feeling is would be higher than 90%. So, 
one is the overall demand in the utilization, second is the margin which I will talk a little later. 
So, in terms of utilizations, definitely things have improved for India. 
And in terms of fabric utilization this period was where our utilization has been in the range of 
about 80% to 85% still not reaching the 100% level, as the overall textile has been under 
somewhat concerns, the overall scheme of things. 
This is a period where after seeing a very negative period of October, November, December 
where everyone in the system wanted to reduce the stocks so there was a destocking going on 
with every brand, whether it’s a domestic or exports. As a result of that, people were not 
demanding at all. 
Also, the 3rd Quarter was a period where cotton prices went to as high as Rs. 100,000 a candy, 
they were coming down. So, everyone in this system wanted to wait to buy, so that the inventory 
losses are not there. So, practically the four months starting somewhere in September, August, 
September last year till November, December has been a very difficult period. From that 
perspective definitely there is an improvement. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Coming to the cotton prices, the international prices also during that period had gone to as high 
as $140 cents to $150 cents per pound. And most of this period, in fact March, they have been 
in the range of about $78 cents to $85 cents. So, I mean the average could be around $82 cents 
or $83 cents or $84 cents in this period. And commensurate to that, the Indian prices also 
readjusted to almost Rs. 63,000 to Rs. 62,000 to Rs. 63,000 to Rs. 64,000 a candy, which was 
much higher before. 
Also, this was a period where the, because of a crop damage in Pakistan their capacity utilization 
was much less. And Pakistan is one of the biggest supplier of coarser counts in the world market 
especially to the China since they were not operating fully, so there were, been a part of the 
orders which came to India also, though margins maybe there or not there, but at least in terms 
of utilization definitely it helped. 
Another optimism in this period was the opening up of China. So, after the COVID restrictions 
which were too stringent there, the Government of China decided to open it up. And slowly the 
markets were opening and definitely there has been a more optimism for that market also. And 
there has been a buying of yarn from Chinese market also which practically for before that six 
months was not there at all. 
Last call also I mentioned there were three scenarios: 
I) The overall demand was less because of the high inflation, interest rates going up, EMIs 
increasing, energy prices going to a different level so people were, all the discretionary demands 
were less. And in this period, I think definitely there has been an improvement in that. And more 
and more people started looking at it, because the worst of risks, it looks like it’s over. 
II) Most of the brands were destocking in the earlier period and they were full of with the 
inventories, where they were reducing their inventories. And as a result of that they were not 
buying at all. I think definitely there has been an improvement, and brand by brand whosoever 
wherever the destocking was done, they started buying slowly in this period also. 
III) The supply chain also improved, so earlier people were having concerns on supply chain, so 
they were still feeling that by the time material reaches them it will be again the devaluation of 
goods, that part was also over. So, the normalcy of business surely started happening in this 
period. And in addition to that, the optimism of China, and non-availability of yarn from Pakistan 
also helped the Indian spinner to do a little bit better in terms of utilizations. 
The cotton rate continues to be high in India in comparison to what it used to be earlier. We are 
talking of the U.S. cents, the cotton which is available in India over and above New York future. 
So, if you look at the historic prices it used to be in the range of about $0.4 cents to $0.6 cents, 
which in this period most of the time was in the range of about $0.12 cents to $0.15 cents. Even 
today also, it would be close to about $0.12 cents to $0.13 cents only. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
So, definitely the Indian spinners margin has got a hit. So, we had two issues: 
1) One issue is the overall demand is less, the world and still people are expecting overall 
spinning utilization of only about 80%. So, that’s one impact, because the demand is less, so the 
prices are not really commensurate to the cost. 
2) The Indian spinner margin is less, because of our higher cotton prices compared to what we 
used to have earlier. And that disadvantage still continues, of course it’s a little lower than what 
it used to be but definitely that disadvantage is there even as on today also. 
The fabric utilization, I think are almost in the range of about 80% to 85%, the situation remains 
same over there also. Overall demand has been less, people have not been buying, most of the 
brands were destocking, so as a result of that they were not buying. So, we were in a position to 
utilize this much capacity. And even as on today also, the situation remains same. 
Another silver lining in last couple of weeks is definitely -- if you look at all these segments, we 
talk about spinning, we talk of knitting, weaving, home textiles, garmenting, practically 20% to 
25% utilization has been lower in last four months, five months. So, the first silver lining which 
we started looking at, looking like is the home textile, definitely their capacity utilization has 
improved in last couple of weeks and they are reaching almost depending upon the company, 
they are reaching almost 90% to 95% utilization, which is one signal where we can say definitely 
the demand has started coming in, or maybe the de-stockings are over and people have started 
buying again. And if one segment has started working, I am sure, the other may also coming in 
next maybe in the near future over a period of time. 
So, our company also the utilization total spinning, almost running full capacities. The margins 
in this period has been generally in the range of about U.S. $0.70 cents, if you go by the market 
prices of yarn vis-à-vis the cotton, not more than $0.70 cents. Whereas in India many at times it 
was in the range of about maybe $0.60 cents also, because of the crisis of cotton which I 
mentioned earlier. 
The fabric margin relatively whenever the yarn comes down, the fabric margins improve. So, as 
a result of that the integrated player like us, we had the advantage compared to the standalone 
spinners, where the margins are a little better in terms of the overall EBITDA margins. 
So, that’s a situation till now. I think the remaining things we can discuss, and we can explain 
along with the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Awanish Chandra from SMIFS. Please go ahead. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Awanish Chandra: 
First very obvious question in your opening remarks you have mentioned that you are working 
at now 100% capacity utilization in spinning division and we are holding our CAPEX plan for 
long. Any new thought on your CAPEX plan, anything you can guide on that? 
Neeraj Jain: 
There are two issues which I mentioned in the last call also and I am repeating that. So, one is 
the overall demand is less in the world markets because of the various uncertainties. So, I think 
there is a concern on that, but I think that’s not really that big a concern because if the overall 
ultimate markets will improve it’s a matter of time. We are really not much bothered about the 
same. And I think that’s not really a big concern. 
The second is the India specific, if our cotton price continues to be higher than the world markets, 
probably than the concern could be a little longer, even if the things improves worldwide, but if 
our cotton prices continues to be higher which are as of now then probably whether the kind of 
margins which are expected whether they would be back or not, in next two to three years. 
Because ultimately what will happen if the margins are not good, expansions doesn’t happen, 
some of the spinning plants, whoever is a weaker plant, will be stopping the capacity. 
So, eventually the margins will improve, but all the questions and concerns is when does these 
correction of cotton prices happens, when does the normalcy in our own deal happens. And 
unless that happens, I think we are still waiting or we still want to wait maybe for next, some 
more time, before we make up our mind and we start looking at the big expansion. So, it’s better 
looking at the broad situation, in our view, in our management’s view it’s better to wait for some 
more time, before the clarity is there, and we start expanding. And in any case we have just 
completed our 100,000 spindles which we have started utilizing on a fully basis now. So, I think 
we also like to consolidate maybe till the time we take finally on this. 
Awanish Chandra: 
And you highlighted this international and domestic cotton prices, so internationally $0.84 cent 
and we are at $0.63 cent to $0.64 cent, so still we are not having parity or it is now very close to 
parity in your view. 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, you know the way we measure the Indian cotton is always whatever is the New York future, 
and how much is the premium on that. So, if you look at the New York future today, let’s say 
$0.83 cents to $0.84 cents. The American cotton is available, $0.15 cents over and above the 
New York future. So, the cost of American cotton to let’s say Vietnam is about $0.14 cents to 
$0.15 cents higher than that. So, if it is $0.83 cents and $0.14 cents means $0.97 cents the 
Vietnamese spinner we will be getting it imported cotton or the American cotton. Whereas the 
Indian cotton today is close to about $0.95 cents to $0.96 cents. So, the yarn made out of 
American cotton will always have a premium of $0.15 cents to $0.20 cents. So, whatever is the 
Vietnamese spinner selling our yarns will be sold $0.15 cents to $0.20 cents lower than that. But 
if our cotton prices are same then we cannot make money. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
So, the way in India people look at whatever is the New York future $0.4 cents, $0.5 cents, $0.6 
cents higher than that has been our historic cost. We never look at the New York future is higher 
or lower, because ultimately if the New York future is higher, the yarn prices will also increase 
worldwide. But if cotton price are higher in India, we alone will not be in a position to increase 
the price in the world markets. That’s where I am saying the Indian prices are still higher on the 
basis compared to what it used to be earlier and that’s what is giving us a concern today. 
Awanish Chandra: 
One bookkeeping things, how much cotton inventory today we have, and is there any situation 
of cotton arrival in mandi improved? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, the overall arrival in India till now is close to about 235, 237 lakh bales or I mean anything 
people are, maybe it could be 24 million bales as well. The crop size there has been a different 
estimate of the crop size so the CAI which started with almost 34 million bales today has come 
down to 30 million bales, this year PC they were at 337 lakh, so they are still 337 lakh bales and 
240 is come here. The daily arrival even today also is in the range of 125,000 bales to about 
140,000 bales. 
So, it looks like maybe that doesn’t seems to be much of concern on the overall availability and 
arrival of cotton. Of course, it is unprecedented that we get this much cotton in the month of 
April and May which has never happened. But yes, it’s coming regularly and it doesn’t seems 
to be really a shortage of cotton, it’s only the farmers are in a position to bring it slowly so that 
they can maintain the parity, which is a kind of a different experience India had for the first time. 
Because we cannot import it as of now, because of this duty component, so we have to be 
dependent upon the Indian cotton. And somehow it looks like the farmer could understand this 
need and they are bringing it slowly. But otherwise in terms of availability etc., that doesn’t 
seems to be that kind of a concern that cotton will not be there or what happened last year. I 
don’t think that’s a situation really. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I would like to understand the demand from the Chinese market. Now that you were saying that 
the demand in Chinese market is better. And we are also seeing that Indian cotton prices versus 
Vietnamese cotton which it imports from America are also similar. And anyways they command 
a premium of $0.20 cents. And Indian cotton will also be available at the same levels then why, 
we are not able to make margins? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Because our cotton price is same at the Vietnamese getting the American cotton. So, if my yarn 
is sold in $0.20 cents lower than them, how will I make money? 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, I thought that Vietnamese yarn is higher, I mean -- 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, whatever is the yarn based out of American cotton which Vietnam is one of the big player. 
Whatever yarn they sell from the cotton which is produced in USA whatever is their yarn price, 
our yarn price will be $0.15 cents to $0.20 cents lower than that. And if my cotton price is same 
what Vietnam is getting as American cotton and I am getting Indian cotton at that price then to 
that extent I will lose money. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
At current spreads what would be the industry margin? 
Neeraj Jain: 
$2.60 cents to $2.70 cents for Indian spinner. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And this is gross margin or EBITDA? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
What is the hurdle in higher utilization of woven fabric, because the demand for woven apparel 
definitely is better than knit apparel in the market. So, what is the reason for not being able to 
sell, utilize our capacities to the fullest? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I think if you look at all segments whether its denim, whether it’s weaving, whether it’s knitting, 
whether it’s home textile the demand has been very dull in this period. So, that’s the reason it is 
less, I mean if you look at even the knitting also, even the denim is still running at about 60% 
capacity utilization, the knitting would be running at about 65% to 70%. So, to that extent woven 
is in the range of about 80% to 85%. But it’s not that the woven is having, is running at a 100% 
utilization. So, I am talking about the world markets. Every year the demand is slower whether 
it’s woven or it’s knit or its denim, everything I think there is definitely some reduction in the 
overall consumptions. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And what should we be looking at if we want to understand that there are green shoots in 
improvement in demand? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, one is the home textile, which is one signal for sure. And the two is the spinning capacity 
utilization because of the Chinese demand or the other demand. So, definitely we they have 
improved. So, these are the signal sign. And if you look at even the denim also, I think four 
months back their utilization had come down to about 40% to 45% which is now in the range of 
about 65% or so. So, definitely there is an improvement in every segment, but whether to the 
desired or to the 100% level, you know, but surely it looks like, we have definitely improved in 
every segment in the textile, in last three, four months. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
What will be your expectation for FY'24 as a year, because still we are not seeing any major 
improvement in demand to the fullest, and margins remain under threat --? 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes so it looks like first six months and still I mean on one hand though we are saying things are 
better compared to what it used to be and I still maintain the same, but at the same time, next 
couple of months it will be a roller coaster in any case. So, I don’t think the next six months we 
are likely to have any major trend or a major improvement in one direction. 
And the '23, '24 should be or could be better than '22, '23, but whether we will really come back 
to the normal margins, for six months it doesn’t look like, because if you look at now we are 
already in the months of May. The cotton prices, the next cotton season will start somewhere in 
the month of September. So, going by the arrival pace and the way cotton prices are behaving, I 
don’t think there is likely to be any major drop in the cotton price in the next two months, three 
months time and then we will have to buy for this season. So, any major improvement or hope 
which is there, it will be beyond September only. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And we have cotton inventory holding for this season and what has been the procurement 
strategy and are you going to use any hedges? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, we are, first of all, we are not doing any hedging as of now, because most of the hedging we 
do whenever we import in a bigger ways, this year we are not doing any hedging first of all.  
Two, if I look at the overall inventory with the mill sector our estimate is it would be in the range 
of about 60 days or so as of now, that’s our estimate going by, I mean considering the total 
arrivals, consumptions happen, exports and imports, it would be in the range of maybe about 60 
days or so. 
So, for us, it will be, I think we are in the range of maybe about 90 days or 95 days or so. But 
definitely, I mean we are also a little conscious because once the new arrival comes in, probably 
there could be a possibility of lower prices also. 
So, three we also want to look at how, because the business is also very hand to mouth on a daily 
basis. So, we are also being a little conservative as of now in cotton buying. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
One question just in my mind, how do we look at growth then, when we are not expanding over 
the next two to three years are we looking at any other opportunities in the textile segment apart 
from spinning and woven fabrics because -- woven have taken a longer time to utilize fully and 
spinning margins continue to remain volatile like this, and import duty is a government call, so 
we cannot wait for government to change -- 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, definitely, so I agree with you, one area of improvement could be only the moment we start 
utilizing our full capacity or the weaving division, so there could be some improvement on the 
top-line or margins coming from that. Two, I think till the time we are very sure of the future of 
the industry and we are very sure of our cost factors whether the concern will be, whether we 
should look at the top-line and keep growing or we should be concerned about the bottom-line 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
also and wait for some more time. So, today anytime we want to put up a spinning project, 
because now the kind of thing which was there with the machinery manufacturers that’s not 
there today you can get machinery in six months, eight months’ time. So, once again, the 
spinning project expansion could be completed in about 12 months or so. So, we haven’t decided 
that we wait for one year and we want to wait for another one or two years before we start the 
project, I am only saying we want to have the comfort before we relook at these projects. And 
as of now we are not really, really comfortable going by the overall cost factors in the system. 
So, that’s what we think it’s better to wait for some more time. So, I am not saying two years, 
three years but definitely we will wait for the right or an appropriate time. And whenever we 
think there is a consistent demand or there is any concern on our servicing to the customers, 
probably that is the time we might take a view as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Could you share some perspective on how much spindle capacity addition has taken place 
globally as well as in India, and this is in the last two or three years post-COVID? 
And besides India where have most of these capacity addition taken place? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, if we look at first let’s look at the Indian scenario, Indian scenario, the overall spinning 
expansion or the overall spindles supplied in Indian market will be close to about 2.5 to 3 million 
spindles in last one year. And out of that about 70% is the expansion and about 30% goes for the 
modernization. So, if we go by 2.5 to 3 million spindles that means close to about 1.7, 1.8 million 
spindles would have been added into the Indian system, new spindle. And also, there is always 
some mills which will be stopping production. So, we estimate maybe about half a million 
spindles would be going off from the system, the older system. So, which means the net-net 
addition to the Indian spinning could be in the range of about 1.2, 1.3 million spindles, which is 
about 2% to 2.5% of our installed spinning capacity. 
If we look at the world market, the total world market today is close to about 240 to 245 million 
spindles. And the net-net addition in the entire world is in the range of about 4 to 4.5 million 
spindles, because a total of about 7 million spindles are supplied everywhere. And almost out of 
that, again 30% goes for the modernization that means the 5 million spindles which are the new 
capacity, and maybe another one million spindles is going off from the various countries. So, 
the net addition could be in the range of about 4 million spindles or so. 
So, this is a period where all these 13 to 15 lakh spindles which would have come to India is not 
that one house is there, so most of the places, I think the expansions are in the range of about 
40,000 spindles to maybe one or two factories would have added about 100,000 spindles. For 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
example, Vardhman added 100,000 spindles equal line. So, this is a very scattered kind of 
expansions which have happened. 
And third, I think there is no Greenfield project which is coming. Most of the expansions which 
have come in the existing players have added some capacities to their existing locations or maybe 
the existing groups has taken a new location, but as such no new group has come in, in a big 
way for adding the capacity into this system. So, we earlier thought two years back where 
everyone wanted to expand on this spinning business, probably that’s not the scenario today. 
Amit Khetan: 
Outside of India where have most of these capacity additions taken place? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, most of this capacity expansion other than India was the Uzbekistan, Bangladesh, Turkey, 
these are three bigger players where the capacity, China is not adding their net-net, they are 
reducing also, only Pakistan is not adding, Indonesia is not adding. So, the bigger capacities are 
coming in and maybe some capacities coming into the Central American zone also where they 
have the advantage of cost price etc. 
Amit Khetan: 
And lastly, given that we are not doing any kind of expansion CAPEX for FY'24, what would 
be our normal maintenance CAPEX for this year? 
Neeraj Jain: 
In the range of almost about Rs. 300 crore or so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Jet Age Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Just a repetition, what is the premium at which Indian cotton quotes versus the New York cotton 
and why is there a premium? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, American cotton is the contamination free cotton. It’s all machine pit, so there is no 
contamination in that cotton. So, that is why the yarn made out of American cotton sells at a 
premium. Indian cotton in terms of other characteristics which is the length, strength, touch is 
very good or maybe comparable to the American cotton. But it is only and only contamination 
where our cotton is sold at a discount. 
Falguni Dutta: 
I missed the last part, what did you say, why is our cotton normally at a premium to American? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I said in terms of length, strength, touch, our cotton is comparable or even better than American 
cotton. The only disadvantage is our cotton is all manually pit so it is very contaminated, there 
are lots of contamination in the Indian cotton. That’s why the yarn made out of American or 
Australian or Brazilian cotton sells at a premium. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Falguni Dutta: 
So, that’s why you said Vietnamese yarn will also sell at a premium because it’s made from 
American cotton? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Generally, they use the American or the Australian so that’s why they have the advantage. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Normally how have our cotton prices being compared to the American cotton prices? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, as I said the American cotton is available at $0.15 cents, $0.16 cents, $0.15 cents over New 
York future. Our cotton historically has been about $0.5 cents over New York future, so will 
always be about $0.8 cents to $0.10 cents lower than American cotton. And if we translate into 
the yarn, it will be almost about $0.20 cents to $0.25 cents for the yarn. But in this period our 
cotton is almost comparable to American cotton. 
Falguni Dutta: 
And that’s the reason which is creating a problem. So, correct me if I am wrong, so currently as 
we seek our cotton is at par with American cotton and hence the problem of lower margins. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Correct. 
Falguni Dutta: 
And last question is on the other expenses part, why has it been quite a bit lower YoY for the 
quarter? 
Management: 
You are comparing with the corresponding quarter? 
Falguni Dutta: 
Same time, yes last year, Q4 of FY'22. 
Management: 
Last year there was the extraordinary item of hedging loss on cotton derivatives. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Just one small query on the replacement cost. Can you share what the cost of putting up a 
Greenfield capacity in rupees per spindle, and the Brownfield capacity, in the --? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, it doesn’t make much of a difference nowadays between Greenfield or the Brownfield unless 
there is some cost in terms of land acquisition etc. is required. So, today the cost of putting up a 
new spinning capacity is almost in the range of about Rs. 80,000 or so per spindle. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And please share what was it say five years back or six years back around this number? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, five years back would not be more than Rs. 50,000 or so, Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 55,000. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And what has caused this price to go up because there has been some correction in the 
commodities also. So, do you think it is sustainable or will the cost of making will come down? 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
There are a couple of factors one is if we look at the cost of all building material, it has gone up 
substantially in last five, six years. So, I think every two, three years, I mean every year there is 
some automation which would be improved by the vendors also. And whenever they come up 
with new models, they will keep improving their pricing also, because they will be bringing in 
more and more features also in the system. Now whether you will really be benefitted by those 
features significantly or not but definitely their cost of the machine will keep increasing. 
Third, I think slowly people are going for more and more automation in general also. So, for 
example, roving stock, roving transportation, five, six years back it was really a kind of a hardly 
someone would be going, but today all projects are conceived with this only. If you look at 10 
years back, people were thinking whether we should go in for auto doffing or not. Today it’s a 
given situation you will go with the auto doffing only because there is no other way you can 
maintain that. So, I mean few things, technology there, which was an optional couple of years 
back today has become a basic technology and the cost is -- 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Then, do you see these margins go up and then only will the players be adding capacity? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Definitely, I mean we have to have the right margins because whatever margin on a $0.60 cent 
to $0.70 cents gross margin, industry cannot make money. So, to make us right money we have 
to go to maybe about $0.90 cents to $1 kind of a margin. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Which means that until the industry reports an average EBITDA of what they did last year -- 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, that was much higher, that was also an exception. So, EBITDA of 15%, 16% on the sales, 
15% to 18% on the sales I think generally suffice the purpose. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Is it right to put that number at Rs. 60 kilo over my EBITDA on the yarn side? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, 60 will be much higher, so you will have to look at it I mean generally the concept is about 
Rs. 8, Rs. 9, a spindle, so on a five spindles maybe about Rs. 45 to Rs. 50. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And the current would be how much sir, in rupees per kg? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Current would be what maybe about Rs. 15 to Rs. 20, in the best-case scenario or many places 
it will be even almost the marginal or much less than that also. 
Niraj Mangsingka: 
That’s what I was saying, basically I was saying at Rs. 30 to Rs. 35 or Rs. 25 or Rs. 35 rupees 
range increase in EBITDA required for the industry to think of adding more capacity. 
Neeraj Jain: 
That is true, so as I mentioned our average EBITDA today with the gross margin is $0.60 cent 
which has to go to $0.90 cents. So, if we look at a $0.30 cent, Rs. 25 to Rs. 30 kg improvement 
is required minimum. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
So, my question is, one is on the overall inventory levels compared to last year the cotton prices 
have come down meaningfully I am saying March end. And if you look at the inventory it is just 
Rs. 500 crores lower at consolidated level. So, as compared to last year are we carrying slightly 
higher inventory in terms of number of months? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, last year also, if you look at the February, March, the prices were much lower. The prices 
have increased around March only, April, May it started going up. So, if we are comparing with 
31st March figures prices of cotton were in the range of Rs. 55,000 to Rs. 57,000 only or Rs. 
60,000 only. So, it is only in the month of April where the government gave a relaxation on the 
duty part, the international prices went up and the Indian prices also aligned to that. So, it was 
only April, May where we have seen the peak of cotton prices. 
Resham Jain: 
And the second question is more on the balance sheet side. The debt of close to Rs. 1,800 crore 
odd at the consolidated levels versus Rs. 2,700 crore of cash, are the interest rates quite different 
between the two and that’s why we have more cash and at the same time we have debt as well? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No the debt is generally a long term debt so there we have some subsidies also from the 
government. And the cash availability is one of the offshoot is, because we didn’t buy enough 
cotton so the cash improvement was there. We do not have any working capital debt as such, so 
it’s most of the debt which is there in the book is the long term debt which is the debenture as 
well as some long terms loans from the bank or maybe the working capital would be under the 
export packing credit which is definitely at a much lower price. 
Resham Jain: 
So, most of the debt one can assume will be at a lower interest cost than a normal level or a 
normalized debt --? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Maybe for the term loans, yes, but for the debentures would be at the market price. 
Resham Jain: 
And just one related question here is that because '24, we don’t have a very CAPEX as of today 
and I could see almost 33% of your net worth is in cash right now and that too in the March; 
September this will be further higher given that the inventory level may not be very large at that 
point of time. So, how do you think because your ROEs are getting depressed significantly 
because of this, one-third of your net worth in cash, not into earning anything into from a 
business perspective, how do you think about this? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Two things, on the second part, I am also, I am in agreement with you that one-third of the net 
worth is not into the business, so the earning will keep depressing for sure. But the concern or 
the question is whether we should keep investing without having a comfort on the business 
scenario, which I am sure it’s only, it’s not that we are not going to expand, it’s only matter of 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
time and we want to wait and pause for a little better time. And I think definitely there are plans. 
So, the expansion could happen, if not in '24 maybe '25 or so. 
Second, our March numbers and September numbers there is not going to be any reduction in 
the September numbers from this, because in any case March also we have one of the lowest 
inventories. Normally March inventory is much higher, this year our inventory is so low that 
September or March is not going to make any much of different to us. 
Resham Jain: 
Because, you will keep adding profitability to this number next year as well. So, how would you 
think about, because even if you do CAPEX let’s say in the next two years the amount of CAPEX 
will not be like Rs. 3,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore. And your early cash generation itself will be 
like closer to more than whatever number it might be Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 1,300 crore, Rs. 1,400 
crore, whatever that number might be. But will you be doing CAPEX beyond that number also 
in future and that’s why you are keeping such a high level of cash? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I mean it all depends upon the opportunities for example last year we were very comfortable 
with the opportunities and we already announced almost 300,00 spindles together. So, I think 
once the business model becomes normal or maybe we have comfort, why not look at whatever 
we have announced we may implement it also in a one go. 
Number two, whatever extra cash is available, part of that cash has to be utilized for the purchase 
of raw cotton as well. Because this year our inventory has really at a very marginal so that’s why 
this is showing this kind of cash position, but if you look at our normal years, probably Rs. 1,000 
or maybe Rs. 1,200 crore of additional raw material would have been there so the cash position 
would not have been that kind of situation which is showing today. But yes your question is 
valid, concern is valid, we are also concerned about the same. And I feel personally maybe once 
this situation becomes normal, there could be a little better or a little aggressive expansion won’t 
happen in our company as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Regarding the farmer thing, just wanted to know that yield per hectare of cotton in India is very 
low. So, what are the main reasons for it and could there be some sort of arrangements wherein 
we procure seeds for farmers and then we get the output some sort of arrangement like that. So, 
it would solve both of the problems, because throughput will increase and at the same point of 
time we are also supporting the cotton ecosystem. 
Neeraj Jain: 
If we look at the reason for the cotton lower yield 1) farms are very fragmented, it’s a very, very 
small size of the farming. I mean there to give you an idea, if India has 34 million bales there 
are almost more than 6 million farmers who are doing the farming of cotton. So, on an average, 
one farmer has only 5 bales, so that’s the kind of size we are talking about. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
2) Our seed which is available in the system is very old, and the new seeds are not available in 
India. As a result of that the yields are also low. 
3) We still not have an entire irrigated area, so there is lots of area which are still rain fed so 
that’s also a reason where if the rain is insufficient or higher, the crop gets damaged. 
So, the biggest season would be the very small farm size, as a result of that the crop cultivation 
and the second is the seed, because of which we are not in a position to do that. Having said that 
procuring seeds and I mean for us our annual consumption is almost 15 lakh bales. If I want to 
look at that we buy seed and we get a farming done, probably I require to work with 300,000 
farmers, three lakh farmers which won’t be possible for any company to do that. 
Akshay Kothari: 
But that is on average, three lakh famers which you have come up with the figure --? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Even if it is 1000, 2000, 5,000, 10,000 that is not our cup of tea. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Is there any plan for the government where they will, they are trying to replace these old seeds 
meaning what is the status? 
Neeraj Jain: 
They have already constituted a committee under Mr. Suresh Kotak who is working on all these 
ideas. So, I think those discussions they already have a couple of meetings with the government. 
But I think whenever the final move will be taken by the Textile Ministry then it will go to the 
Ministry of Agriculture, if they approved and normally it is said, whenever a new seed is 
approved they will be doing the experimentation and it generally takes about three years for the 
commercialization of a new seed, whenever they decide. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarad from Indian Institute of Management, 
Kozhikode. Please go ahead. 
Sarad: 
I just wanted to understand what has been our realization per kg of yarn for this quarter as well 
as on a year-on-year basis? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, in this period the average market price has been in the range of about $3.30 for 30s combed. 
Last year was almost $4.50 cents. 
Sarad: 
Do you see any improvement in this average realization over the next quarters? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Very difficult to say, first we have to continue utilizing the full capacity, once that happens the 
margin improvement can happen only after that. And this has been a period where all the mills 
are aiming to utilize the capacity only. So, I mean if the overall demand improves in terms of all 
these segments definitely the yarn would also start improving, but till the time we are looking at 
knitting as I had mentioned earlier also, the knitting, denim, weaving every segment is working 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
only at about 70% utilization. In that scenario is won’t be possible for improve or increase the 
yarn prices alone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhineet Anand from Emkay Global Financial 
Service. Please go ahead. 
Abhineet Anand: 
I just wanted to understand today if we have to put up a capacity what could be the lead time for 
that? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Normally it is about 12 months or so. 
Abhineet Anand: 
So, in between there was issues around supply constraints right so all those are eased out today? 
Neeraj Jain: 
As of now it’s totally ease out, because there is no one was who is giving any new orders so 
most of the machinery vendors they are just supplying the older orders they had booked. But as 
of now there is definitely, they haven’t got any orders in last six months or so, till the time since 
this situation has deteriorated. So, as of now it’s quite eased out. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Secondly, I mean as you have been highlight that the margin is not that -- to put the plants and 
all. And you did adhere to two other sentences, one was that we might go for expansion in year 
of '25 and '26, I mean is it cursory remark or something one should read into it? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I think I have been very consistent in my saying earlier also, till the time we are very sure of the 
raw cotton prices are aligned to the world market, it doesn’t make sense for any Indian spinner 
to expand on a commercial basis. The moment we are comfortable that our problem or the overall 
demand is less there is no issue. We are also facing the same, the other fellow is also facing the 
same, no problems at all. But if our cotton prices are higher in India, then we can’t compete. So, 
I would like to wait till the time the resolution happens on those things and the moment we are 
comfortable then we will expand it, right. If that doesn’t happen, then we are not going to expand 
in a big way, because that will be having a basic question mark on the viability of the business. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And today also we think there is a 10% to 15% differential in premium Indian cotton -- today 
also -- 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes, at least $0.10 cents. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And the other sentence that you used during the talk was, once these concerns are addressed, I 
mean we might have an aggressive CAPEX plan. If you can just, let’s assume, it’s a hypothetical 
thing, let’s assume this the whole differential goes to just 2% to 3% which has been earlier there, 
so from here, 1.3 million spindles do you think that in the medium term we will add very large 
number to it, I am just talking about 3 years perspective. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, what I mentioned the aggressiveness would be and we have already announced 300,000 
spindles expansion. We might start looking at why not to expand in two years time and all those 
things. 
Abhineet Anand: 
The three lakh that you talked about one lakh we have already done right? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, another 2.5 lakh was announced so maybe 2.5 to 3 lakhs would be another expansion which 
could be undertaken. 
Abhineet Anand: 
So, when things ease out, this can be a plan that one can --? 
Neeraj Jain: 
This could be a plan in my person view, but of course the company has to take a view, but 
definitely I feel if the opportunity is there we are having the right margin, company is having 
lots of cash and the opportunities are there, why not to expand it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Just wanted to understand the demand in the blended yarn so how is the profitability in cotton 
versus blended yarn? And is there a long-term demand for blended being better, because of 
cotton being volatile like this? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Surely the blended demand is better. People are moving towards more and more polyester based 
or viscose based products as well. And if we look at the consumption pattern of both viscose and 
polyester it’s increasing in India. As of now the margins are comparable whether its cotton yarn 
or blended yarn, because the same spindles can produce anything we want to. And the moment 
someone looks at, oh there is a slightly better margin in a particular segment everyone will start 
producing that and again the margin in that segment will also be coming down. 
So, as of now whether it’s blended yarn or its cotton yarn, the margins are comparable, but 
definitely I feel or I find the overall improvement increase in terms of demand on the blended is 
improving. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And profitability is better in blended is what you are saying right now? 
Neeraj Jain: 
No, as of now I said, it’s totally comparable. And even in the best of the times it will be 
comparable only, because the moment people find cotton yarn is better, they will start producing 
cotton yarn; the moment they find blended is better they start to divert more capacity on that. 
So, in terms of profitability there is not going to be much difference between cotton yarn and 
blended yarn, because the same spindle, same capacity can produce anything you want to. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Oh, is that fungible? 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Jet Age Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Another question on the same line, why do you think that our cotton prices are not getting aligned 
with the international cotton prices as they should? 
Neeraj Jain: 
For a simple reason, we can’t import today and the farmer is starved because of the import duty 
on cotton and the farmer is holding on to this. 
Falguni Dutta: 
But this duty, I am not aware of that, so just pardon me for that. Is this duty a new one or it was 
there already? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, this duty was put in, in the budget of 2021, so there is a 11% custom duty on import of cotton 
so this was put in, in 2021. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Then this situation doesn’t seem like to be resolving, right, how will it resolve itself? 
Neeraj Jain: 
The only way to resolve is the government takes it back, if they want to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital Advisors 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Taking the cue from one of the participants earlier, given the fact that this year we are --; go 
ahead on our CAPEX plan and that is also causing us to like maintain some high levels of cash, 
even after assuming the working capital situation improving by getting to higher inventory. Why 
can’t we look at improving our balance sheet by looking at a buyback which we last did in 
2016/2017. Basically, I think that will rate over business on a balance sheet basis far more robust 
and so that improvement will be there at least for the shareholders. So, what’s your view on that? 
Neeraj Jain: 
I think I am not the right person to answer on that, definitely I can relate your feeling to the 
Board of Directors, but probably on the operational side I can only answer those questions and 
this question I can discuss or I can maybe convey to the Board, what about your view on this. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
And secondly -- Rs. 1000 odd crores of increase, cotton could have been bought. I was observing 
that -- already, obviously our size has increased, but still our inventory is at some Rs. 2400 crores 
odd, is not really less, but you still feel that higher inventory levels would be required. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes, of course yes, because normally 31st March our inventory is for about 7 months to 8 months 
period. So, as of now we only had I think about 60 days or so. So, maybe another Rs. 1000 
crores, had it been a normal year, I would have added another Rs. 1000 crores of inventory. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Any possibility of further improvement in our debtor management system? The debtor days 
which had actually gone up earlier, but that was obviously because of the COVID and other 
issues --; so we have like further improved. But any possibilities of further improvement there? 
Neeraj Jain: 
We do all the exports under letter of credit and normally in the spinning business, the terms of 
the letter of credit are 90 days to 120 days usance though it is covered by the letter of credit, but 
still technically it is shown as debtor till the time finally money, though we may get it discounted 
also but at the same time the accounting entry will get readjusted only once we get the final 
payment through our Nostro account. So, technically that is debtors only because it’s a 120 days 
of LC. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
I was thinking that given the fact that this year the organization’s focus would actually not be 
occupied by the expansion which typically we do. So, how else could the efficiencies or 
improvements be brought in any thoughts on that, because I am sure you must be thinking on 
those lines. So, if something of that sort would be shared with us that will be very useful. 
Neeraj Jain: 
First and foremost our priority is to keep running the full capacities. Situation is not normal, 
most of the value added segments are running at about 70%, which means the spinning should 
run at about 70% to 75%. So, whosoever is aggressive, whosoever finds the customer, 
whosoever is in a position to deliver products to the customers in the right time and give right 
service, with the variety of products, I think that’s the key to success. 
So, this is the time where the entire focus is i) first to run the capacities. 
ii) Within the system whatever is the efficiency, productivity or any improvement possibilities 
to do that. 
iii) Whenever the segments and markets are bad, the customer becomes very choosy. So, in 
terms of servicing them because they want immediate orders, nobody gives, normally most of 
the times normal --; I have lots of orders which are good for 6 months or 8 months, today is the 
time where no customer wants to place an order more than 30 days or 40 days. How do you 
make those changes and keep supplying them. 
So, those are very different challenges, because nobody is comfortable with the business model, 
nobody knows what is happening tomorrow so everyone wants just in time. I think it’s a different 
word as of now. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Last question, I was looking at our production and sales data we observed that our fabric 
production sales were like significantly lower compared to the last year, and during the call you 
also mentioned that the margin on the fabric side is actually higher and anyone who instead of 
mélange sales the fabric, will make better margins. So, nobody is better than our company in 
efficiency and in this thing, then why is there a drop in fabric sales and production? 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Neeraj Jain: 
Yes so I think this has been a period where definitely because of the lull in the market, the 
volumes have come down. So, it’s not only that we were looking at a higher margins only so 
that’s why the capacity utilization we couldn’t do. Capacity utilization in any case has been on 
a lower side because of the lower demand. The margins improved by default because the yarn 
prices kept coming down so their margins improved in this period. 
If you look at increasing yarn prices, always the fabric margin comes down because we  had 
booked the orders and by the time they deliver it, the yarn prices have gone up. And this is a 
reversal of the case, where the margins have improved better, because the yarn prices kept 
coming down, wherever they book it for 3 or 4 months, and by the time they deliver the market 
prices of yarn are on a lower side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Systematix Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Gajaria: 
The revenue, just wanted to check, what is the revenue split for yarn and fabric segment for 
FY23? 
Neeraj Jain: 
Sorry, we do not share that separately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Kumar Sharma, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
My question is, how much we are exporting to China and Bangladesh? 
Second question is under Textile PLI Scheme, are we thinking on those lines and what are the 
guidelines, any light on that, PLI scheme for Textile? 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, Bangladesh, China are significant markets for India. Of course China past 6 months has been 
very silent, but they have started coming back again. So, China in the overall volume of things 
is almost 25% of the Indian consumption, which of course in this period has been less. 
Bangladesh is definitely bigger, almost 35% capacity of spinning goes to Bangladesh only. So, 
our ratios would also be aligned to that. 
Two, on the PLI, PLI is basically for the 100% synthetic products, there we haven’t applied 
anything under this PLI schemes so there is no plan for us to go in for a 100% synthetic fabric 
base business. So, we will not have any advantage of PLI. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
Technical textile we are not thinking on those lines? 
Neeraj Jain: 
We are not in the technical textile, so our fabric business is only apparel fabric. 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
Yes, we are not thinking on those lines, okay. 
Neeraj Jain: 
We are not thinking and in case for the PLI you have to have separate company, because you 
can’t do it in the same company so there are different conditions that the government has put in 
and we did not find it really suitable from our perspective. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
My last question is, do you think that in the second half, after October, what is, though it is not 
clear now, but do you think that our margins will be in the range of, we can think of this 18% or 
say 15% to 18% margin in the second half? 
Neeraj Jain: 
See my personal feeling is, going by what is happening today the demand has slowly started 
coming back to the bulk markets. As I mentioned some segment are showing improvement and 
also every segment from the worst is better. So, as things pass, I think we will be stocking with 
whatever, whosoever has, we will also keep finishing and people will start coming for the 
buying. Third, if we look at the U.S. interest rates, it’s almost like, it looks like it’s peaked up 
and now it’s only the stability or the traction will happen. If you look at the energy prices in 
Europe it is definitely lower than the peak which it touched and slowly it is also readjusting to 
the current prices. 
Having said all these things, it looks like definitely once the demand starts coming in the 
normalcy in business happens, surely the improvement in every segment of the business would 
happen, which is kind of an exception in this period of last 6 months. So, if you ask me 
personally, I am definitely buoyant, during September/October our wool cotton will also be 
coming in so I hope at that time the prices will also get readjusted and once the demand is there, 
then why not the improvement happen, should happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anik Mitra from Finartha. Please go ahead. 
Anik Mitra: 
Like in the system we are exporting yarn globally mainly China or Bangladesh, whatever. Now 
my question is, during the period, when Indian cotton prices are quoting higher than international 
prices or maybe in line with the international prices and when the consumer is getting better 
quality U.S. cotton, better quality U.S. yarn, cotton yarn along with Indian cotton than why 
international consumers are procuring Indian cotton, Indian yarn, because one thing here, that 
Indian spinners are still making some money out of it. So, my question is, why then Indian 
cottons are procured by international consumers. 
Neeraj Jain: 
The customer has all kind of products where some products where the customer doesn’t want 
contamination at all. So, their preference will be to buy the yarn made out of Australian or 
American cotton only, because there is no contamination. And customer generally fix a price for 
that based on the international prices of New York future or the American cotton. The same 
customer has lots of products which will be used for the darker colors products or where the 
contamination could be acceptable. So, he is buying the Indian yarn, but at the same time, his 

 
Vardhman Textiles Limited 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
price benchmark is lower than the contamination free yarn, that’s what he is doing. So, why 
would he pay a premium on something where he can use the contaminated cotton, he will not 
buy the American cotton for that. So, for American cotton whatever is the price there will be a 
discount compared to that for the contaminated cotton, cotton yarn made out of contaminated 
cotton, that’s what it is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing remarks. 
Neeraj Jain: 
So, I think definitely there is an improvement in the numbers in the business compared to where 
we were 3rd Quarter. But as I mentioned next 3 to 5 months could be again a rollercoaster where 
all our efforts are to utilize the full capacity and keep serving the customer because whatever is 
happening today maybe our cotton prices are higher or lower but it’s only a temporary phase 
and eventually I think the readjustment would happen, if not today maybe 6 months down the 
line or so and so on. In the meantime we can’t lose our customers so we have to really ensure 
the long term viability or the long term advantages which we have created should not be 
compromised with. So, that’s where our thought is to keep delivering or to keep serving our 
customers with whatever products they require so that we can retain them or we can continue to 
build our better relations. 
So, as I mentioned, our first efforts was to keep using the almost full capacity, which we are 
doing it as of now and all efforts are on that. Secondly is also in terms of increasing fabric 
utilization also. And third is that whatever ideas we have for improvement in the internal 
efficiencies and all --. 
i) So, whatever one is the retaining the customers which is a long term kind of thing. 
ii) We are also not compromising anything on our modernization base, you know that’s 
something which is advantage which the organization create for a longer period of time. So, even 
in the worst of the times our modernization process is continuing. And I am sure whatever 
advantages we have created over this last many years will continue to do the same. And as the 
business will keep improving, as the things becomes stable I am sure the business will also 
improve. 
So, I thank everyone of you for having the patience remaining with the company. And I can 
ensure you from the management’s perspective we are doing our level best and I am sure as the 
situation improves our company number would also be aligned or will be improving accordingly. 
So, thank you very much and good day to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
