 
 
 
Date: February 14, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Ref.: BSE Scrip Code No. “540743” 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
 
Ref.: “GODREJAGRO” 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on February 9, 2023 
 
 
Ref. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing obligations and 
disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference call of Godrej Agrovet Limited with the Investors 
and Analysts held on Thursday, February 9, 2023. 
 
The aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company viz., www.godrejagrovet.com. 
 
Please take the same on your records 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Agrovet Limited 
 
Vivek Raizada 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS - 11787)  
VIVEK PRITAMLAL 
RAIZADA
Digitally signed by VIVEK PRITAMLAL RAIZADA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400064, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=MUMBAI, 
l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=822cdf346a33a6951367aba2705ab403bbdd9d33043f3
7472c57bc25558972e9, 
pseudonym=df7d975da33646078f9388fab564e1ea, 
2.5.4.20=6a68da654a04537b281c4d522941035b9dc1a251034061b3fe
a77e1da43b8a28, email=VPRAIZADA@YAHOO.COM, cn=VIVEK 
PRITAMLAL RAIZADA 
Date: 2023.02.14 17:21:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Godrej Agrovet Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SUMANT KUMAR – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NADIR GODREJ – CHAIRMAN - GODREJ AGROVET 
LIMITED 
MR. BALRAM S YADAV – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. S. VARADARAJ– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
GODREJ AGROVET LIMITED 
MR. ANURAG ROY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
ASTEC LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call for 
Godrej Agrovet hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Kumar! 
Sumant Kumar: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Godrej Agrovet 3Q FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. From the company we have with us Mr. Nadir Godrej - 
Chairman of the company; Mr. Balram S Yadav – Managing Director; Mr. S. Varadaraj – 
CFO; and Mr. Anurag Roy – CEO of Astec LifeSciences. We would like to begin the call 
with a brief opening remarks from the management following which we will have the forum 
open for the interactive question and answer session. Before we start I would like to point 
out that some statements made during today’s call maybe forward looking and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. I would 
now like to invite Mr. Nadir Godrej to make the initial remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Nadir Godrej: 
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to the Godrej Agrovet Earnings Call. I hope 
and wish you are doing well. Godrej Agrovet continued to report a healthy topline growth 
of 12% in Q3 FY2023 and 17% in the nine months of FY2023 year-on-year. Most of our 
businesses maintained robust growth in volumes; however, profitability was impacted due 
to adverse sector specific macro conditions, unfavorable commodity price movement, and 
limited transmission of input cost inflation. During the quarter we successfully sold land 
situated at Ambattur, Tamil Nadu, and the profit net of expenses of 68.4 Crores has been 
included in other income for Q3 FY2023 and nine months FY2023. 
 
Coming to the key financial and business highlights of each of our business segments. In 
animal feed we achieved the highest ever quarterly volumes in Q3 FY2023 recording a 7% 
year-on-year volume growth. The volume growth was mainly led by market share gains in 
the cattle feed category as we further cemented our dominant position in the western region. 
On the margin front also, the animal feed segment was able to sustain sequential recovery in 
EBIT per metric ton from Rs.1,381 in Q2 to 1,507 in Q3. Our vegetable oil segment 
registered 13% growth in Fresh Fruit Bunch volumes in Q3 FY2023; however, the average 
realization of crude palm oil and palm kernel oil declined from last year’s high base by 24% 
and 26% respectively in Q3 FY2023. As a result, segment profitability declined year-on-
year. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
During the quarter, we signed a MoU with the state government of Nagaland for 
development and promotion of oil palm cultivation. The standalone crop protection 
business revenues more than doubled in Q3 FY2023 driven by higher sales of in-licensed 
products mainly Gracia, and lower returns as compared to the previous year. Profitability 
also improved in Q3 FY2023 as compared to the previous year. Business maintained its 
steadfast focus on credit hygiene and achieved further improvement in working capital. 
 
For Astec LifeSciences Q3 was a very challenging quarter as performance was impacted 
due to demand headwinds and pricing correction. Business was impacted on account of 
high inventories and reduced realization from last year’s high base. Contract manufacturing 
performance, however, was in line with our expectation. 
 
The poultry segment recorded strong growth in topline as well as profitability. Revenues 
grew by 38% year-on-year with EBITDA margin of 6.3% in Q3 FY2023 led by robust 
volumes and branded categories coupled with the recovery in live bird prices. Real Good 
Chicken (RGC) and Yummiez achieved volume growth of 45% and 46% year-on-year 
respectively. 
 
The dairy segment sustained volume growth in both value-added products and milk 
volumes was offset by a continued rise in milk procurement prices. Revenues grew by 21% 
year-on-year in Q3 FY2023 led by 22% growth in value added product. Salience of value-
added products portfolio was at 32% of the total sales in the nine months FY2023. 
Profitability continued to be impacted by limited transmission of rising procurement prices. 
 
GAVL’s joint venture in Bangladesh ACI Godrej recorded revenue growth of 31% year-on-
year in Q3 driven by a combination of higher realization and volume growth. That 
concludes our business and financial performance updates for the quarter. With this I close 
my opening remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have a 
question from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Hi! Sir, I just have one question on margins within the feed segment. Given that soymeal 
prices have corrected quite significantly, what is hurting our margin recovery as such? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I must tell you that particularly shrimp and poultry feed both layer and broiler, there is a 
shrinkage in the market size, but we still are growing and our market share is growing. Just 
because there is a little bit of intense competition the transmission of increased raw material 
costs had not been fully transmitted so we can see a little bit of price competition amongst 
the players, but my sense is that the margin recovery will start probably towards the end of 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
this quarter when the rapeseed etc., is available and we see a further drop in raw material 
cost. So, I think I do not see that is happening in next three to four weeks, but definitely in 
six weeks’ time things will start improving in the animal feed business and I must also tell 
you that we have a single-minded focus of going in for more and more volume growth that 
is more and more market share. In several markets where we were in three and fourth in 
positions we have come to one or two in several segments and I think we have the initiative. 
In case we are able to wait for the margin for a quarter or two, I can definitely say that we 
will register a double-digit growth in coming quarters in the animal feed business. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Within feed it should be a blend of like let us say soybean etc. so the grain prices being 
again is that inflationary pressure zone what are you from this blend of three how are you 
seeing the margins actually on each of them turning around? 
Balram S Yadav: 
My sense is that a blended margin will continue to be close to about Rs.1500 whatever we 
got in Q3. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Within our palm oil business we have seen some shrinkage in our extraction ratio any 
particular reason for that? 
Balram S Yadav: 
A lot of work has happened in production process, in handling, and I think there is a lot of 
efficiency which has been built up across the supply chain. So starting with now we have 
supervisors who tell the farmers when to harvest and that also helps us in scheduling the 
arrival of fruits in the factory so that they are put in the mill within few hours unlike 
previous times when the fruit would have to wait on ramps for about 12 to 18 hours before 
being processed. So, it is the entire supply chain efficiency plus some improvements in our 
production process, which has resulted in this improvement in OER and I must say that the 
major improvement has already happened so you would not see such quantum jumps in 
future, but marginally there is a scope of continuously improving OER for the next few 
years because of improved practices, improved germplasm, and improved supply chain. 
S Varadaraj: 
I would add that on a quarter-on-quarter basis there would be some minor variations in 
OER because of oil content in the fruits. So those minor variations should be there, but 
overall one should see annually. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Keeping the palm prices apart we have seen that our volume growth has been quite 
handsome how do you guide the volume growth going forward and where do we stand 
today in terms of acreage and any potential additions because of this Nagaland approval so 
any light on growth part, volume part of the palm oil business, that is my last question? 
Thank you. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Balram S Yadav: 
Let me tell you something futuristic that not only Nagaland we have MoUs in place with 
Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram, and we are likely to get more allocations in 
Assam, apart from that Tamil Nadu, and Odisha have also renewed their program, so we are 
in a massive expansion mode as far as our nursery is concerned and say a year ago we had a 
nursery of about 1 million seedlings. Today we have nursery capacity of 2.5 million 
seedlings that will result in area expansion of close to 10000 to 12000 hectares per annum 
up from 3000, 4000 hectares, which used to happen in last few years including this year. So, 
I think NMEO-OP scheme is doing whatever it is required to do and there is a huge focus of 
state and central government in this space so that is point number one. Point number two is 
that we are also very worried about this volatility of oil price so there have been certain 
investments made by us to insulate this business as much as possible, so we have set up a 
400 ton refinery, so that we are able to refine the oil and increase the shelf life of that oil so 
that there is no particular pressure on us to sell on daily basis because CPO develops FFA 
then CPO goes at a discount to the market price if FFA is higher and we have also set up a 
solvent extraction plant of 100 TPD mainly for certain byproducts which come out of this 
process and we will extract more oil and make them usable for the animal feed business. So 
I think that these initiatives will continue, there are several other initiatives where we 
convert wealth from waste and I think that will continue. From our sense is that in a year’s 
time significant part, when I say significant part almost 25% to 30% of our profits will 
come from allied activities other than oil sales so I think that is the effort. Regarding the 
prices I cannot say much. Mr. Godrej would you like to give some guidance on CPO prices. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Yes. We do expect that CPO prices will rise a little bit but not very much. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay Sir, got that. Thank you so much for answering my question and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thanks for taking my question. Just a few from my side. One is on the 
crop protection business including Astec, if you could please just talk about your outlook 
for how that business is expected to perform given the inventory glut that seems to be 
underway across a lot of the world? Thank you. 
Balram S Yadav: 
I will request Mr. Anurag to talk about Astec first then I will brief you about the crop 
protection business. 
Anurag Roy: 
For Astec as you might have seen the numbers we have experienced significant headwinds 
particularly in Q3 because of the muted domestic demand and the price erosion in the 
export market so that is how our Q3 was, so we are seeing some uptick in the market for 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
supply demand situation to balance out for most of our Enterprise Products, but that uptick 
pace is relatively lower than what we have seen last year. So, we continue to have very 
cautious next few months to meet the volatility coming in from the macros and we continue 
to focus on producing highest efficiency products, and strategic sourcing. So that is in brief 
the outlook on Astec at least for the next three to four months and I will turn it over to Mr. 
Yadav to talk about CPB. 
Balram S Yadav: 
So, I think CPB has been a mixed bag this year, if you ask me our performance as far as this 
year is concerned there is no problem in the topline growth, etc., and we have been 
extremely cautious not to get into that debtor and inventory track. Now our big problem has 
been a little bit of hygiene, which is a hangover of last two years of monsoon failure and 
COVID during our main months April, May, June, July, in both the years, and I think that 
cleanup has the significant part of the dent which has come in profitability. So my sense is 
that from this quarter onwards you will see things going up. I must also say that we are very 
encouraged by the huge success of Gracia and Hitweed this year. Hitweed and Hitweed 
Max plan for nine months was 105 Crores it is now 183 Crores, and nine months Gracia 
plan was 47 crores and we have done already 150 Crores. So, I think that portfolio choices 
have been made whatever was supposed to be provided have been provided in spite of the 
fact that we believe that some part of it we will definitely recover in the coming quarters, 
but for good order’s sake we have provided so that we do not continue with them. The team 
has also been changed so I think all these things which were required to transform this 
division has been done and you will see a very, very big improvement in the performance in 
coming quarters and I think we should get back to our normal PBT levels, which used to be 
for last several years in this business. 
Abhijit Akella: 
On the standalone business basically I guess we are implying that the upcoming year will be 
significantly better in terms of margins particularly. On Astec if you could share your 
thoughts on how you see the industry shaping up, do you see these challenges persisting for 
some indefinite amount of time in the future or will be more of a transient passing phase? 
Anurag Roy: 
For Astec what we have seen is clearly there were host of factors that led to weakening of 
margins and volumes particularly in Q3. One was the erratic weather conditions across the 
globe, which we spoke about in the previous calls as well. Then China has also become 
extremely aggressive particularly in the export market one because of their dual control 
policy in China has also been relaxed and they also have seen weakening in demand in the 
internal China market. So there have been two or three of these factors that has significantly 
contributed to weakening of volumes and margins, and so far a few of the product portfolio 
which we have we are still seeing an overcapacity or huge price competition from China, 
but for the other we are clearly seeing that the supply demand balance is about to be reached 
or we are already see those products reaching the supply demand balance. So I would say 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
that the situation is temporary, it should have turned around a little bit quicker, but as we 
currently see that it might take few more months before some of the balance in the market 
both from the supply and demand side would be achieved and then hopefully our margins 
and our profitability would be back on track. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. Thank you that is helpful. Also, just on the oil palm business a quick bookkeeping 
question is it possible to share the volumes for this quarter as well as YTD? 
S Varadaraj: 
This quarter we had an FFB arrival of around 159000 metric ton, which is almost a 10% 
growth over the same quarter last year. 
Balram S Yadav: 
The area added is double of almost last year we did about 1800 now we have done about 
3300 hectares. 
Abhijit Akella: 
OER remains in the range of 18%, is that right? 
Balram S Yadav: 
OER for the quarter is close to 20%. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just one last thing from my side was actually on the Bangladesh business where also 
margins seem to have declined quite substantially so expect these price controls to continue 
in the foreseeable future, and how do we see margins progressing in that business? 
Balram S Yadav: 
To tell you something about Bangladesh their import dependence on food is very high and 
for our sector also if you ask me almost 70% of the feed ingredients are imported and there 
the currency is depreciating almost every month so I think that country is in a little bit of fix 
and that is why just to make sure that there are almost 18 Crores, 19 Crores population is 
secured, they have brought in price controls and lot of essential food commodities. So I am 
saying that, that is part of the game there and I must tell you the kind of hit we have had is 
that if you see our contribution in FY2022 in poultry feed was about Rs.2375 and nine 
months of FY2023 it is negative of Rs.1123 and I must say that the call of the government I 
think all the industries including all feed companies have cooperated with whatever 
government has said. My sense is that now they have acceded to most of the demands of 
IMF and they are likely to get I think a lot of relief from IMF and we are seeing the first 
signs of removal of price controls in some commodities. So my sense is I think that not in 
next few weeks but I think by April or May I think it will be a business as usual for 
Bangladesh unless and until a global recession sets in and I think they suffer as the 
economy because a lot of their foreign exchanges because of garments to western world and 
remittances from the western world. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just to clarify you mentioned the contribution has turned negative, contribution margin and 
yet we are seeing positive income from associates so how do we reconcile those two? 
Balram S Yadav: 
It is negative only in a particular segment. In cattle feed, etc. there is no control and cattle 
and aqua is almost two third of our business where we are getting very good and if you see 
nine months profit is about 26 Crores that is 52 Crores because it is a 50:50 JV so it is 
already there, but I am saying that had there been no price control we should have been 
close to almost 100 Crores. 
Abhijit Akella: 
I am sorry if you will permit just one last thing from me. It is on the portfolio management 
side so we have indicated some sort of thoughts in the past of we are trying to restructure 
our overall business portfolio to sort of make it more efficient, etc., so if you could 
comment on that and maybe also particularly touch upon the crop protection side whether 
you see both Astec and the standalone business remaining separate or would there be some 
merit in considering a combination of the two at some point what your thoughts on that? 
Thank you so much. 
Balram S Yadav: 
I think if you see our past as a group investing in harvesting is part and parcel of our 
business. So, I think buying and selling and noncore, core, etc., is something which we 
always continue to look at. So I think in case there is an opportunity which is not there right 
now because I think most of our businesses are under external challenges and I think not a 
great time to probably look for any kind of consolidation, but I must say that definitely we 
will be and it is always on the table for us to review these things. Since you have asked 
about the Astec LifeSciences question I think we have put to rest the discussion that we will 
ever merge CPB and Astec it is not going to be there. We are just going to commission in 
six to eight weeks’ time a state-of-art R&D center, which will launch us into CDMO and 
one of the requirements of CDMO is that it should have the ability of operating 
independently because I think a lot of confidential work happens and a lot of confidence of 
our associates and our partners will come from Astec being independent. So we have 
understood it very clearly, I think we appointed consultants to understand that in greater 
depth and I can assure you that Astec LifeSciences will continue to be an independent 
company. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you so much. That is very helpful and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Hi! Team, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is to Anurag. Anurag couple of 
things, one is CDMO second-half is usually better how is that trending in this year, also if 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
you could call out what kind of price erosion has happened for the enterprise product and 
more specifically for the two products that we have a good amount of revenues coming 
from Tebuconazole, and Propiconazole, if you could specifically call out what kind of 
erosion has happened, is there inventories which are still built up at customers end and for 
the base business what is the normalized margin range that we should think for 2024? 
Anurag Roy: 
I think there are three, four questions here. So, I will first talk about the CDMO business. 
So as Mr. Balram was also highlighting for Astec LifeSciences we clearly understand that 
in our current product portfolio on the enterprise side there is a huge amount of volatility 
and threat from China’s aggressiveness quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year. So in terms of 
our future strategy clearly the focus has been on the CDMO part of business so that we can 
ensure sustainable and profitable growth year-on-year and that we would kick start once our 
R&D is coming on board in a big way. In terms of our performance on CDMO we stay very 
much on track, if you see our numbers last year we were roughly around 84 or 85 Crores on 
CDMO revenues and we plan to almost double it this year and that is the indication which 
we have given in the previous call as well and year-on-year we plan to maintain healthy 
30% to 50% growth on our CDMO business as we are seeing a strong pipeline of enquiries 
building up as are our R&D is also coming on board. Coming back to the question on the 
margin deterioration the last quarter has been we were expecting, as we got into the quarter 
significant margin deterioration, but it deteriorated by more than what we were expecting, 
there were some cancellation of some of the big orders from the customer beginning of the 
quarter that also took us by surprise because there was a lot of inventory buildup primarily 
because of the poor kharif season in the domestic market and you would have seen that 
degrowth in the domestic business in the last quarter and then two particularly on one of our 
key zole products while we do not give product wise indication on the margin, but as you 
talked about Tebuconazole on that product if you just see the price erosion that has 
happened over the last 6 to 8 months we are seeing a price erosion of high of almost $22 to 
$23 price of Tebuconazole coming down to less than $9, and there has been an overcapacity 
situation from the China, there has been muted demand, which all is contributing to 
significant pricing pressure. So, we are observing these trends and the aggression from the 
China relaxation of dual control policy, and we are going forward with the preparation that 
for some of our zole products will continue to see these margin threat, and hence our 
strategy to quickly diversify and expand into CDMO business. So the sooner we get there 
the more we would be immune to these kind of volatility in the margin, but talking 
specifically on these zole products we still feel that it is a temporary supply demand 
imbalance, change in strategy or competitiveness from China and there has been some high 
cost inventory buildup from our side as well which will all start to ease out and we will start 
seeing some uptick in the coming months as we move forward even on these products, but 
at a broad level our vision or our strategy is very clear that we want to immune from these 
volatility by quickly increasing the share of the CDMO business in our overall revenue. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Aejas Lakhani: 
That is helpful. Anurag, could you call out the nine months number for CDMO and base 
business, what kind of margin range should we expect for 2024 or it is too early to call it 
out? 
Anurag Roy: 
Nine months CDMO revenue numbers are already there around 93 Crores that is where we 
are and enterprises 407 so as I mentioned for CDMO whatever indication for the year we 
have given, we are well on track on achieving that number. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Balram Sir one question to you. You mentioned at the start of the call that in the 
animal feeds business you are expecting the Rs.1.5 per kilo to sort of continue you did not 
quantify the duration for that so are you expecting that for the subsequent quarter and also 
in the AF business you mentioned the point that there has been a shrinkage of market size 
for poultry and shrimp, is that something which is just a temporary blip or is there 
something that we should read into further and when do we expect to go back to that 5% to 
6% range from a needed perspective in that segment? 
Balram S Yadav: 
Let me talk about poultry first, I think poultry has gone through some tough times and that 
is why the population has come down and it is a cyclical business, so I will not be very 
surprised if poultry market is back once the prices rise, which will happen in the next few 
months. So my sense is that we will be back to poultry growth by, I am not talking about 
poultry feed, I am talking about poultry growth by September, October this year because 
that is why this season will start. So having said that, but we will continue to go for more 
and more volumes in poultry segment and increase our market share. As far as margins are 
concerned I think that margins will continue at the same levels at least for next two quarters 
Q4 and Q1. The reason being that these are off season for most of our raw materials and the 
kind of price competition we are seeing it is highly unlikely that transmission of all costs 
will be possible and maybe some players going who want to go for volume may drop prices 
also. As far as shrimp is concerned the problem is real and as we are unseated by Ecuador 
from our number one position and a shrimp exporter because of a lot of our quality issues, 
etc. Shrimp is going to have tough time unless and until some correction is done. My sense 
is that this decline in the size of the market in shrimp is likely to continue next year also. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, that is very helpful and just one last question on FFB’s. What kind of volume should 
one be thinking about for FY2024 because I think on last call you had said that substantial 
amount should come in from 2025 so could you just call out how volume should be for the 
palm oil? 
Balram S Yadav: 
My sense is that next year also we will see a 10%-12% growth, but FY2025 or FY2026 I 
think in agriculture and particularly horticulture crops things can change by quarter or two 
and in your parlance quarter or two maybe a different financial year also. So the issue is 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
that, that time definitely more and more acres are going to come into production so we 
might see in FY2025-2026 another say 14%-15% jump 2027-2028 all these increases of 
this year will start coming in. So you will see progressively the quantum of jumps 
increasing as we go along because from next year onwards we are very sure that from 3000, 
4000, 5000 hectares per annum our expansion will go to something 10000, 12000 hectares 
per annum, and I have already told you that we have doubled the size of our nursery and 
now we are going to triple it in next six to eight months’ time. So I think that is the 
opportunity which has been created by the central and the state government because of that 
NMEO-OP scheme. So I think that will continue, you must have also read that we have 
already got very good allocations in Telangana, we have asked for more and Telangana 
itself in case the government support continues the way it is will be 10000 hectares per 
annum in case everything fructifies. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, Thanks, I will fall back in queue. 
Balram S Yadav: 
I just wanted to add one point in aqua feed while shrimp looks bleak the fish is the next big 
thing in this country because of renewed support and I think the central government is so 
encouraged by that Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana, which was brought in four 
years ago and 20000 Crores were spent you cannot believe the kind of growth inland 
fisheries have had and that has encouraged them to put another 6000 Crores in the coming 
year. So my sense is that shrimp decline will definitely be compensated by the phenomenal 
growth we will see in fish. The constraints will be hatcheries now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus Capital in the question queue. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, just on the enterprise business in Astec now given that we have spoken about the 
overcapacity in a few products is there any way that over the next one-and-a-half, two years 
we can look at diversifying away from these products given that the competition from 
China will always be there and the margin volatility is likely to continue because of that? 
Anurag Roy: 
Absolutely so that is what I mentioned earlier getting into CDMO is obviously one 
diversification strategy for having a sustainable margins and within the zoles or our product 
portfolio within the enterprise products as well we are working on further diversifying 
looking at few of the products, which could serve us higher margins in the short-term 
duration. So absolutely that is clearly one of the key strategies, which we would be seeing. 
If we see these muted margins in the coming quarter as well. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Secondly in terms of our land acquisition and MPP which was supposed to be starting work 
in this year what is the status of that? 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
S Varadaraj: 
So it is on track and at the right time we will make that announcement. So the review 
process is still on track and the due diligence has been conducted right now and as soon as 
anything is finalized we will inform the stakeholders. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So what will be the capex amount this year when because we had guided for 375 Crores for 
FY2024? 
Balram S Yadav: 
We already are implementing one more plant so that will be commissioned in September of 
this year. 
Anurag Roy: 
I think this is what we mentioned earlier also. So there has already been a herbicide 
expansion plan, which has been taking in Mahad, which we have already started working on 
and that should be up and running by this year September or latest by November, 
December, so that is on track. So the projections for the capex what we have given for this 
year we are on track on implementing that. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, Sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from Incred Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Wanting to know your views on two things broadly and the impact it would have on the 
company if any, one is the use of DDGS so now there is this room of ethanol plants coming 
up ethanol need from grain and the byproduct DDGS is being out going out there is plenty 
which is not there available in all parts of India previously, but what I understand from 
whatever is out there it says the synthesis of DDGS is not possible by everybody to require 
technological advancement by companies so if Godrej looking at it, if Godrej being able to 
synthesize it to use it to a great extent does it matter to Godrej at all? 
Balram S Yadav: 
DDGS is going to be a very welcome thing for the feed industry in this country because it is 
a very good source of protein and it is very competitive also so we would welcome that, but 
I must tell you that when DDGS comes out of this system it has almost 80% moisture and I 
think that there is the biggest cost in DDGS is the energy cost to dry it. Now one of the 
issues which we are seeing with several ethanol plants is that they are not making efforts or 
not investing enough to drive DDGS they just want to get rid of it in a neighboring areas as 
a slurry, which can be directly fed to cattle also of course not that it is the best way to feed 
DDGS, but we definitely will look for opportunities of collaboration where we can co-
invest and get that DDGS in dried form available to us in feed business, but the bottomline 
is that in any combination DDGS is a very welcome change. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Is the part about synthesization true that only the blending will increase only once the 
protein is synthesized that cannot be done in general by everybody? 
Balram S Yadav: 
No, it is not, I am saying once we put a dryer system on other things the rest other thing is 
hand level not a big issue. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
What percentage of DDGS can you mix to your normal feed proportion I think it is only the 
highest in fish feed if I am not wrong? 
Balram S Yadav: 
No, I am saying that fish and poultry and everywhere and high quality cattle feeds also this 
can be used. Now this since it is a very good quality protein definitely it competes with 
other high quality proteins like fish meal in aqua feeds and soya bean in aqua feeds and 
poultry feeds. So I think at different levels and different prices we run a linear program and 
include that, but according to me easily anything between 5% and 10% in these feeds is 
easily usable, which is going to be a very substantial quantity as far as feed industry is 
concerned. Such as the attractiveness of this product that about a decade ago we had given 
an application to Government of India to allow imports of DDGS into the country so that 
pressure on protein inputs can reduce, but unfortunately all the DDGS outside is GM and 
that is why that permission was not given. I think it is a wonderful raw material. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
So, the next thing I wanted to understand was a little bit from the competition front. We had 
a lot of agri tech companies let us call them startup and venture into kind of becoming the 
middleman between the farmer and the products and now they have launched their own 
products I am talking about companies in particular where they had now determined what 
the customers what they need and now they have started to fill that pipeline by themselves 
one of these companies have started to direct animal feed product, which competes with 
you, do you have any thoughts whether these agri tech companies will be able to make a 
dent in the market? 
Balram S Yadav: 
We have been watching this space, but I think that it is still time to form a judgment on this. 
So I would not like to comment, but I think in case you have any specific questions any 
specific company any specific area you want to discuss I will be more than glad to enlighten 
you on what I know about that space offline. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Definitely Sir, let us catch up then on that. Thank you that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Thanks for the followup. Sir just want to get a sense of the poultry business specifically so 
what was the contribution of live birds and the branded business this quarter? 
Balram S Yadav: 
So, if you see the branded business was about 51% and live bird business was 49%. You 
want in Crores? 
Aejas Lakhani: 
No Sir that is fine I was just checking what can you call that out for nine months as well 
because your trajectory… 
Balram S Yadav: 
Nine months we are 46% live and 54% branded. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it Sir and could you also just again validate that contribution margins for RGC are in 
the low teens and Yummiez is quite high right that understanding is broadly correct, right? 
Balram S Yadav: 
Yes. You are absolutely right and live bird is close to about 8%. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Just wanted to get a sense that again the focus is could you speak a little bit on how the 
branded business distribution is playing out because your focus is to grow that part of the 
business to reduce volatility so could you comment a little bit about that? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I must tell you that we have a very stable RGC business now. We are processing close to 
60000 birds a day in both our facilities and I must tell you that every bird is used up 
profitability in both our plants. We are the biggest suppliers to several QSR, we are also one 
of the big suppliers to D2C companies, which is a very, very stable business and I must also 
tell you that we are only part suppliers to these companies because we still have constraints 
and capacities because we have our own retail business also and we also have to produce 
boneless chicken for our Yummiez facility. So I can definitely say that the margins are 
stable and we have top of the line customers also and we work very closely with them to 
improve quality as well as do a lot of value addition in our plants which is needed by them 
and I think one more round of upgradation of plants is likely to happen in the next three to 
four months and we will increase our capacity by another 15%-16% and that will be the 
focus for next year. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it Sir, that is very helpful, and just another recheck on the dairy business that at what 
levels of sales and value add does that business sort of breakeven today? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I think it is an interesting question, but I have a slightly longish answer. Now last two years 
are very, very different from what it has been because we have data for our Creamline dairy 
business for last 25 years and we have never seen such low margins because you know and 
it is known to everybody and results of every company and show that, that we are not able 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
to pass through all the cost increases of milk in price and that is because of cooperatives in 
several of our industry players very reluctant to increase milk prices regularly. So, I think 
that is how the industry. So, if you ask me, we will do close to about 1500 Crores at the 
current contribution and we will make a loss. Had we done 2000 Crores we would have 
been very close to break even and today we have already reached 40% value-added product 
in first nine months, which is a big leap over last year actually and now we have already 
invested in one SIG line, so we will have the capability of making multiple packing also so 
my sense is that we will try very hard to reach 50% value-added products, we will also try 
and take price increases wherever possible in value-added product because it is not that 
price elastic as milk is and in case we reach the number I talked about next year with 50% 
value-addition we will be I think home as far as profitability is concerned. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
This was very helpful and the direct procurement it is still that one fourth range broadly? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I just want to tell you that where our confidence comes from. I am saying that in first nine 
months our total value-added product grown by about 43% value growth, 39% volume 
growth and salience has jumped to 41% already in first nine months. The second thing is 
that direct procurement definitely I think that has been focused, but it is a slow grind 
considering there is milk shortage and I think everybody is holding on to their supply chain, 
but that has been a very, very important focus and that will continue to remain focus. Some 
substantial results you will see in coming years, but I cannot put a number because the 
current situation is a little bit grim as far as milk supplies are concerned. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Could you finally just call out what has been the capex for the first nine months and what is 
it expected for 2023 and outlook for 2024 on the capex? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I beg pardon. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Capex for nine months full year 2023 expected and 2024? 
Balram S Yadav: 
We will give it offline to you. So I must tell you that I think this year we will definitely 
cross about I think we will capitalize close to 300 Crores because there will be a spillover of 
some plants particularly Astec plant which is close to more than 150 Crores will be 
capitalized sometime in September, October, but I can definitely say that we are in the 
process of finalizing AOP for next year so I think within few weeks’ time we will be able to 
tell you offline. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it Sir. Thank a ton and wish you the best. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Mantri from Flute Aura Enterprises 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Sir, I needed to understand the breakup of the market share of all the sub segments in 
animal feed business. So, as you mentioned that shrimp business is having some volatile 
time and the aqua business may grow in future so what would be the future growth aspect, 
and whether you would be further diversifying the 50% revenue share you are gaining from 
the animal feed segment, what is your future outlook on the same? 
Balram S Yadav: 
I did not understand that. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Sir, I needed to understand the breakup of the market share of all the sub-segments and the 
animal feed business? 
Balram S Yadav: 
Very difficult. So what we do is that we collect this data once in Q4 when we discuss our 
AOP, LRP so I think that process is on, but I cannot give you a number, but definitely next 
time we have this we will give you segment wise market share and for that also we make an 
estimation of the industry since the data is very, very scattered in this industry, but I think 
the question is very good the only thing is that we need some time to answer that. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Sir, any broader guideline on the same not to be precise? 
Balram S Yadav: 
So actually we did not work that out for some months so I would not hazard a guess right 
now, but I think in a few weeks’ time we will be able to share that. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Sir further question on the same like as you are diversifying into different businesses and 
reducing your revenue share from animal feed business getting more products from your 
topline so would it continue in the future also, what is your outlook? 
Balram S Yadav: 
Animal feed business revenue share can even increase in case there is inflation in raw 
material prices, but in volume terms if you see that the other businesses will grow much 
faster. So animal feeds likely to grow by 11%-12% next year, but if you see crop protection 
business will grow faster than that, OPP will grow, oil pump plantation faster than that, 
CDPL or our dairy business will grow faster than that. So I think it depends on inflation 
numbers also, but my sense is that salience of animal feed business slowly will come down 
because other businesses are likely to grow much faster on volume basis. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Okay Sir. Thank you. 

 
  
 
Godrej Agrovet Limited 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. Aman is not in the queue anymore. As there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nadir Godrej: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, we will be happy to be of 
assistance. Stay safe and stay healthy. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us 
on this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
