 
 
 February 20, 2023 
 
To, 
 
BSE LIMITED 
 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532684 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: EKC 
NSE Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning call for Q3 FY2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 15, 2023.  
 
The same has also been uploaded on the Company's website and the same can be 
accessed at https://everestkanto.com/investors/recentupdates/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sanjiv Kapur 
Chief Financial Officer 
Encl: a/a 
SANJIV
KAPUR
Digitally signed by SANJIV KAPUR
DN: cn=SANJIV KAPUR, c=IN,
l=MUMBAI, st=MAHARASHTRA,
o=Personal,
email=SKAPUR3@GMAIL.COM,
serialNumber=1a2a187a34672efb9c
2b23c14cceaf785067acceb1aead54
d8af8003762bde67
Date: 2023.02.20 15:13:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 15, 2023  
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Everest Kanto Cylinder Limited 
earnings conference call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aesha Shah from CDR India.  
Aesha Shah: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Everest Kanto Cylinder 
Limited Q3 and 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. 
Puneet Khurana, Managing Director and Mr. Sanjiv Kapur, Chief Financial Officer of 
the company.  
We will initiate the call with the opening remarks from the management following 
which we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. Before we 
begin, I would like to state that some statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect have been included in the results 
presentation shared with you all earlier. 
I would now request Mr. Puneet Khurana to make his opening remarks, thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us for the earnings conference call. 
I will initiate the call by talking you through the operational and financial performance 
after which we will open the forum to have a Q&A session.  
During the quarter our performance remained subdued on a Q-o-Q basis. This was 
primarily due to the decrease in demand in the CNG cylinder industry which continued 
to affect our business. Additionally, the negative impact on our performance was 
intensified by the decline in the high-margin commercial vehicle CNG segment. 
However, a steady contribution from the industrial segment partially offset the decline 
and supported our performance. 
On a consolidated basis, the revenue came in at Rs. 256.4 crore in Q3 FY23, EBITDA 
stood at Rs. 14.5 crore with a margin of 5.7%. And on a standalone basis, revenue 
from operations stood at Rs. 143.2 crore in Q3 FY23. EBITDA stood at Rs. 12 crore 

 
Page 2 of 7 
 
with the margin at 8.4%, PAT stood at around Rs. 10.5 crore. On a consolidated basis 
performance was impacted owing to the one-off exception cost rupees Rs. 19.94 
crore. This was an account of a penalty levied on CP Industries Holding a step-down 
subsidiary of the company by its customers on account of non-fulfillment of the 
agreement in the contract. We are contesting with the customer, but in the interest of 
long-term business engagement with a large customer, we decided to settle the 
matter. 
The CNG segment saw a decline of 61% year-on-year to 45% of revenue at the 
consolidated level. Additionally, our subsidy in Dubai, UAE contributed positively to 
consolidated results.  
We believe the potential of CNG in India remains strong with the government focused 
on increasing the use of natural gas in India’s energy mix and most of you will be 
aware that they have taken several measures to promote the use of CNG vehicles. 
Unfortunately, the reduced price difference between CNG and other fuels has 
primarily led to a fall in the usage of CNG vehicles in this fiscal year. We believe this 
change in the price difference between CNG and other fuels increases going forward. 
To conclude,  we have witnessed some demand uptake in the CNG segment in Q4. 
We hope the trend will continue in QoQ and the demand environment will improve 
starting from Q1 of the fiscal year. We do, however, need to monitor the price 
difference between CNG and other fuels as our key commercial vehicle sales will 
remain subdued. The customer in this segment is highly sensitive to price differential 
and it certainly determines their buying decisions. As and when the demand 
environment improves, we believe we will be positioned to capitalize on the given 
leadership position, strong balance sheet, and expanded production capability. Thank 
you.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harshwardhan Kumar from Porcelain PMS. Kindly 
proceed.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: I would like to know, in the India business we dropped another 27% quarter-on-quarter 
in terms of our revenue, but I think we were expecting flat sales numbers. What is the 
reason for the drop in domestic sales and how much is the volume and realization 
decline for Q3 if any? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
If you look at our figure there has been a drop in the CNG segment which on quarter 
to quarter also, because of the slowdown in the CNG segment, even the Cascades 
business dropped a little and that affected us, though we can see a pickup in the auto 
sector happening. But still, it did not match what we foresee as a good quarter. . Going 
forward, we believe that this would obviously come back and we expect the CNG 
prices also to cool down. Obviously, the off-take would obviously pick up thereafter.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Okay, but could you please give me any numbers for the volumes and the realization, 
please?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
We are having normal realizations only as per the last quarter.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Only the volumes have dropped.  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
There's a slight pickup in the auto sector, but it got offset by drop in the Cascades 
segment. Both Cascades and auto sector comprise of CNG.  

 
Page 3 of 7 
 
Harshwardhan Kumar: My next question is what is the current domestic capacity utilization? In Q2 I believe 
it was 60% domestic capacity.  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
We are continuing at 60% in this quarter too.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Also, in terms of the mix of industrial and CNG revenues right now on a standalone 
basis, could you give me also the split between the CV and PV in the CNG segment? 
After you give me the industrial and CNG split? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
So CNG was 50% and industrial was also 50%. Both are at 50% in the current volume 
and price. The total value wise is 50%.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Between the CV and PV in the CNG, do you have anything on that? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
In PV we are still working on it as this was not the area that we had concentrated on 
before and accordingly now we are pushing PV with the OEM’s. We believe that going 
forward we may be able to push for the PV segment also.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Okay. Also in the past, our promoters have bought from the open market at around 
the current prices. Is there any intention of the promoter to buy from the open market 
now? I anticipate that this would send a very strong signal to the market. 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Promoters are deciding that, but nothing yet.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Agrawal from Naredi 
Investment. Kindly proceed.  
Sandeep Agrawal : 
My question is what is the negligence on the part of the company regarding this 
penalty Rs. 19.9 crore and any more penalty will occur in future, or this is one time? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
This is the one-time penalty only which has come, and it's still not finalized absolutely. 
We are still negotiating with them. Since it is in the pipeline, we have made a provision 
for it.  
Sandeep Agrawal: 
Okay. And so, what is the capacity utilization guideline for next financial year? Any 
view regarding this? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
No, as the business grows, I mean, we have enough capacities to grow. All are aware 
that we've done our capacity expansion also.  
Sandeep Agrawal: 
Okay, what is the purpose of, we have land acquire during this six month and we have 
a land investment approximately Rs. 23.67 crore in books. So what is the purpose? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
We has acquired land to set up a project.  
Sandeep Agrawal: 
Why are you showing as an investment?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
No, it's not an investment, it's for a project. We have announced a project where we 
are going to expand capacity. Currently, since the market scenario is a little subdued, 
we are going slow with our project.  
Sandeep Agarwal: 
What is the bifurcation of other assets? Rs. 111 crore as of 30th September? 

 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
I don't have the figures at present, but I would provide you later.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Shrivastav from Svan 
Investment. Kindly proceed.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
I have one question regarding our US business. Last quarter we have seen a good 
growth in the US business and you said the trajectory of the revenue will improve from 
here on. But this quarter there has been sharp drop. is it because of some we have 
lost some recurring business because of the penalty which has been imposed or can 
you throw some light on the same, please?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
No, the penalty is not going to reduce the business because that's why we've settled 
the large customer so that they continue with the business. I believe that the business 
will continue the way it is. Yes. Obviously, in one of the quarters we have some old 
outstanding orders which got executed and since it's a project-based environment, 
the orders being completed on an appropriate date only can be invoiced. Obviously, 
there is little variation in each quarter.   
Vishal Shrivastav: 
Okay, so what kind of trajectory you are seeing for US business in the near term in 
next few quarters? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
They are doing well, and they would obviously be at least doing up from what they 
could done in the last quarter.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
Okay. Are you seeing some kind of decent growth from that business, or it will be 
around a flattish trajectory? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
It will be flattish.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
Okay. Sir my second question is regarding the margins in both US and UAE business 
has been too volatile. This quarter we have seen some improvement in the UAE 
business and US business has gone, there is a drop. Can you give some guidance in 
terms of what is the margin we would like to have in both the businesses? Will it be 
similar to the lines of the India business that you aspire for and if yes, by when do you 
see margins would be in that trajectory?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Margins will always come back once our sales improve. I mean going by the 
comparison between the US and Dubai entity, vis-à-vis India entity, in the past and 
also in present India has been doing better than the others. But obviously yes, they 
would also try and catch up with us in terms of OPEX and EBITDA.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
Okay. Any timelines you are targeting that some restructuring program you are doing 
internally so that in next one year or so we would be somewhere near to the Indian 
business margin levels? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
The market in which they sell is a little different, so we can't really say they would be 
able to have similar margins than us, but obviously their margin would be a little lower 
than ours.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
My next question is little about the bookkeeping side, and I want to know what is the 
total debt on the books by December 2023, bifurcated into short term and long-term 
debt? 

 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
On the debt part its Rs. 114 crore, this is on consolidated basis which is short term.  
Vishal Shrivastav: 
Are you seeing some improvement in the auto CNG space as the CNG prices, 
although they are on the elevated level have stabilized? So is there some 
improvement you are seeing and which segment you are seeing the improvement?  
Sanjiv Kapoor:             We are seeing improvement.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Saraswat from Investore. Kindly proceed.  
Harsh Saraswat: 
I have a few questions. Can you little bit reiterate on the natural gas prices which have 
fallen, as a trend what you see happening going forward? Can we see the CNG prices 
going back to where they were one year ago?  
Puneet Khurana: 
The government has issued a new recommendation from the committee to keep the 
gas prices in the range of $4 to $6 from the old fees. If that happens, there will be a 
correction in the price. But internationally, the situation of gas prices, they have been 
increasing so they're looking like there will be some kind of correction happening in 
probably you will see in March or April there will be some friction on the downward 
trend to the gas prices.  
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay, so by that, can we go with the fact that Q3 would be our worst quarter and from 
next quarter we should see some improvement in revenue and margin? 
Puneet Khurana: 
When gas prices correct, there will be an immediate response from the customer on, 
from the off-take of CNG from all over. So there will be an impact.  
Harsh Saraswat: 
Got it. On the government's part, has the government's aggression reduced in the 
CGD as a segment due to the rise in the prices?  
Puneet Khurana: 
No, now also at the moment the CGD sector investment still continues even though 
the gas prices are high. There is still a huge population that is growing every time. 
The PV vehicle population may not be growing at that level, but it is growing every 
month. There is a huge vehicle population coming into the market still of CNG and so 
there is a drive and all the gas companies continue to invest because the vehicle 
populations keep coming in. It's of course the plan is not moving as fast as they would 
desire it, but it's moving because now the CNG infrastructure has been put, that 
industry has been set. Definitely, now before in the past, there was not so convenient 
to get gas, now it's now with almost 4000 CNG stations in India the availability of gas 
infrastructure nationwide spread is very convenient.  
 
There is an industry which is now there is a momentum that is set. Even at these 
prices, you will see that the industry continues. It is not something that is just not 
preferred anymore. There is a market for this because the product is still quite well 
priced. The CNG vehicle is quite well priced. The only thing is for a commercial vehicle 
because commercials are mainly dependent on diesel prices. Diesel is the one that 
is very close to CNG. That is not becoming a motivator. But as far petrol is concerned, 
gasoline vehicles, they still have some preferences and some customers are still and 
of course, if you have an auto rickshaw where the regulatory framework is considered. 
So there only CNG auto rickshaws are plying, so there is a continuous flow of 
vehicles. You will see that as the prices get corrected that the difference between 
diesel and CNG becomes even at 10%-15% immediately you will see a rush of people 
interested in CNG vehicles.  

 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Got it. On the raw material side, I wanted to understand how are things panning out? 
How do you see going forward? Will margins come back?  
Puneet Khurana: 
Sorry raw material front, I'm not able to understand. What do you mean?  
Harsh Saraswat: 
On the raw material side, we have seen our material costs have gone up considerably 
in this quarter. Margins have come down. How do we feel going it forward?  
Puneet Khurana: 
I think it's mainly due to gross margin, basically. Sanjiv, can you put any light on this?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Yes, we have some inventories which would get consumed and maybe going forward, 
when it averages out, with the current pricing, it'll even out. It will have better margins 
going forward.  
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay, so the lower cost inventory would be coming in next quarter.  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshwardhan Kumar from Porcelain  
PMS. Kindly proceed.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Besides CNG coming back, what kind of top line can we expect at full utilization of 
our domestic capacity and current realizations?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
We don't really want to give a prediction here because the way business has moved. 
But yes, obviously as we have an improved quarter, it will add to the top line.  
Puneet Khurana: 
Also, now what's happened is that with all of our Greenfield projects completed, you 
can estimate that definitely, there's definitely going to be a better situation than we've 
seen in the past also.  
Harshwardhan Kumar: Okay, and just to confirm, what was the CNG contribution for Q3 FY23? 
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
50-50. 
Harshwardhan Kumar: Is that the same for the consolidated entity as well?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Consolidated we really can't count because the US has a project business. If I add 
the volume, they dilute the understanding.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishit Shah from Aequitas 
Investment. Kindly proceed.  
Nishit Shah: 
I would like to understand how do we see the Cascades market going forward? Since 
recently what we are seeing is correction and spot natural gas prices. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Natural gas prices are dependent on a lot on government policy. The government has 
announced some incentives for CGD sector to cap the prices between $4 to $6 from 
gas to be available from the old fees. Of course, the major thing is the global scenario 
seems to be that gas prices are cooling off so we'll see some kind of correction will 
happen in the coming months. We'll see that.  

 
Page 7 of 7 
 
Nishit Shah: 
I wanted to understand how the Cascades demand right now and are we seeing 
increase in demand for Cascades?  
Puneet Khurana: 
No, the Cascades see what has happened is, there is a demand but the projects of 
course have slowed down. Yes, but there is a demand, there is a continuity of the 
business. The only thing is there is a slowdown because again the gas companies 
are also expanding but not at that pace that they were expanding previously.  
Nishit Shah: 
There is no change on that front as of now, right?  
Sanjiv Kapoor: 
Yes, look forward to improvement obviously. 
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, of course they will as soon as some announcement on the prices, gas prices 
come, then the gas companies know that this is at least a long term. At least they 
have a vision that in the next one year there will be no change in the price. There's a 
gap between diesel and CNG, so their investments become a little bit more they're 
more motivated to make those investments. They are making investments but they 
are little bit pulling back because they don't want to make too much investment today 
because of the situation. Like I said, the ball is rolling, the CNG business is for real. 
There is a vehicle population that is being rolled out every month so they cannot stop 
putting infrastructure because the existing vehicles are on CNG, and the new vehicles 
are being rolled out. There is a continuous need even at little bit higher price the gas 
companies cannot stop laying down the infrastructure.  
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.  
Puneet Khurana: 
Yes, sure. Thank you once again for your interest and support. Should you need any 
further clarification or would you like to know more about the company, please feel 
free to contact our investor relation team. Thank you.  
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
 
