  
 
  
 
 
                 
                                
 
 
 
   
 
 
WOCK/SEC/SE/2022-23/069 
24th February, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relations Department  
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 532300 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
NSE Symbol – WOCKPHARMA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Investor Call Transcript  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and further to our communication dated February 21, 2023, please find enclosed transcript 
of the investor call. 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed through 
the following link:   
https://statutory.wockhardt.com/stock_exchange_disclosures.htm  
You are requested to kindly take it on record.   
Thanking you,  
Yours Sincerely,  
 
 
 
Debashis Dey  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
Debashi
s Dey
Digitally signed 
by Debashis Dey 
Date: 2023.02.24 
15:47:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Wockhardt Ltd.  
Transcript of Investor Call 
   21st February, 2023 
 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: Good evening everyone. And welcome to the investor Call of Wockhardt Limited to 
discuss the key developments of the company. We have with us Chairman Dr. Habil Khorakiwala and Managing 
Director Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala. I hand over to Dr. Habil Khorakiwala for his opening remarks. Over to you sir.  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: I extend a very warm welcome to all of you. It is after a while, that we are having an 
investor’s conference and we hope that we will maintain this communication with you on a regular basis. This 
communication today in a way, would be different than the normal investor’s communication. Because what we 
would really want to share with you today is that Wockhardt is in the cusp of significant changes. And I want you to 
know what is this significance turnaround situation that we expect in next 20 to 24 months. Our Managing director, 
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala will elaborate specifically on these major achievements, accomplishments and the 
changes which will take place and focus on major milestone we have achieved in recent past in last 12 months, 
over to you, Dr. Murtaza.  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: Thank you, Chairman and the very warm welcome to the investor community. I'm very 
happy to be here and share with you some of the changes that and the transformation that is undergoing in our 
organization and how we intend over the next 12 to 24 months to take that forward.  
The first slide is just a snapshot of the organization in the nine months in terms of our financials, revenue, EBITDA 
and debt. And moving on, this gives you a sense of the organizational structure on slide 4, A global footprint of the 
organization where we are present outside India and in various markets and it contributes about 75% of our 
business outside India, 25% is in India and we are present in various segments like generics, branded, 
biotechnology, injectable and antibiotic discovery, I will share with you a little bit more as we go along into the new 
developments that have taken place in our business and the promising growth opportunities that are there.  
Going on to the next slide, the key highlights I would like to share with you is on our performance that in the last 
year, what is the entire restructuring that we have done of the US business. And a great opportunity in terms of the 
agreement that we have with Serum in terms of vaccine manufacturing in UK. And what that may unfold in the 
coming year and obviously an update and progress into very significant progress we have made in our novel 
antibiotic portfolio.  

 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Next slide, we have been mentioning in over the last one year that the US business needs to get significantly 
restructured. And as it was having a significant amount of drain into the financial performance of the company, we 
have shut down our manufacturing facility at Morton Grove near Chicago and using a simple 80-20 formula, we 
have identified the product portfolio to be manufactured by a third party and that will be an ongoing continuing 
business that we will have. As a result of the entire restructuring of the manufacturing, we intend to save about $12 
million in losses which we are currently incurring and however we will continue to maintain our sale in the US 
business as these products will be manufactured from third party certified facility with approximately 40% gross 
margin.  
Moving on to the next slide, we have recently concluded an agreement with Serum Institute for manufacturing 
vaccine in the UK facility earlier this year. And as a result of that we have received £10 million as a contribution for 
reserving manufacturing facility for 150 million doses per year of vaccine for 15 years. This is 150 million doses per 
year for about 15 year agreement. And in addition to a contract manufacturing, there is a joint venture component 
in the agreement, where there is a profit share of 51:49 in favor of Wockhardt. Today, Serum has identified 2 
vaccines and we plan to manufacture these products within the next 12 months after exhibit batches and regulatory 
approval is received.  
We have been significantly committed to our presence in antibiotic over the last 20 years and are probably the only 
company in the world to have a very comprehensive end to end drug discovery and development program in 
antibiotics. As you already know, we have about 6 QIDP grants from the US FDA and this means that there is an 
unmet medical need identified by US FDA and being satisfied by our product profile, therefore they have given us a 
QIDP approval, which will allow for faster clinical trial and approval of the products.  
I share with you a pipeline of the presence of Wockhardt with five products in the development pipeline vis a vis, 
other entities and other corporations who have between one to two and this just goes to show the strength of the 
portfolio that has emerged out of our dedicated commitment in research over the last 20 years, positioning us in a 
way good position as far as antibiotic innovative portfolio is concerned.  
We have achieved the success in licensing one of our molecules for China, which you are aware is a licensing deal 
for China with Jemincare 4873, we have received the milestone payment from Jemincare. As far as our India 
approval of phase three, we are marketing two products Emrok and Emrok O in India and we are also filed for 
approval in various emerging market and expect to receive approval in eight emerging markets in the next 6 to 9 
months. In India, over the last two years that it has been present, 30,000 patients have used Emrok and benefited 
from it.  
Additionally, our phase three clinical trial for 4873 is going to be concluded in the Indian market sometime in 2024. 
Let me tell you a little bit about our flagship program that is WCK 5222. And there have been a couple of significant 

 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
milestones and developments in this regard. First, there is an increase in the resistance. A new report by CDC in 
the US hospitals concluded that the resistance to infection on which 5222 works has increased somewhere 
between 30% to 80% because of two years of COVID-19. This further enhances the potential and makes 5222 
even more relevant as a lifesaving medicine. Our global phase three trial which commenced in August 2022 is 
progressing well and we intend to complete this trial over the next 15 to 18 months and seek approval in markets 
globally in the US, Europe, China & India and be in the markets sometime in 2025.  
You will be happy and proud to know as an investor in Wockhardt that your company has the innovative 5222 
product already saved 3 lives of patients in India, even before it is approved and undergoing phase three trials. 50 
year old female patient in Vedanta Hospital who had abdominal sepsis and 11 year old boy in global hospital in 
Chennai who had a bone marrow transplant and an 18 year old boy admitted in AIG Hospital Hyderabad with acute 
leukemia, 5222 was used on a compassionate basis for saving the lives of these three people when all other 
medicines that were used by the doctors could not work. It is indeed extremely fulfilling and proud moment for 
Wockhardt and for all Indians. These were the critical patients who were on ventilators for several weeks, they were 
cured and discharged from the hospital on completing treatment in 10 days with WCK 5222. And this is indeed beta 
lactam enhancer and is a new class of antibiotic and therefore it works so dramatically and with a very superior 
clinical benefit.  
Additionally, you will be happy to know that we have established a collaboration with the National Institute of Health 
in the US, with one of our other lead molecules 677. They are conducting a human phase one clinical trial of MDR 
gram negative antibiotic targeted for ambulatory settings, this indicates NIH confidence in the novel once a day, 
much needed outpatient parental antimicrobial therapy for MDR infections in an ambulatory setting.  
These developments of the organization over the last 12 months provides a glimpse of the future of your company. 
It is like an iceberg which you see and are able to see a very small portion. But there is so much underlying 
strength and opportunities unseen and invisible today. I'm not getting into all the financials which have already 
been published and I'm sure most of you have seen them. However, I would like to highlight few important and 
significant aspects. One of the objectives which we had was in terms of deleveraging our organization. Our long 
term debt external debt over the last five years has gone down from Rs. 3,200 Cr to about Rs. 600 Cr. In terms of 
our external debt to equity, it has gone down from 0.96 to 0.16. In parallel to deleveraging our organization, our 
promoter commitment has increased and it has improved from Rs. 208 Cr to Rs. 700 Cr and which could be 
considered as a Quasi-equity. In addition to the outstanding Rs. 700 Cr loan, another Rs. 500 Cr of promoter loan 
has been converted into equity and we have received an additional Rs. 250 Cr from investor in the successful 
rights issue.  
Coming to some of the operational parameters, our sales has shown in the current year a quarter on quarter, 
increase in growth from Rs. 578 Cr to Rs. 699 Cr representing growth of about 20% in Q3 over Q1FY23. Our 

 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
EBITDA also shows a steady improvement and has moved in the positive territory and for the last two quarters is 
positive with Rs. 39 Cr and Rs. 59 Cr EBITDA. Our cash flow position shows that our operating cash flow in the 
Q3FY23 was a positive Rs 95 Cr. This helps in deleveraging the organization by reducing debt by about Rs. 109 
Cr. Additionally, the promoters infused another Rs. 71 Cr in terms of a cash flow which helps in taking care of the 
investments that we are making in our R&D and NCE portfolio. And therefore, if you see right from the beginning 
our opening balance, which is Rs. 221 Cr remains at about Rs. 217 Cr for the end of the quarter.  
Let me come to the highlights of some of the individual businesses and their performance in the current year. Our 
UK business without the vaccine has moved up in terms of its growth from Rs. 208 Cr last quarter last year to Rs. 
223 Cr, showing a handsome increase in the turnover as well as an increase in the market share in the covered 
market by more than 1%. We have accelerated our focus in developing and filing new products and as you would 
see since 2020 in a combined way, we have filed more than 23 products and another 24 products to be filed in 
2023 and 2024.  
Our India business continues to perform well with a focus on diabetes and Emrok and a pain management portfolio. 
On a 9 month basis a diabetes business has grown by more than 20% and on QoQ basis from Q2FY23 to 
Q3FY23, there is a growth from Rs. 150 Cr to Rs. 175 Cr and on 9 monthly basis from Rs. 450 Cr to Rs. 483 Cr. 
And we have one of the few companies in India that has a complete integrated portfolio of diabetes products, 
including insulins, glargines and fully integrated guide from R&D to manufacturing to commercialization.  
Emerging market business has also shown an improvement and growth in Q3 compared to the earlier quarters and 
stands at Rs. 148 Cr compared to Rs. 117 Cr. Our distribution among the key markets or the key regions where we 
are present is Latin America, Asia and Russia CIS. And going forward MENA will become also a very important 
market in terms of our growth.  
Having given you an update on the various businesses and their performance, let me share with you a little bit 
about how we see the various drivers of growth driving growth for the organization in the years to come. And as 
you are aware, fundamentally we are focused in four areas which we call as the strategic pillars of growth. First is 
the main stay pharma business which is there in India, UK, Ireland, US and emerging markets. Second is the 
vaccine opportunity, which we realized from our collaboration with UK government and now an ongoing 
collaboration with Serum for manufacturing these vaccines in UK and supplying globally. Third very importantly, is 
our presence in the biological space in diabetes, where we have the entire injectable insulin portfolio, we have 
marketed 2 products and additional products are under development and we have introduced in India and various 
emerging markets and intend to expand this opportunity in terms of markets and products. And overall these 
targets are diabetes, biological market of about $50 billion. And lastly, but not the least, is our foray and presence 
and deep commitment in this R&D space of new drug discovery, which I mentioned to you brief a while back.  

 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
If you see what are these growth drivers, how they will unlock value and performance in the organization going 
forward, I see in the first two years that is in a one or two year time frame we will have these diabetes, insulin, 
glargines and various molecules in emerging market driving a large percentage of the growth. Our collaboration for 
vaccines with Serum, which is there and which we have signed will deliver the growth in the year. And as an 
organization, I think our fundamental focus is on improving profitability and cash flow. I think all aspect of the 
operation is something we are looking at and we have been focused on it in the last year or so and we'll continue 
that focus in the years to come is on improving our profitability and cash flow. Going forward in a two to three year 
time frame. Our novel drug discovery portfolio, which we have launched in India and some other new products 
which are coming will also help in driving some of the growth of the organization.  
Let me elaborate a little bit on the growth drivers and what is it that is, how it will drive. I think we are in the insulin 
and glargine space in India and emerging markets, which is responding about USD 1.5 billion in terms of the 
covered market, our current presence in this space is about USD 50 million and therefore, there's great opportunity 
for us to increase our market share. We are registered in more than 25 markets and a large number of new 
markets we have filed and we have approvals in the last year and in the coming year and therefore it will accelerate 
our presence with new market launches. It is a limited competition and therefore has the ability to create and 
develop a sustainable competitive advantage, and I will share that with you in a while as to why this can be a 
sustainable competitive advantage, we are fully integrated in terms of our manufacturing right from API to 
formulation to having our own devices and our own IP.  
We believe that being integrated right from beginning to ending with R&D, manufacturing, regulatory, trend devices 
and having our own IP and commercial organization and having an end to end kind of a value chain, it provides us 
a very sustainable competitive advantage in terms of cost, in terms of value creation, in terms of an end to end 
integration of all effort and execution and operational. In addition to the existing products, we also have a pipeline 
of new products including Insulin Aspart and various other analogs which are in the development pipeline.  
I touched upon this earlier, but our collaboration with the vaccine with Serum is for 150 million doses per year. It is 
a multi-vaccine arrangement including COVID and it is a long term 15 year profit sharing arrangement in addition to 
the CMO arrangement which is there. I had mentioned about COVID and its impact on increased opportunity for 
5222 and you would be surprised to know that COVID-19 in the two years that it was a pandemic resulted in the 
loss of 5 million lives. And the Super bugs which we call as the resistant organisms which are resistant to current 
antibiotics and result in the loss of life of 5 million people every year. And that is an astounding fact when one looks 
at it in the context of the pandemic and almost it is like a silent killer.  
This is our overall portfolio of products that we have in antibiotic space and we cover from gram negative to gram 
positive as a first line therapy to life saving product. The entire spectrum of products. Covering different indications 
and there are different stages of clinical development somehow launched in India, filled with emerging markets, and 

 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
two of them, 5222 and 4873 are undergoing phase three clinical trials. So let me finally conclude my 
communication and share with you from where I covered. What are some of the significant milestones we have 
accomplished in the last one year? What is the financial performance of the company in the last year? What is 
broadly the strategy and the growth drivers that we are looking at and now specifically what are the specific 
milestones which we are focused on in terms of delivering these in the years 24 and 25 and these are.  
We will get approval of glargine in some of the key Latin markets like Mexico, Brazil and in MENA. We are going to 
file our Aspart in India. We will get approval of Emrok and Emrok 2 in the emerging markets. We will complete our 
phase three clinical trial in India in 2024 and file for approval. We will complete significant part of the phase three 
clinical trial of 5222 which is being conducted globally and will be filing for approval in 2025. We will initiate our 
business through the collaboration with Serum and manufacturing in UK. Our US business has already moved and 
we structured to a third party and we will initiate product supply from these third party shifted products. We are 
targeting new product launches in India as well as in various other markets. 14 launches in India and 25 launches 
in UK in 24-25 combined. In 2025 we will launch Aspart and 4873 in India. And by then our US business, which has 
been a drain on the profitability and cash flows will turn profitable, definitely. As an organization we are working 
towards clearly being PBT positive in two year’s time. I think this was a brief communication we wanted to share 
with you that Encapsulates, as chairman said some of the very important and key milestones, but more importantly 
the key areas we are focused on in terms of delivering a better performance and improved financial health in terms 
of our profitability and cash flows. Thank you for being with us and partaking in this presentation communication. 
And I would leave the floor open now to any questions that you may have.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Dr. Murtaza. I request our investors to please take to the chat box or the Q&A 
box to ask any questions that you may have and we will read out your questions and take them accordingly in a 
systematic manner. We will give it a few seconds before our investors tag their questions in the chat box. Our first 
question is from Kishore Aggarwal. Can you briefly help us understand what will be the total cost yet to be incurred 
in respect of WCK 5222 and how does the company plan to fund it?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: I think we are already initiated phase three. And we needed to complete it next 12 to 15 
months. And the additional investment required for clinical trial will be about USD 30 million. And we intend to not 
take out the cash flow from our operation,  we are looking at alternate funding, debt funding and some monetization 
of assets which are not in use. So that's how we intend to fund balance of 5222 Clinical trial.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is from Mr. Harish G. What's the revenue growth 
expected in FY24 and the cash EBITDA in FY24?  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: While we don't give any future guidance, but I must say that I have been fairly 
heartened by our performance in the last nine months and the growth momentum that we have bought in terms of 

 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
our profitability and we have initiated various measures not only on the top line growth, but I think what our focus is 
on driving profitability. What we have looked at is all aspect of the business we have looked at product wise 
profitability. We have looked at cost management aspects within the organization and working capital. So I'm very 
positive that we will maintain the growth momentum that we have gotten this year and it will only accelerate in the 
coming years. As I mentioned, in terms of the various growth drivers we have, we are having new launches of our 
diabetes portfolio, insulin and glargine in various emerging markets. Like in MENA, Mexico, Brazil and various other 
Middle East markets, our new filings in the UK is on a good path, we have had 12 filings in the last year and 
another 25 filings we'll have in the next two years. So I think all aspects of business are on a right track. We are 
going well, US business, which was a drain we have restructured and as a result of that, it would bring about a 
saving in terms of our bottom line because the saving of USD 10 million that we hope to realize, part of it has been 
realized in this year, significant amount would be realized in the coming year. So all this put together. I think we 
would see significantly better numbers in the next year and then we will turn completely PBT positive in 2 years 
from now.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Dr. Murtaza. The next question is what is the latest status for WCK 5222 trials 
and how many patients have enrolled for the same?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: As we already mentioned that WCK 5222 phase three clinical trial is on, we have enrolled 
patient in Europe and very soon we will enroll patient in India, US and China. And about 20% of the patients have 
already completed the clinical trial and as I mentioned in next 15-18 months, we should be completing the clinical 
trial on 5222.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is what will be the peak revenue from vaccine business 
related to Serum?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: See as per our agreement and Serum’s understanding, we have reserved 150 million 
doses capacity. Obviously there are two aspects of income coming out of it. One is we will receive a normal 
manufacturing cost of making those vaccines as we were receiving earlier from the UK Government. Additionally, 
depending on the price at which Serum will sell after their marketing cost of 8% to 10%, we will be sharing in the 
profit. So obviously per dose there is a double value creation. One is a manufacturing link, another is a link and we 
expect Serum that is what they have said, they are starting with two vaccine within next few months after 
agreement and I'm sure as we go along, they will receive more license and they will utilize our capacity and I think 
it will be a game changer for us in terms of value creation and profitability over next several years and it would be a 
very sustained increasing business year after year.  

 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. We go to the next question. What is your expected R&D spread over the 
next two to three years and how do you intend to fund it? Also if you could share how much you intend to spend for 
Biosimilars and NCE?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: Our R&D funding if you have observed that we have maintained certain percentage on our 
revenue of the same, but within the R&D the mix has shifted away from pharmaceutical R&D to Drug discovery and 
biological R&D. So our major part of the spend comes out of biological and drug discovery R&D and we intend 
overall to maintain 8% to 9% of our revenue for R&D.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is what is the status of US FDA on our current plans? 
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: See all of us in the industry know that US business has become quite challenging for 
variety of reasons and as a result of this, we have restructured our manufacturing at MGP level. We are also 
revisiting our India business, from India to US and currently our focus primarily is on the third party manufactured 
product to sell in USA and probably we will take in due course of position of exactly how we want to deal with our 
US opportunities and the business in the coming year and once our plan is ready we will be happy to share that 
with you.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. We go to the next question, how will the product mix change in the next 
two to three years from current levels?  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: As I was mentioning our focus on Biologicals and Biosimilar is only going to grow and 
expand its presence as a part of the overall business. So currently biologics contribute about 20% of the whole 
revenue of the organization. It will grow at a much faster rate than the generic business and I expect that in the next 
two to three years, its contribution to Wockhardt business will improve from 20% to 30%. Primarily driven by the 
launches of the products in various emerging markets and the new products that we are developing that will come 
to the market in a medium term of time, but the existing products and the launches in new market increase in the 
market share that we have, all that would drive growth of biologics. So I think that is one aspect of product mix. 
Second is I think as an innovative portfolio and NCE portfolio, which is approved in India and we launch in various 
emerging markets, as that comes into play, that part of the business and portfolio will also increase. But in the first 
two to three years, I see diabetes, the biologics part of it having a very significant impact.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Dr. Murtaza. The next question is, is it possible to share the centers in India 
where the trial of 5222 is being conducted?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: We have not yet started in India, the 5222 it is now mainly in Europe. But I think next few 
months we will initiate this in Indian centers also. And we will let you, I think it will be available in our website 
whenever we initiate a trial in India, but it is currently it is not yet started.  

 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is, is there any plan to out license AMR molecules? And 
any plans to monetize WCK 5222?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: See, we basically have to one way or the other monetize 5222 and there are two aspects 
of it, because 5222, we are conducting global clinical trials and we do not have presence in many markets in the 
world. So that is where we will have to monetize. We are also looking at an option of globally to monetize the 
product and I think these are the we are evaluating the value proposition, which is available, which is possible for 
us and that is also an option on the table very much and we will take a call at the right time after the phase three 
clinical trial is over.  
Snighter Albuquerque:  Thank you, Sir. The next question is, could you share broad monetization potential for 
WCK 5222 for the company?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: I think you put a number at this stage is a little too early. I think we'll have to wait for a 
while and then make a proper assessment. But I think it will be fairly significant number.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Sure, Sir. We go to the next question, what are your thoughts on biosimilar business? The 
market is already competitive with multiple players in the emerging markets area. What are your thoughts on 
pricing etc?  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: As I mentioned, I think in my communication there are three of important aspect of our 
presence in emerging markets in India in a biosimilar space and the components of that strategy are the following. 
One is we are fully integrated player in a biosimilar space, right from R&D to manufacturing to commercialization 
and there are not too many players in the world who have that complete integrated play and that provides us the 
cost competitive advantage, sustainability advantage and the commitment of the organization in a biosimilar space. 
It's not a space where you have 15 players and 20 players. It's a space where you will have 4-5 players, which 
appears as they are.  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: This is very true for a diabetic portfolio. If you look at other biological products, the 
competitive scenario is much larger. Many more players are there, but when you look from a diabetic portfolio of 
insulin, glargine, Aspart, it's quite limited in there. Only half a dozen players in worldwide.  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: And in addition to the technology aspect in diabetes biosimilar, I think the fact that one 
has to put up very specialized manufacturing facilities, API as well as formulation and the kind of investment 
required and the time that is required to put up the entire facility, get regulatory approval takes a long period of 
time, so I feel that in fact we are in a very sweet spot as far as the diabetes injectable portfolio is concerned and we 
will be looking at very significantly unlocking potential in the market and we are very well positioned.  

 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you. The next question is, did we proceed to phase three directly without phase 
two? I could not find any details on phase two study. I assume that it's allowed to do phase three without phase 
two. Is it based on certain factors related to WCK 5222 which gives us confidence that it will be successful possibly 
without the need of phase two?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: See, this whole program was shared by us to US regulators, EMEA regulators, Chinese 
regulators and even Indian regulators and the data which we able to produce on a preclinical and phase one data. 
They were so strong in terms of safety profile because phase two generally you do for safety to a large extent and 
efficacy also, but phase three is fundamentally both safety and efficacy. So looking at the data and also the very 
fact that needs are there and the safety profile was excellent, both in terms of preclinical phase one clinical also 
with the various organs like heart, lung, liver, kidney. So we did a safety profile and all the organs and the data in 
terms of safety was outstanding actually. And therefore the regulator have made an exception and granted us 
straight phase three. The second, equally important aspect is  Cefepime is already an approved drug. Zidebactam 
is a new discovery molecule by Wockhardt, and as a result of that, overall they felt that we can straight away more 
into phase three even if you have noticed in phase three, they have asked us to do one ARM study only. Normally, 
for a new molecule it is required Two ARM study to establish. So all these advantages we got mainly because of 
the preclinical data. And phase one safety data. And additionally the unmet need and we have already seen with 
the compassionate  use which have taken place in India even though our clinical trial is for C-UTI, all these 
products were used which we would be taking HAP/ VAP study that is ventilator study, when person is on ventilator 
but for all the patients were compassionate use was done. There were cases of lung infection. Some of the 
Organism which we are talking of, Pseudomonas Acenitobacter, they were involved. And they recovered like 
magic, on 3rd day there were in one case, ventilator was off. In all cases at therapy on completion, there was a 
complete remission of all the resistant Organisms.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is on the Serum deal of 150 million doses per annum. 
Has serum guaranteed you minimum doses and what should be the pricing? Also what kind of overall margins can 
we see in this business?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: See, this is a deal which we have and there is a certain minimum quantity which is 
guaranteed after initial phase. That is one, second we expect significantly more margin per dose of vaccine 
compared to what we did for COVID-19 vaccines with the UK Government because what is profitable, we'll get our 
manufacturing cost. Additional there is a profit sharing.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is how much revenue from Emrok and Emrok O sales 
are that we report in nine months, FY 23 and what are the revenue prospects going forward?  

 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: So in the last few years since we have launched, we have been clocking upwards of 
Rs. 30 Cr in a financial year. And if you look at in terms of the number of patients who have benefited from Emrok, 
we have served 30,000 patients since its launch. It has also been used in various cases of COVID where patients 
had pneumonia and they developed resistant infections like IMSA infections. And in fact, some of the doctors even 
mentioned to us that it was useful to have Emrok launched right during COVID time because it helped them in 
dealing with some of the pulmonary and lung infections. More adequately, the clinical performance of the product 
has been remarkable in India, and there's been a very positive appreciation and also adoption of the product, from 
a clinical point of view. And we have, as I said earlier, we have filed the various emerging markets and we expect to 
get approval in about 8 emerging markets in the current year and we will expand that activity to a larger number of 
emerging markets in the following year.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you Dr. Murtaza. The next question is. Could you please benchmark efficacy of 
WCK 5222 versus other antibiotics recently approved and under trial.  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: Two things. One is very clear, there is no recent approved antibiotic which works on highly 
resistance  Pseudomonas, Acenitobacter Metallobactam, the one which works on KPC and OXA 18. That is 
common. The other three are very unique to WCK 5222 even varied existing works there are report that Avycaz 
which has got off patent recently and getting marketed in India has already there are reported developed resistance 
against Avycaz. So from that point of view, there are no drugs in the market which comes anywhere near 5222. At 
the same time, we don't see any drug in the clinical trial which are there in covering the spectrum. The only other 
drug which covers the spectrum among the new drug is Shionogi drug, but it has such side effects and it has 
received a black box warning for usage in the US.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. We move to the next question. Wockhardt has reduced external debt to 
Rs. 600 Cr. What are the total funding requirements over the next two to three years both on CapEx and R&D in 
the clinical trial space? And how do you intend to fund in this?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: I think I may have answered the question. We expected about USD 30 million of 5222 
CapEx we require in next to complete the clinical trial and we are looking for external funding for that purpose 
basically. And there are no CapEx required for manufacturing because 5222 we have derisked from manufacturing 
and we are getting it manufactured both API and formulation in approved FDA approved European facility and that 
is where the clinical batches are being manufactured for clinical trial and those are the companies where we will 
continue to manufacture commercial usage.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. The next question is particularly with respect to Serum, with COVID on 
decline are we confident of the 150 million dosages?  

 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala:  The whole issue is Serum is not looking at COVID as a vaccine. They are a very broad 
based vaccine manufacturer. Even before COVID was introduced, nearly 50% of world production of vaccine was 
done by Serum and they have such a strong dominance in the world. Any new vaccine which gets developed, 
Serum becomes one of the very natural partners for anyone to get manufactured and they have the capacity to 
manufacture API vaccine. Our arrangement with them is to manufacture the formulation for them in UK so that they 
have an access to many markets other than WHO markets. And also they get a strategic advantage of getting 
manufactured in UK of getting the partnership licensing arrangement. So one is not really looking at the COVID 
extension. But there are many other vaccines which are coming. They are highly valuable vaccine in terms of price 
and other thing. And that is where the collaboration is what they expect to happen.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you for moving to the next question. While closing your manufacturing in the USA, 
are we also cutting down on our sales?  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: I think what we have taken our call is in USA we had a manufacturing standing course 
about USD 25 million. What we have done is we have identified few products which contributed to more than 80% 
of our topline and more than 150% to 200% of our bottom line. Because these are high margin product and that is 
where we are getting it manufactured in US and Canada as a third party manufacturing product. So we have really 
not sacrificed too much of sales. At the same time, we have significantly increased our profitability of our operation 
in US and the losses which where you are entering that gets covered and we expect that overall margin of our US 
operation will be about 40%.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Sir. That was the last question for the day.  
Dr. Habil Khorakiwala: So let me just conclude this investor conference. Basically, I'm so happy that so many 
questions were asked and we had an opportunity to clarify. Dr. Murtaza, our Managing Director has given you very 
clear perspective of where we are today, where we will be there next 12 months and we will be there in next two to 
three years. And to just sum it up, I personally feel we are at a very important point in the life of the company and 
we are at a turning point stage. We went through challenging times in the past. But where we are moving forward is 
opportunities, opportunities and opportunities. Opportunities in biologics globally, opportunities in vaccine 
manufacturing with Serum. We are also in discussion with another large company for making their vaccines into our 
facilities. So UK is going to become an important source of revenue and profits. And most equally importantly, that 
we are getting very happy that 4873 will be completed clinical trial and launched next year in the other markets, 
Emrok is getting traction and obviously 5222 we are seeing that clinicals will be over, and we will try to see how to 
monetize the value coming out of 5222. With these thought thank you very much for being with us and wish you all 
very best, and even though it is late, I can still wish you all a great 2023.  

 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you so much. Sir and we wish you have a good evening. Please if you have any 
further questions, you can reach out to the Investor Relations team at Wockhardt or at Adfactors. We would be 
more than happy to take all your questions and address each and every of your questions or E-mail or set a 
meeting with the management. With that I hand it over to Dr. Murtaza for his closing remarks.  
Dr. Murtaza Khorakiwala: I would also like to thank all of you for being a part of the investor conference. And as 
chairman has summed it up very nicely. We are looking at opportunities, opportunities and opportunities in all areas 
and we are at a turning point and we hope to come back to you sequentially and deliver on the performance and 
the results that we have very clearly identified over the next 12 to 24 months. Thank you once again and a very 
good evening to you and have a great 2023.  
Snighter Albuquerque: Thank you, Dr. Murtaza. With that, we end today's investor call. Thank you everyone and 
have a pleasant evening.  
 
Statutory Declaration: Certain statements in this concall may be forward-looking statements. These statements are 
based on management’s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These 
statements are not guarantees of future results. 
Note: This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy. 
 
