22 February 2023
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
This is further to our earlier letter dated February 15, 2023, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of 
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, held on February 15, 
2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts .
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q3 FY23 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 15, 2023 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Management:  
Dr. Azad Moopen – Chairman & Managing Director  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Chief Financial Officer, GCC 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Country Head- Finance, India 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Balachander R  
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 2 of 27 
Balachander R: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare's earnings 
conference call for the third quarter of Financial Year 23. The company 
declared the Q3 FY23 results last evening. I hope you've got a chance to 
review them, along with other materials, which were posted on the stock 
exchanges and the company website. 
Today, to discuss the quarterly business performance and the future business 
outlook, we have the senior management team at Aster DM Healthcare 
available with us. It includes Dr. Azad Moopen, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, 
Non-Executive Director;  Mr. Amitabh Johri, Chief Financial Officer for GCC 
Operations and Mr. Sunil Kumar, Chief Financial Officer for India Operations 
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in the listen-only mode for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get 
a chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the ‘raise hand’ 
icon in the Zoom application at the bottom of the window. We will call out 
your name, after which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask 
your question. We request you to please limit your questions to 2 but not 
more than 3 per participant at a time. Post the completion of your query being 
answered, we will lower your hand. 
I would like to inform that certain statements that may be discussed in this 
meeting that are not historical facts and might be forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and 
uncertainties like government actions, local, political, or economic 
developments, technological risks and many other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant 
forward-looking statements. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be in any 
way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking 
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 3 of 27 
With this, I will ask our Chairman, Dr. Azad Moopen to start with the opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you, Bala. Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Thank you 
all for joining us for the earnings call for the third quarter of financial year '23. 
The COVID-19 pandemic fortunately is very well under control with improving 
herd immunity of the population worldwide. We hope and pray that we won't 
have the challenge of a portent variant in future. It's very important that we 
remain vigilant about COVID as well as other infectious diseases, which are 
capable of playing havoc with the health of world population as we have seen. 
The International Monetary Fund recently published its forecasts, painting a 
slightly less gloomy picture, as inflation appears to have peaked in 2022, 
consumer spending remains robust and the energy crisis following Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine has been less severe than initially feared. That’s not to say 
the outlook is rosy, as the global economy still faces major headwinds and a 
fall in growth from 3.4 percent in 2022 to 2.9 percent this year, before 
rebounding to 3.1 percent in 2024. However, it is relieving that the IMF 
predicts the slowdown to be less pronounced than previously anticipated. 
As per IMF, growth in India is set to decline from 6.8 per cent in 2022 to 6.1 
per cent in 2023 before picking up to 6.8 per cent in 2024, with resilient 
domestic demand despite external headwinds meaning India will remain the 
world’s fastest growing major economy both in 2023 as well as 2024. With 
the thriving economy and our strategic initiatives, we are able to produce 
excellent revenue and profitability growth in India.  
The oil and non-oil sector  in UAE continue  to do well with good  growth being 
predicted in 2023, showing resilience in the face of global economic 
headwinds. UAE continues to be a preferred destination for businesses and 
people, but the saturation is producing demand supply issues in healthcare 
sector, reducing growth. The introduction of Corporate Tax as well as the 
insurance related issues also shall have an impact on the profitability of 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 4 of 27 
businesses. One of the major opportunities in the GCC is the opening up of 
Saudi Arabia with its large population and thriving oil economy.  
Let me now discuss briefly the financial performance of Aster for Q3 of FY23,  
• 
At a consolidated level, we posted a revenue of Rs. 3,192 crores which 
is an increase of 20% when compared with the same period, last 
financial year.  
• 
EBITDA was Rs. 449 crore when compared to Rs. 397 crore in Q3 FY 
22, an increase of 13%. EBITDA growth was impacted due to losses 
from new hospitals in GCC. Adjusted for this loss, EBITDA was Rs. 468 
crore, an increase of 15% over last year Q3.  
• 
Profit after tax (post-NCI) stands at Rs. 139 crore when compared to 
Rs. 148 crore in Q3 FY 22. Profit After Tax (post-NCI) excluding losses 
from new hospitals is Rs. 180 crore, a growth of 12%  
• 
The Aster India business continues to grow well with revenues 
growing 25% to Rs. 771 crore and EBITDA increasing by 13% to Rs. 115 
crore and Profit After Tax (Post-NCI) stood at 30 crore as compared 
to Rs. 27 crore in Q3 FY 22, a growth of 11% 
• 
With respect to the GCC business, revenue grew 19% year-over-year 
to Rs. 2,421 crore and EBITDA grew 13% year-over-year to Rs. 334 
crore as compared to Rs. 296 crore in the same period, last financial 
year. 
Moving to the operational updates for the quarter – 
Aster India continues to have excellent growth as seen from the above 
numbers and is slated to grow further in the coming years. Some of our 
hospitals have reached almost full capacity and we are adding new beds in 
such areas.  We are also setting up new hospitals in the geographies where 
Aster is the leading brand. The work on the new 200-bed Aster Hospital 
Kasaragod has begun. We are also in the process of adding 100 beds in Aster 
Hospital Kannur and 100 beds in Aster Medcity, Kochi. The work on the Phase-
II 275 bed Aster Whitfield hospital in Bengaluru is nearing completion and we 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 5 of 27 
shall soon be starting the construction of Phase-I 350 bed Aster Capital 
Hospital in Trivandrum.  
One of the strategies we adopted is to add more beds by O&M-Asset Light 
model to take healthcare to the suburban areas without incurring cost. In the 
last quarter we added 150 beds at Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh and we are 
adding another 100 beds this quarter in G Madegowda Hospital in Mandya, 
Karnataka.  The total number of beds added this financial year in 3 asset light 
hospitals is 390 beds.  
We also acquired 100% shares in Adiran IB Healthcare Private Limited, 
through our subsidiary Dr. Ramesh Hospitals at a cost of just 1.6 crore. With 
this acquisition of 50 bed hospital, we now have a total capacity of 263 beds 
in Vijayawada and 913 beds in 6 hospitals in AP, becoming the largest 
healthcare provider in the state with presence in Vijayawada, Guntur, Ongole 
and Tirupathi. We are adopting strategies to improve the revenue and 
margins in the state, including the acceptance of Arogyashree cases.  
Last quarter we announced our intent to increase the stake in the profitable 
Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) subsidiary which operates 4 
hospitals in North Kerala with 1,464 beds. We have started the process and 
are hopeful of increasing our stake from 74.14% to over 76% in coming 
months.  
Coming to our other asset light businesses, as on 31st December 2022, we 
have a total of 239 ‘Aster Pharmacy’ branded retail stores (105 in Karnataka, 
72 in Kerala, 60 in Telangana, and 2 in Andhra Pradesh), which are operated 
by Alfaone Retail Pharmacies Private Limited ('ARPPL'). 
The Aster Labs has established its presence in Karnataka, Kerala, 
Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and Telangana. As of 31st 
December 2022, there are 2 reference labs, 18 satellite labs, and 157 patient 
experience centres. The restructuring of the lab management with expansion 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 6 of 27 
of retail pharmacy outlets will enable us to establish Aster Omnichannel 
ecosystem more effectively.   
I am happy to let you know that the Aster Health Academy, which was 
launched recently with HQ at Bengaluru shall be leveraging our internal 
capabilities and external resources to develop the next generation of 
healthcare leaders. Apart from the managerial courses the Academy is also 
developing repository of clinical courses in collaboration with world-class 
healthcare providers. 
In the GCC region, there were challenges in last quarter due to losses from 
the new Aster Sharjah Hospital and Aster Royal Hospital, Muscat. These are 
temporary in nature and utilization of these hospitals is expected to increase 
in the coming quarters. The future opportunity in GCC is in Saudi Arabia with 
a population of 30 million which is equal to the combined population of all 
the other GCC countries. We were struggling earlier with the Aster Sanad 
Hospital in Riyadh which has now turned profitable with 10% EBITDA margins 
this financial year. We are looking at other opportunities including the rolling 
out of a network of pharmacies. Alisha will speak more on the GCC related 
matters. 
I wanted to inform you certain management changes which has happened 
during the quarter. Mr. Sreenath Reddy has stepped down from the post of 
Group CFO on 5th January 2023, which was a planned activity on the basis of 
restructuring of the company, which is in progress. That's a restructuring 
where we think that the GCC and India will demerge and the structure will 
change. Going forward, the GCC finance matters shall be looked after by Mr. 
Amitabh Johri, who is presently the CFO for GCC as well as the India part shall 
be looked after by Mr. Sunil Kumar, who is presently CFO of India. Accordingly, 
both of them shall be addressing you on both geographies today, and they 
will be available for any queries, now as well as in the future regarding the 
investment-related matters. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 7 of 27 
The Investor Relations position, which was vacant, has been filled up by a 
highly experienced senior IR Professional, who will be joining us in April. He 
will also be responsible for our M&A activities in India. We have begun the 
process of selecting the CEO for India and expect to have the position filled 
within the next 2 months.  
Status of Restructuring  
We have been updating you about the progress on the restructuring process. 
While we have shared in past that Board formed a sub-committee in March 
22 and appointed Investment Bankers in June 22 who had reached out to 
Potential Investors. 
The Company’s investment bankers have received interest and indicative 
terms from potential buyers of Gulf Co-operation Council region (‘GCC’) 
business. The investment bankers are working actively with the potential 
buyers on terms and their advisors are conducting due diligence on the GCC 
business.   
The investment bankers have communicated that the binding bids are likely 
to be received in Q1 of Financial Year 2023-24.   
Upon submission of the final evaluation by the investment bankers, the Board 
shall review the proposals of sale of the Company's business in the GCC. 
Appropriate intimations and impact/ disclosures will be made as and when 
any conclusions are arrived at and approved by the Board. 
I now request the Deputy Managing Director, Alisha Moopen, to elaborate 
more on the GCC business, the Digital Transformation and other strategic 
initiatives undertaken by Aster. 
Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, everyone.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 8 of 27 
 
As Chairman mentioned, we are seeing Covid receding, and UAE is seeing 
increased traffic of visitors and return of expats who had moved out during 
the Covid period.  
The overall numbers of GCC have seen a Revenue increase of 19% and 13% 
EBITDA increase over last year. The GCC business EBITDA excluding 
operational losses from the new hospitals commissioned during this period is 
Rs. 468 crores, which a growth of 15%.  
At segmental level, hospitals revenue during the quarter 3 increased by 22% 
Y-O-Y. We expect this hospital business to grow larger, especially with the 
installation of the new beds of Sharjah and Oman. But the empanelment of 
the new facilities has been a little bit more extended and delayed than we had 
anticipated. This is the intense negotiation that is a reality of a med-free 
insured market that we are facing. We want to make sure that we get the 
right contracts and the right rates in place for the large facilities and big 
infrastructure that we are building up. So while we were hoping that most of 
this will be done by the end of Q3, this has starting a little bit more delayed 
than we anticipated. But we know that we will be seeing much larger growth 
as these empanelment are complete. The Retail business saw an increase in 
Revenue by 36%, and that kind of lends itself to the focus we've had on 
increasing non-insurance business while the core revenue of Clinics business, 
that is excluding the PCR revenue saw an increase of 35%.   
On few of the business updates, as Chairman mentioned, we are kind of laying 
the foundation for Saudi in a big way. We are working on all the regulatory 
approvals to set up the joint venture with our partners Al Hokair Group. We 
are expecting to set up our first facilities in Q1 '23-'24. Our plan for the first 
year is to have 50 pharmacies to be rolled out and things are working 
according to the plan so far. 
Aster DM Healthcare has launched ‘Wellth’ — a hub of integrative medicine 
in the UAE which was in November last year. This was, again, to move towards 
a more wellness initiative within the UAE to help people lead healthier lives, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 9 of 27 
alleviate chronic lifestyle diseases and also have to prevent hereditary 
afflictions.  
‘Wellth’ will be managed by Medcare with a range of services including sleep 
improvement, anti-ageing and regenerative medicine consultation, addiction 
management, preventive screening package, osteopath treatments and much 
more at its premises in Jumeirah, Dubai. Wellth will also have avant-garde 
technology that will facilitate DNA Testing, Chronic Disease Management and 
so on. This is a completely new venture within the Medcare Vertical 
Aster Pharmacy, the retail arm of Aster DM Healthcare, has entered a 
strategic partnership with UAE’s largest online food delivery and q-commerce 
platform Talabat to bring prescription medicines directly to the front door of 
patients in Dubai. Post-COVID, what we are seeing is an increased activity of 
delivery of medicines, but we wanted to extend it one step further to enable 
prescription delivery with this aggregator partnership. 
  
Under the strategic pact, Aster Pharmacy customers can upload their medical 
prescriptions securely and easily through the Talabat app to make 
prescription medicine purchases, beginning February 1st, 2023. The 
partnership is designed to save consumers time and money in line with 
Dubai’s vision to provide the highest quality of specialized and accessible 
health care to its community members by pursuing efficiency, appropriate 
allocation and utilization of resources. It aims to create a complete ecosystem 
of care that fully utilizes the latest technologies to enhance patient-centered 
care and help ensure medication adherence compliance in line with Aster DM 
Healthcare’s mission to continue to improve accessibility to healthcare. 
As Chairman mentioned, we have made good strides as far as our digital 
health ambition is concerned. Our foray into digital health with myAster has 
seen significant traction in the third quarter. We are ranked the #1 free 
medical app in the UAE, across both App Store and Play Store. We are 
currently at about 220,000 net downloads up from 86,000 in the last quarter.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 10 of 27 
Both Consultation and e-Pharmacy services that are live on the platform saw 
significant growth during this time. This is owing to the improvements that 
we rolled out on the platform across - smoother appointment booking flows, 
quicker search, conversion focused product listing and product detail pages - 
all of which were done based on consumer research and feedback we 
obtained in our pilot days.  
In the third quarter, about 38,000 appointments were booked through 
myAster, nearly 18,000 of which were just in December alone. This number 
has continued to scale since. We've had nearly 1 million transactions on the 
app, a combination of appointment bookings as well as the pharmacy orders. 
The e-Pharmacy orders have increased by 150% month on month. Our Non-
Prescription orders on our digital channels have now grown by 2x in 
comparison to the prior quarter and this number is continuing to scale. The 
Home Delivery business continues to trend more than AED 10mm on average 
per month. We are working on improving efficiencies of our rider base using 
state of the art technology which shall help us to scale the digital orders 
further without major increase to our cost base. 
I will now request our GCC CFO, Amitabh Johri and India CFO, Sunil Kumar to 
take you through the details of the financial and segmental performance of 
the quarter. Thank you. 
Amitabh Johri 
Thank you, Alisha. Good morning, everyone. On a consolidated basis, our 
revenue from operations for the quarter is Rs. 3,192 crores, an increase of 
20% year-on-year. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was at Rs. 449 crores. 
This quarter also saw operational losses from 3 new hospitals, namely Aster 
Hospital Sharjah and Aster Royal Muscat in GCC. And 1 India hospital, Mother 
Hospital Areekode. This impacted the quarter's EBITDA. So excluding the 
losses from these new losses, the EBITDA stands at INR 468 crores as against 
INR 406 crores during the same period of the last financial year, which is a 
growth of 15%. Consolidated PAT post NCI is at INR 139 crores as compared 
to INR 148 crores in Q3 FY22. Excluding losses from new hospitals, as I called 
out earlier, the PAT post-NCI stands at INR 180 crores. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 11 of 27 
Coming to 9 months performance, the revenue from operations stood at Rs. 
8,671 crores, a growth of 15% compared to same period, last financial year. 
EBITDA was at Rs. 1,060 crores compared to Rs. 1,021 crores in FY22 9M. 
Excluding losses from new hospitals, the EBITDA was Rs. 1,123 crores which 
is a growth of 9%. PAT (Post NCI) was at Rs. 254 crores compared to Rs. 300 
crores in FY22 9M. Excluding losses from new hospitals and one-time other 
income, PAT stood at Rs. 346 crores, which is a 11% growth. 
Revenue from our GCC operations was Rs. 2,421 crores, an increase of 19% 
year-on-year. Our previous year had significant COVID revenue, which makes 
some of the revenue and EBITDA numbers not comparable. Q3 for the last 
year had almost INR 207 crores of COVID revenue. The core business revenue 
growth, excluding this COVID testing was 32% on a year-on-year basis.  
EBITDA from GCC operations stands at Rs. 334 crores. Excluding losses of new 
hospitals in GCC, the EBITDA stands at Rs 350 crores Q3 FY 22, a growth of 
15%. 
Coming to the segmental performance for the quarter. GCC Hospital revenue 
was at Rs. 1,059 crores, an increase of 22% Y-O-Y and the EBITDA stands at 
Rs. 171 crores compared to Rs. 141 crores in FY 22 Q3, a growth of 21% Y-O-
Y. Excluding losses from new hospitals, the Hospital segment had an EBITDA 
of Rs. 188 crores. The EBITDA Margin adjusted for losses from new hospitals 
was 18.1%. 
GCC Clinics revenue stands at Rs. 662 crores, an increase of 4% Y-O-Y. 
Normalized for the Covid testing, the core business of the clinic segment grew 
by a healthy rate of 35%. EBITDA for GCC Clinic segment stands at Rs. 142 
crores, at 21.5% margin. 
GCC Pharmacies revenue increased 36% Y-O-Y basis on the back of our new 
initiatives like e-pharmacy, home delivery and new stores being open. From a 
revenue of Rs. 608 crores to Rs. 829 crores on account of additional sales have 
been generated in this quarter. EBITDA increased from Rs. 76 crores to Rs. 98 
crores, an increase of 29%. EBITDA margin for this segment is at 11.9%.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 12 of 27 
GCC net debt stands USD 203 million as at 31 December 22 compared to USD 
197 million as at 31 March 22.  
Now, I request the CFO for India Operations, Mr. Sunil Kumar to take you 
through India performance during the period. 
Sunil Kumar M R  
Thank you, Amitabh. Good morning, everyone. For the quarter ended 31 Dec 
22, India revenues have increased to Rs. 771 crores, up by 25% from Rs. 618 
crores in Q3 FY22. EBIDTA from India operations have increased to Rs. 115 
crores with the margin of 15% compared to Rs. 102 crores in Q3 FY22 with 
the growth of 13%. Excluding the losses from the new hospital - Aster Mother 
Hospital, Areekode, EBIDTA is at Rs. 118 crores in Q3 FY23 with the year on 
year growth of 16%. 
For the 9 months performance, the revenue from operations stands at Rs. 
2,179 crores with the growth of 23% compared to Rs. 1,776 crores for 9M 
FY22. EBIDTA from India operations stands at Rs. 326 crores with the margin 
of 15% in 9M FY23 compared to Rs. 275 crores in 9M FY22 with the growth of 
19%. Excluding the losses from the new hospital, EBIDTA is at Rs. 336 crores 
in 9M FY23 with the growth of 22% compared to 9M FY22.  PAT (Post NCI) is 
at Rs. 99 crores compared to Rs. 49 crores in 9M FY 22 with growth of 104% 
year on year. 
With respect to the segmental performance, Revenue from India hospitals 
and clinics stands at Rs. 735 crores in Q3FY23 with the growth of 20% year on 
year. EBIDTA stands at Rs. 132 crores with the margin of 18% in Q3 FY23 as 
compared to Rs. 110 crores in Q3 FY22 with 20% growth year on year. 
Excluding the new hospital, the EBIDTA stands at Rs. 135 crores in Q3 FY23 
with the Y-o-Y growth of 23%. 
Aster India net debt stands at Rs. 455 crores as on 31 December 22 compared 
to Rs. 319 crores as at 31 March 22. The capital expenses for the 9M FY23 is 
Rs. 190 crores. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 13 of 27 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We would be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Mr. Bala to open the question-
and-answer session. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Mr. Sunil. We have now opened the question and answer session. 
So, any of you who would like to ask a question, please press the ‘raise hand’ 
icon and we will unmute you in order. Please go ahead. 
 
I think the first question is from Mr. Nikhil Mathur. Please go ahead, Mr. 
Nikhil. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Hi. Good Morning Everyone. Yes, 2, 3 questions I had. The first question is 
on the losses currently sitting in the 0- to 3-year maturity profile hospitals. 
If I look at GCC and India combined, this loss in 9 months at EBITDA level is 
around INR 66 crores. Given the planned bed additions in FY '24, do you 
expect these losses to further go up? Or are you now reaching a stage where 
some of the losses are still start getting absorbed with incremental revenue. 
So we might be entering a phase of flattish losses from these maturity 
profile hospitals  
Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So Amitabh, do you would like to take it up for GCC and Sunil for India?  
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure, Mr. Chairman. Nikhil, thank you for the question. So if you look at from 
a GCC perspective, as we called out, there are 3 hospitals that have been 
opened recently. We're having operating losses at least for quarter 3. Alisha 
had alluded to some of the empanelment that are open, which we expect to 
come sometime between quarter 4 of this financial year and quarter 1 of next 
financial year, so FY '24. Assuming that happens, it will allow us to start 
reducing the losses, and we expect that by at least quarter 3 or quarter 4 of 
next financial year, we should start seeing neutrality coming in, in terms of 
initial losses reducing significantly. That is on the profile of these 3 hospitals 
that are at course.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Yes, just one follow-up here. What is the planned bed addition in GCC in FY 
'24?  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 14 of 27 
Amitabh Johri: 
So we are looking at incremental beds of almost 150 -- close to 220 beds right 
now. When I say that 220 beds, this is between the Annex building that is 
coming up in Saudi. That's around 59 beds that are here. And incrementally, 
we are looking at another facility coming up in Dubai, where we have taken a 
fully fitted out facility for creating a multispecialty hospital. 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Nikhil, just to add to what Amitabh said, the 2 new hospitals, which would 
be coming up in FY '24. One of them will not have this insurance issues 
because it's already an extension -- it's an extension of existing facility. So, 
there is no empanelment that is required for that. The other hospitals will 
only be commissioned by Q4 of '24, around January time next year. So we 
again do not see losses of that unit for this coming year. So as Amitabh 
mentioned, we expect the losses of these 3 hospitals to flatten out with 
increasing revenue and increasing occupancy by Q3 this year.  
Sunil Kumar: 
India, bit of it, see, 0 to 3 years, we have 2 hospitals specifically Aster Mother 
Hospital Areekode and Whitefield Hospital. In the Whitefield Hospital, we've 
got 3 blocks, A, B and C. Only the currently operational one is the women & 
children block where there are hardly any losses. So whatever the losses 
which you are seeing is majorly contributed by Mother Hospital Areekode. 
And this being an O&M model, we don't expect that loss to continue in the 
next year. So that is one bit of it. From the next year point of view, the major 
hospital, which is going to get operational is only Aster Whitefield’s new block 
with 275 beds, and as you know, that's a bigger capacity with a full-fledged 
multi-specialty, including oncology, which we are commencing. So loss is 
going to be a good number. But at the same time, that is the only hospital 
which is coming up immediately. And what we see is other additional beds is 
going to come up only in the O&M projects, where we don't expect any major 
losses. So with that being in the picture, we don't expect huge losses in the 
coming years. That's going to be very minimal, whatever you're seeing there.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sure. The second question I had was on your initiatives on the pharmacy side 
in India. How many stores are you planning in India in the next 12 months 
to 24 months? And a question tied to that is that we have seen a couple of 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 15 of 27 
companies now listed Medplus and Apollo, having a very sizable presence in 
the southern market of India and also expanding into West. Being the third 
big entrant on the organized side, I mean, isn't it a bit late in the game 
because you already have a fairly established market on the pharmacy side 
and then you have to incumbent. So how easy or difficult would it be to kind 
of make a presence as a third player in this market?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So Nikhil, I'll answer the first part of that and -- second part of that, and Sunil 
will answer about the numbers, the number of units and all. So strategically, 
what we thought is that unlike other players who are much larger and much 
bigger, we are not looking at catching up on these numbers. What we are 
looking at are 2 things: one, an ecosystem to be created between our 
hospitals, pharmacies, labs and home care, which will happen with the 
myAster app, which is now launched in GCC, coming into India in the next 6 
to 8 months, this will tie up the patient and all the requirements of the 
patient. We have been talking about the omni-channel, which we hope that 
is the difference that we can provide unlike other providers, of course, some 
of our competitors or peer group have got that, but not to this level that we 
are looking at where we are tying this up. So for that, it is important that we 
have the pharmacies also. So if you look at the geographies where we are 
rolling out, this is not pan-India. We are looking at geographies where we 
already have hospitals and we can extend that whereby, for example, the 
patient who is discharged giving the medicines from the pharmacies around 
or doing the lab test there and even the home care post discharge. So we 
want the brand to have a wider presence. And second, to provide the patients 
that care. So number wise, we are not going to be anywhere near that, and 
that is the most important thing. 
The second part, which we are trying, we are again not looking at the -- I 
mean, the profits which are coming up from the actual medicine supply and 
all, we are looking at our own white-label products. We have this advantage 
of having the GCC business where we have a large number of white-labeled 
products. We are also trying to get this benefit in India, where we will be now 
looking at having white-labeled products, which are much more profitable 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 16 of 27 
when compared to the normal medicines. And we know that's a cutthroat 
competition with huge discount and all. We don't want to go into that online 
or off-line players, but we'll be looking at having a better margin through the 
white-label products. Sunil, will tell about the numbers. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yes. Thank you, Chairman. Adding on to that, Nikhil, number-wise, we already 
had 239 pharmacies, and we are expecting to close the year with around 260 
to 270 pharmacies. And the next 1 year, we are looking in a range of 125 to 
150 pharmacies is what we look at, at least in every year, we want to add up. 
That's a number bit of it.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sure. And then one more question, if I may just squeeze in. The O&M model, 
I understand it is more for India that we're talking about 300, 350 bed 
additions. Can you give some sense on what's the EBITDA per bed that you 
are targeting from this O&M model? I mean I think in India, you are at INR 
24 lakhs, INR 25 lakhs EBITDA per bed basis last quarter number. So any 
sense on how the EBITDA per bed can look like in this O&M model? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Sunil, do you want to answer that? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Thank you, Nikhil. More than EBITDA per bed, I would like to give you on the 
margin bit of it. See, in this O&M model, right, we are -- you know that we are 
putting in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. That means ARPOB’s are going to be lower. 
Second is that we are going to treat the scheme patients also because volume 
is the key there. So considering all those things and also the Capex investment 
is very low. That means to say we're getting the existing hospital with the 
most of the equipment being there and our investment in equipment, will be 
less. I'm talking about INR 5 lakh to INR 10 lakh per bed. So keeping that in 
mind, my revenue share will be on a higher end. And here, we look at a margin 
somewhere between around 15%. So that's the number we're looking. We're 
not looking at what we are in other hospitals wherein we are 20% above, 25% 
above. So that margins we are not looking at. It will be lower margin, but a 
higher ROCE. That's what we expect there. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 17 of 27 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So in terms of accounting, you will book proportionate revenues or it would 
be a management fee, what would you be looking at? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
No, it's not a management fee, it's just like the other O&M models, we book 
the complete revenue and complete profitability. The whole accounts will be 
running by us. And instead of us charging a management fee, we give a 
revenue share to the landlord. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. And where is that expensed out, the revenue share to the landlord? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
That will come as your normal rent basically on the EBITDA  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. Like a lease, right? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Right. Exactly. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Nikhil. The next question is from Amrish Kacker. Please go ahead. 
Amrish Kacker: 
My first question is just a follow-up on the O&M question. So I think the 
strategic rationale has been explained quite clearly. We also understand for 
our own brownfield and greenfield, what the future expansion looks like. 
Could you help me to understand how should I think about what the 
additions on beds could be looking out 2, 3, 4 years into this -- into the O&M 
model? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
No. What was that question, last part of it, I didn’t catch that. 
Amrish Kacker: 
How do I think about what is the capacity -- incremental capacity for O&M 
hospitals going forward? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So we think that we'll be able to add around 500 beds in a year through this 
model. This year, we already have reached 390 beds or so. And we have one 
hospital, which is in closure stage. So what we do is that we do a thorough 
DD. And we want to have all the requirements like the legal as well as other 
statutory requirements being met. Then only we enter into that. We have at 
least 15, 20 in consideration, but we make it very, very clear that we will enter 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 18 of 27 
only if all the requirements are being met. So at least one more hospital, we 
hope that we'll be able to do it this year or early next year, first quarter of 
next financial year. So answering your question, we are talking about adding 
about 500 beds in a year. And the best part of that is that, like what Sunil was 
mentioning, our total cost for this is so low, and that is going to have a high 
impact on our ROCE. 
Amrish Kacker: 
And this is the medium term, I mean we can think about this 500 beds a year 
for medium term, not just next year. The second question is just trying to 
understand a little bit more on the pharmacy and lab profitability. So we do 
now show the numbers, EBITDA and revenue numbers split out. And if my 
understanding is correct, the pharmacy business should -- because it's run 
by a third party, we should not be having a lot of losses in that. So is it mainly 
the labs that has a negative EBITDA. Could you help to understand -- explain 
that a little bit? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
What you said is exactly right.  So whatever we've given the segmental portion 
that covers only the labs and wholesale pharmacy. And as you know, our 
pharmacies are managed by another company called ARPPL. So we don't 
consolidate that numbers, but capture the wholesale revenue out of it. And 
as rightly said, 80% to 90% of the losses which are sitting there, that is 
contributed by Aster labs. You're right. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Just to extend that, I also wanted to just -- Amrish, I wanted to add that. The 
labs we have done a restructuring earlier this was being run as a vertical 
across all the geographies. Now we have aligned it with our individual hospital 
clusters. So this has produced a significant impact because now that 
ecosystem has started working, and that is producing one increased 
awareness as well as sales. Second, the cost also has come down. So we hope 
that by -- maybe in 6 months to 9 months, we'll be able to go into a breakeven 
on the lab side. That is our hope that at least by next year, we'll be able to -- 
towards the third quarter, we'll be able to go into a, I mean, breakeven state 
in the lab. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 19 of 27 
Amrish Kacker: 
If I may just slip a quick question in on the debt. How should we think about 
the debt evolution in India -- net debt? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Amrish, on net debt, excluding the lease liabilities, right, we should be in the 
range of which 2:1 ratio in our own Net Debt to EBITDA ratio would be around 
2. That's why we are looking at. Even now also, we are at just I think 1.6 or 
1.7. So considering that the Capex, what we already communicated around 
INR 190 crores are spent under the current financial year, we are -- because 
Whitefield is going to be operational and major medical equipment are going 
to be purchased in the last quarter. So we see that Capex growing to more 
than INR 250 crores, INR 300 crores. As per the previous guidance we've 
given, we expect to incur around INR 250 crores to INR 300 crores going 
forward, also considering we have got almost 1,800 beds in pipeline. So 
keeping all this in mind, we will be able to keep that ratio, net debt to EBITDA, 
excluding lease liabilities below around 2 is what we see. 
Balachander R: 
The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just a question, just like from last quarter, I think the Andhra, Telangana 
region, if there is an update because that seems to be the one 
underperforming cluster in the India business. So do you think that fiscal '23, 
it's going to be difficult and maybe we rebase and look at '24 as the earliest 
when this business can grow? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Exactly. So that's what we are also trying, while this quarter may see some 
improvement in the margins as well as overall profitability. But we hope that 
with the changes that we have brought in, including bringing some of the 
Aarogyashree related hospitals, which we were losing out. That was a 
strategic failure, which happened 2, 3 years back, but the COVID revenues 
filled it up. But now we are thinking that with that also coming into the 
picture, we'll be able to go to that pre-COVID levels of profitability. So you are 
absolutely right. With this, I mean, changes, we hope that it will go into -- I 
mean, the earlier levels as well as to the EBITDA as well as revenues going up. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 20 of 27 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Dr. Moopen, just probing here. When you look at the historical, let's assume 
fiscal '22 or '21 margins may be COVID. I'm looking only Andhra, Telangana 
cluster. It's margin 16% or 19%, right? Do you think that can be achieved, 
right? Or should we look at the fiscal '20 where 15% is the right number to 
go by? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So I will rather go for that 15% in the near future, next financial year, and 
then we hope that we'll be able to go beyond that in the -- as we go forward. 
Yes, what you said is right. 
Shyam Srinivasan 
Got it, sir, helpful. The second question is on the GCC pharmacy. I think pretty 
solid numbers for this quarter. I think there's an acceleration even when I 
look at Y-o-Y growth Q2 versus Q3 also. So what's driving that acceleration? 
Is it additions of a new pharmacy and rollout? Or is it just the same store 
also growth seem pretty strong? 
Dr. Azad Moopen 
Alisha, you would like to answer that? 
Alisha Moopen 
So it's a combination of what we haven't added too many new stores. So there 
is a lot of focus on same-store growth itself. I think we have been changing 
the assortments. We believe we think for like what Chairman was saying, our 
own product sale of our own products. We've been working on pharmacy and 
distribution business, where our products are now in the supermarkets and 
the duty free. So there's been a whole range of effort to sort of make sure 
there's a more balance between prescription and nonprescription 
dispensation. And so it's not really just new store additional growth. I think 
we added around 30 pharmacies last year. Amitabh, you want to add? 
Amitabh Johri 
We’ve added 12 pharmacies in this quarter. So that’s around 24 pharmacies 
from last year. So, it's not that much, in fact, just to add in to what Alisha said. 
In the initial months, we don't see too much of our sales boost coming from 
the new pharmacies. So it's more around operational efficiencies and the 
whole dispensation on the cataloging that we have done, that has allowed us 
to gather more sales revenues. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 21 of 27 
Dr. Azad Moopen 
So Shyam, I'd like to chip in here. So one of the things which Alisha mentioned 
in her speech was the myAster app and the home delivery. So this has a 
definite impact on that. And we hope that this will be the driver as we go 
forward, and that is going to be one of the major areas of focus for the 
company to go into that area of digitalization as well as the e-commerce base 
Shyam Srinivasan 
Got it. And just last follow-up. Is just the dilution in the margins when I look 
at 9 months or even quarter 3 over last year, is it the investments that is 
leading to dilution in margins and we should look towards, say, at some 
point of time, margins to be at least stable in this segment? 
Alisha Moopen 
You're talking about the pharmacy, Shyam? 
Shyam Srinivasan 
Yes Alisha 
Alisha Moopen 
Yes. So some of it is the new investments and like our Chairman said, as we 
are building up the myAster platform, we obviously have had -- we're doing 
some free deliveries, all of that kind of increased the scale up and adoption of 
the platform itself, but we expect it to sort of stabilize to what it was at the 
9% - 10%. But we really wanted to ensure that we are able to kind of push on 
the adoption, but we also wanted to do it without losing any money, we not 
just go with making it negative, but there's a slight dilution in margin you're 
seeing because of that increase. 
Shyam Srinivasan 
And the last data point, what's the private label sales now? And how has 
that been trending? 
Alisha Moopen 
It's roughly around 15%. So we're seeing a good improvement on that, which 
used to be around 11%. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Shyam. I think the next question is from Nikhil Chandak. Please go 
ahead 
Nikhil Chandak: 
So I had just one question, and this was on the GCC restructuring. I did see 
the comment in the notes to the account that you were expecting certain 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 22 of 27 
bids, etc in the first quarter of next financial year. What I wanted to check is 
-- please if you can share what is the broad thought process? Now this 
initiative has been on for more than a year, if I recollect. So I'm sure you 
broadly have a structure in mind. What I wanted to check is, are you looking 
at a complete exit of the GCC business and delinking the Indian listed entity 
from the GCC business? Or do you envisage a structure where the Indian 
entity continues to hold a part shareholding in the GCC business? And the 
third leg is if you are exiting the GCC business completely, I'm sure you would 
have some thought process on what do you do with the cash? I think some 
more concrete information on this will help because depressing the 
valuations of the listed stock? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So I will give you some insights into that. One part I can tell you that if this is 
going ahead, as the board has decided that or going ahead, it will be a 
complete segregation between the GCC and India. So it will be a sale of the 
GCC business by India listed company. So that is what I can give a clarity on. 
So that is what we have asked for this or the company has appointed the 
investment bankers who have got bids for buying the GCC business from the 
listed company. So that part, I just wanted to clarify. Then the other parts, 
how this money is going to be used when it comes to India, how is it going to 
be dividended out or used for expansion. I don't want to go into that because 
the Board has not decided how to do that, but it will be a significant amount, 
which will be appropriately used as per the Board's direction as we go 
forward. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Yes. So at least that is clear that there is no cross holding because that's -- 
that will not be great for a shareholder. So at least there's no cross-holding 
between Indian listed entity and whatever GCC or that's the eventual plan? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Nikhil, that you're absolutely right. That is very clear as well as whatever 
is happening now is for a complete clear cutoff between the two. 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Perfect. And my second question, no, that's very reassuring. And my second 
question is how do we take the India business in the other parts of the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 23 of 27 
country, is there a plan? Or do you still plan to be primarily a South-focused 
business? Or is there a plan to kind of go towards, say, West or North 
Central? Because the South has the most number of organized hospital 
chains at this point of time. So is -- are you seeing competitive intensity 
increasing in the South region? Or is it still a market where growth can come 
through for, say, the next 3 to 5 years? And the resultantly, do you see the 
need to go to other regions more aggressively than what you've done so far? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So we have now been in the south like what you know. But there are 
areas in South India, where we have not gone into -- for example, in Tamil 
Nadu where we are now trying to start off with something in Chennai, where 
we are looking for a hospital to be established, but we have not identified the 
right land. And but -- so I'm telling you that Tamil Nadu is a large opportunity. 
But beyond that, as we feel that there is more of saturation, we always have 
the desire to go into other parts of India, whether it is Northeast, whether it 
is North, whether it is other parts of India. We definitely will be looking at it. 
India is a huge opportunity. And as we have the bandwidth -- developed the 
bandwidth and we have the confidence that we'll be able to put it all together. 
We definitely will look at that. So this can happen in many ways. It can be 
organic, inorganic, like what you were talking about, the money coming into 
India maybe or maybe it's M&A. So we'll have to look at that. But we have the 
significant plans for India as we go forward. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Nikhil. The next question is from Rahul. Please go-ahead Rahul. 
Rahul: 
Just -- my question was just in regards to any outlook or guidance for the 
next financial year for the business as a whole in terms of revenue or EBITDA 
margins? What are you expecting, what are your targets? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So Rahul, we don't give any guidance regarding the revenue and profits. That's 
-- as you know, we can't do that. And while we have some internal projections 
and all, we can't tell the market what it is. But we see significant opportunities 
in India as well as in GCC, like what has been mentioned in the initial part of 
this, we are seeing the growth is very good in India. We hope that this will 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 24 of 27 
continue on the same pace. Even in GCC, there has been good growth. There 
have been some headwinds like -- not headwind actually, some losses, which 
were incurred by our hospitals, the 2 hospitals coming on stream, all of a 
sudden, we just have some impact. But we hope that this financial year, we'll 
be having. And beyond that, also Saudi also we mentioned. So we see the 
growth going forward to be at a -- I mean same or more better ways as we go 
forward, everything including the revenue, EBITDA, everything to be at a 
better place. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Rahul. The next question is from Naman Bhansali. Please go-ahead 
Naman. 
Naman Bhansali: 
My first question relates to the India business. So currently, we have some 
4,000 capacity beds, and we are looking to add another 1,800 beds by FY '25 
or '26 as per our latest presentation. So I just wanted to know the strategy 
here that are we looking to pause at any some point of time and realize the 
full potential of our business in terms of margins and leverage on the India 
side. So this is my first question. 
 And second is on the GCC clinic side. So the overall revenue has a 4% growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis. And I see the revenue per outpatient if I tried to calculate, 
it has risen significantly versus a Y-o-Y number. So as on a Y-o-Y basis, the 
revenue is largely flat and the outpatient seems largely at a decent growth 
at 7%, 8%, but the revenue per outpatient seems a big inflated number. So 
can you just put some picture on that? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So the first part, I will answer. And the second part, Alisha or Amitabh will 
answer that. So it's not that we are going to grow, I mean, just for adding 
beds. These are all strategic decisions which have been taken. Some of these 
are expansion of our hospitals where we know that immediately, that will get 
filled up and we will have significant benefit coming out of that. For example, 
what we are doing in our Kannur Hospital or Aster Medcity. And as well as 
what we have seen is that in our own geography and our main geography, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 25 of 27 
Kerala. As soon as we start a hospital, it gets filled up because of the brand -- 
the trust of people and the brand because of the large presence there. 
So what you will see is that the large part of these beds are going to be in a 
geography where we hope that this will get immediately going to a 
breakeven. You may be aware that our Kannur Hospital, when we started 4 
years back, went into a breakeven, cash break in within 8 months or less than 
a year. So definitely, we will be concerned to add more beds and just to put 
Capex into that. But only if we are confident that this can give a decent return 
on investment without much of delay, we will do that. But there are some 
strategic areas where we have to look at, like, for example, I mentioned about 
Tamil Nadu as we go forward. These are all things which we will be taking a 
call depending on our EBITDA and the Net Debt to EBITDA ratio. We'll be 
looking at that and arriving at a decision.  
But part of this growth also is coming from businesses which doesn't require 
too much of Capex, like the Capex-light model, which is 500 beds is what that 
we hope that we'll be able to add every year. So I know that the challenge is 
to have the growth at the same time, not to spend too much on the Capex so 
that there is -- the margins are kept and you have a better ROCE. We are very 
aware about that. And we hope that -- see, some of our hospitals, when we 
look at it, that's gone to that range of near 30% margin. So that gives us a lot 
of confidence. So some of the large hospitals we have. And many of these 
hospitals have gone to about 20% margin. So overall, we feel very confident 
about the India profitability. And we think that this is something which will 
help us to drive better profitability as we go forward. 
And Alisha, you want to say -- tell about it? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Naman, when you look at the previous quarters, you have a high OP 
number also because of the PCR visits. So their Per Patient Collection would 
be lower because it's PCR protection market. So what you're seeing now is 
our core business, the usual consultation, that's procedure, which is the 
higher -- which is the higher Per Patient Collection, which is tripling in now. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 26 of 27 
We just haven't been able to bring back the volumes as it was before, but we 
are seeing Q3 has been very strong and saying that Q4. So slowly it is you're 
seeing the volume, but it is going back to the Per Patient Collection that used 
to be part of the core business. So it's a little bit different comparisons. 
Naman Bhansali: 
That answers my question. And just one follow-up on the India hospitals. So 
what are the optimal occupancy rates that we can assume for a business, 
which is increasing on a quarter-on-quarter basis versus previous years that 
has reached around 70%. But what are the peak occupancies that our 
hospitals can do, if there are some ICU or PSU beds which are kept separate. 
So I just wanted a picture of that. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Naman, so if you see currently right on the overall, as you said, we are at 68% 
occupancy at the India level, but Kerala is around 80% currently. And 
Karnataka at 60% and Andhra clusters at around 50%. When you look at  what 
is the peak occupancy, we can go up to 80%, 85% easily. There are certain 
hospitals were in, for example, in the Kerala, they reach even 90% because 
they create certain holding period by holding beds and then manage the 
occupancy. So comfortably without any impact on the service excellence, 
easily, we can look at 85% occupancy. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay. And as you mentioned, Andhra and Telangana, which are some lower 
occupancy region for us. So what initiatives or what are the things that we 
are going to reach those segments at a higher occupancy rate? 
Sunil Kumar M R 
Naman, there, see, currently, one of the reasons as Chairman told in the initial 
call, we have stopped the scheme patients, right. So we are only currently 
treating the insurance and certain corporates and walk-in patients. So that is 
one of the reason why we have 50% occupancy. But now already, we are 
restarting the schemes. And also, there is a certain outreach clinics which we 
have started, that is trying to be getting more referrals. Then we're also trying 
to create certain implant centers with respect to certain specialties. So that 
will have -- considering that will have an impact to create more occupancy 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q3 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 27 of 27 
there. So but as I said, you can see even from the margin point of view, so it 
has slowly grown. We expect it to turn around very quickly post-COVID. 
In the initial quarter, it started with EBITDA margin of 7%, then went into 8% 
something, then now we will reach around 10% in the quarter 3. But overall, 
it's around 9%. But as we said that it's going to go a little slowly, we can't 
expect a faster ramp up, but we are seeing good growth coming into the 
future quarters. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Naman. If there is anyone else who would like to ask a question, 
please raise your hand. 
 
Since there are no more questions, this concludes the earnings call for today. 
I thank you all and the management for joining us today. If you have any 
further questions or queries, please do get in touch with us. Thank you all. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you, Bala. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability 
