lilll
l"3th February,2023
Il-ll lndustries Limited
Coroorate Office
I
Plot No.-tND-5, Sector_ 1
East Calcutta Township,Kolkata-7OO 
1 07
Telephone : (91 ) (33) j9B4947St9SZ4
Fax : (91) (33) 39849676
Web : www.ifbindustries.corn
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd,
Phiroze ]eejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-4O0001
The Manager
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No-C/1, G Bloch
Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai -400051
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Ltd.
7 Lyons Range
Kolkata-700001
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended December 31,2022 for
your information and records.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.ifbindustries.com
Yours faithfully
For IFB Industries Ltd.
G Ray Chowdhury
Company Secretary
Registered Oflice 14, Taratolla Road, Kolkata - 700 088, lndia. Tel (91) (33) 3048929919218, Fax. (91)(33) Z4Ol4'Tglg0/|ggzg}
E-mail reply@ifbglobal.com. CtN 151 109WB1974PLC0Z96gz
GOUTAM 
RAYCHOWD
HURY
Digitally signed by GOUTAM 
RAYCHOWDHURY 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=9adba4ae397edaeab736a63e77c5
d9d63e4aa40a4ad0813b42af23a44ccfd01a, 
postalCode=700094, st=WEST BENGAL, 
serialNumber=059745007738a074a634e635
ba7db7518c0224ea05901cfc9e17b245f30a3
2b6, cn=GOUTAM RAYCHOWDHURY 
Date: 2023.02.13 17:57:56 +05'30'

ni'H
lnctilstriss **irni**ci
"IFB Industries Limited Q3 FY'23 Conference CalI"
February 09, 2023
rsn
\, 
ft;lftM*L *341\{i
I.
c h a R.v 
rl.cA.L 
Lg
*ndustri*s &-ir*it*:c*
MnNncnMENT:
MR. Prunrn CunrrrRJEE - DrnncroR & Cumr
FrNaNcrar, OrnrcER, IFB InuusrRrns Lrvrrrnn.
Mn. Ra.rsuaNKAR Ray - MaNacrNG Drnncron &
Currr Exrcurrvr Onrrcnn (Hovrn Appr,raNcns), IFB
INnusrnrrs LrmrrED.
MR. Anur D,q,s - Hnau (ManxnrrNc & ENcTNEERTNG
Drvrsron), IFB lNuusrnrEs LrMrrED.
Mn. ANaNn Rnnny - Curnn Exncurrvn OrrrcER
(Moron DrvrsroN), IFB INnusrnrns Lrrurrnn.
MR. PRasnnrr, G.lnnur - Nrnvrar, B.q.nc
INsrrrurroNAr, Equrrrns.
MonrnaroR:
Page 1 of20

xwtl
**riLxstri*s tr- i r*l{.**}
Moderator:
Prasheel Gandhi:
Prabit Chatterjee:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IFB Industries Limited Q3 FY'23
Conference Call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' and then '0' on your
touchtone phone. Plcase note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank you
and over to you.
Good afternoon everyone. Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities welcomcs you all to 3Q FY'23
Earnings Conference Call for IFB Industries.
On the onset of the call, I would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to
host a call. From the management team, today we have Mr. Prabir Chatterjee - Director and
CFO, Mr. Rajshankar Ray - MD & CEO of Home Appliance, Mr. Arup Das Head of
Marketing, Engineering Division and Mr. Anand Reddy - CEO of Motor Division.
I would now like to hand over the call to management for opening remarks, post which we can
take questions from the participants. Thank you, and over to you.
Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all for IFB Industries Investors Call for the 3'd Quarter,
FY'23. Joining me today are Mr. Rajshankar Ray - MD & CEO of Home Appliance Division;
Mr. Arup Das Head of Marketing, Engineering Division; and Mr. Anand Reddy CEO of
Motor Division.
Now coming to the results, growth during this quarter was 4.5Yo. YTD growth for the period
ending December was 26.9Yo. Growth during Quarter 3 was flat mainly due to lower-than-
expected revenue in Appliance division, mainly during November andDecember 2022.
The Company has reported a total income of Rs. 981 crores compared to Rs. 938 crores during
the same quarter last year. During the 3'd Quarter, EBITDA was Rs. 33 crores which is 6o/ohigher
compared to 3'd Quarter last year. As a result of lowcr commodity price, material price reduced
by 2%, material cost. Reduction of material costs and a marginal hike in revenue resulted in
higher EBITDA during the quarter.
YTD revenue up to the 3rd Quarter December was Rs, 3,132 crore compared to Rs. 2,468 crore
for the same period last year. YTD growth in revenue compared to last year was 269%.EBITDA,
margin during the period was significantly higher at Rs. 145 crore colnpared to Rs. 75 crore for
the same period last year. YTD growth in EBITDA was 93%o. The major reason for higher
growth in EBITDA was higher revenue.
Page 2 of 20

rr$
lxd*stri*s L*r*ited
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
With this I will request you to start the question answer session please
Moderator:
Thank you. We will now begin the question answer session. We have the first question from the
line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK Investment. Please go ahead.
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
I wanted to ask you in your Home Appliances business what are we seeing? Are we seeing a
general slowdown across the board or is the Company losing market share? What is the situation
for Home Appliances?
Rajshankar Ray:
So, if you see the market slowdown in November and December, this was across the board
affecting all companies. So, the Company has not lost any market share, but November and
December unfortunately were two very bad months as far as the industry is concerned.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
So, was it bad for any particular segment or for all?
Rajshankar Ray
It was bad across the Board. The only thing that happened in the month of December, there were
some very high deliveries of air-conditioners by companies through their channels. But this is
not customer uptick this was basically building up of stock. But as far as washers, microwave,
dishwashers etc. were concemed, in general the customer movement in these two months is very
1ow.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And was it across or was it like rural or urban, where are we seeing such of the impact --?
Rajshankar Ray:
So, we have seen the impact across, there wasn't any specific urban or rural bias to this; it was a
general slowdown across. Now typically, what happens is that post Diwali, in the month of
November there is generally a lull. And there is some offtake that starts from the month of
December, but this time it was an extended lull.
As far as we are concerned, our focns remains on expanding our network and getting more out
ofour network. So, IFB per se, even in a market like this has enough levers to grow ifwe execute
all our levers properly. But the fact is, it was across the board demand slowdown in November,
December. There is no share loss, there is no market share loss.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Just to have an idea what would our approximate share be in each segment, market share?
Rajshankar Ray
So, can we give you those figures separately, because what we do is that we estimate market
share based on data from suppliers, what we understand their sales. So, there is one index of
GSK data that we use, and there is an internal estimate we make because GSK doesn't cover all
areas.
So, as far as front loads are concerned, our market share estimate is roughly in the range of 34%
to 35Yo, considering all the data points that we have. And there has been an increase in that from
the last year. And there is one segment in the front loaders, which is the 9 and 10 kg segments
Page 3 of 20

rs$
Rajshankar Ray:
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Rajshankar Ray
!ndustvies L;mit*d
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
in which we did not have modules present, where IFB shares was effectively zero. So, over the
last quarter, we have begun the introduction of the 9 and 10 kg into the markets and we expect
the overall market share gain from that introduction. As far as top loaders are concerned, our
market share is in the range of around 8% to 9%o.
Dhananjai Bagrodia
Just to understand top load-front load market share 3Yo to 4%o, how much would it be let's say
three years ago?
Rajshankar Ray:
Our market share over a three-year period I think has reduced by roughly around 4Yo to 5%. And
that reduction primarily carne around two yeals back, because the last two year period urarket
share has been more or less constant. But if you take a three year period, then the market share
reduction in front load would be a 4Yo to 5% reduction, and the top loaders would be an increase
by about a percent and a half.
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And so what about the other segments?
So, ifyou look at microwaves the IFB share has been constant and it is about22Yo to 23Yo. And
the position sort of rotates between LG, Samsung and IFB in terms of who comes in at number
one. Ifyou look at dishwashers, our market share is about 35Yo to 360/o. ln air-conditioners our
market share is still very low, it is in the range of around 2o/o to 2.5%.
In air-conditioners now with more and more competition coming in, what would be our strategy
now to grow the segment? How would we look to compete against the others?
What we have done is that we, if you look at the introduction of the manufactured range that we
have in 2020, and two years of the pandemics, and the associated problems with that we are
actually quite unhappy with the way the overall air-conditioning business is around that. And
we have also reported that we have made significant PBT level losses, after the investment on
this segment. Now, there were two major agendas to profitability and also to revenues on this
segment. One was the material costs. And that exercise we had started about a year back. And
starting this January, the material cost reduction program is almost complete. So, the effects of
that will starts from this quarter onwards. So, this was reason number one.
The second was that in terms of placement of our products on all the channels where IFB is
present, in the areas where we need to penetrate more through our distribution network etc. so
all the leamings that we have acquired over the last two, three quarters where we didn't make
much headway, from this quarter onwards in terms of the placement strategies, the strategy
around how to handle the channel mix, sort of the basic SKU structure or the commercial
structure with the channels, all that has been sorted out, and we are quite hopeful of good
volumes on that segment from this quarter onwards. So, currently, these are the two important
elements for IFB on this segment.
Page 4 of 20

IITII
**dustri*s Linrritstl
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Rajshankar Ray
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Rajshankar Ray
Moderator
Abiral Jain:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
I just had a one more question, just, sorry a follow up on the AC part, like how are we trying to
improve because every player is actually (Inaudible) 11.24 would we looking at more
movement in terms of going online or could it be limited shelf space also in a store? So, how
would we get that?
Yes, so the fight for the shelf space is a real fight. But what we have done is that we have stayed
at let's say premium mid-end to a slightly higher-end position consistently. And we haven't
lowered that positioning for the last two years. And in the areas where we have made sales taken
counter shelf, the product feedbacks has been very good. The channel retentions have been
healthy.
Now based on that experience is where the expansion of the placement and the shelf space
enlargement is taking place from this quarter onwards. So, are we going to be present
everywhere? Definitely not, that will take more time, because our price position is also more
towards the higher end of the price range basically. And we believe that is right because of the
performance and the feafures that we have. But in terms of getting what we want to ensure that
our factories will utilize that volume, we are quite hopeful that we will start delivering from this
quarter onwards based on all the works that has been done on the placement side.
You mentioned that our price point in AC is on a relatively higher side, would we look to like
really focus more on mass segment now?
No, right now, we are not looking at any reduction in prices or a change in the model range per
se. The pricing that we have versus the features and the values, there is a settled approach in the
market that is now building, so at least for this quarter and the next quarter, we will stay focused
on what we have. And at the end of maybe the l't Quarler of the next fiscal year then we will
look at the future developments that we need to do.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abiral Jain from SG India. Please go
ahead.
I have a couple of questions on the Appliances business. One is if you could just help us
understand the gross margin across product categories. So, you have front loader and top loader
as one, you have dishwashers, and you have ACs as a separate category. What sort of gross
margin is the Company realizing across and even a broad understanding would be helpful. And
how much the fixed cost expense has increased because of AC plant coming in. It is now a full-
fledged division versus earlier it was a purely a trading strategy in terms of fully built unit being
imported from China and being sold.
Please note we do not give any product specific margin, basically. The AC plant has fixed
expenditure specific to AC plant . How ever manufacturing AC is better than trading of AC
Iroduct.
Prabir Chatterjee:
Page 5 of 20

xsffi
&$dLcs*!"i** {*inlig.*d
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Abiral Jain
What I wanted to undcrstand was say for examplc, if Appliances division as a whole was
operating at say a 45% gross margin before --; what we understand is AC gross margins are
substantially lesser. So, is that right? I mean we do not want to know the exact numbers but just
want to understand thc variations.
Prabir Chatterjee
Yes, that is right, AC margins are lower than our other products.
Abiral Jain
And by what quantum, is it l0%, 5%, l5%?
Prabir Chatterjee:
Do not please ask about the quantum --. But I will say AC margin is lower compared to other
products that we manufacture, But it has improved over thc past, because we have done a lot of
localization and volume is also going up, so gradually margins are going up. But even then it is
lower than the front loading and other products.
Abiral Jain
And before the plant came up there was substantial Rs. 300 crores of AC revenues that the
Company used to do or had gotten to a scale. Was the margin comparable back at that time and
margin actually is lower now, when you have your own plant?
Prabir Chatterjee
No margin is not comparable . Investment in AC has resulted in higher cost & will stabilize once
we achieve revenue.
Abiral Jain
All I am asking is say on a 4 year rolling average basis, your AC gross margins pre-2020 was,
is it true that it was higher than what you have been able to deliver say in FY'21 --?
Prabir Chatterjee:
No the current position is better
Abiral Jain:
And fixed cost expense because of the plant, the whole manufacturing overhead, how much will
that be on ayearly basis because I see a number being called out ofPBT loss because ofthe AC
business in your Investor Rcport. So, just wanted to understand what's the fixed cost annual
addition that has come because of AC plant?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Ac loss is mainly due to lower than expected rcvcnue & higher fixed cost due to higher
lnvestment.
And in operating expense there is not much, there are in fact quarler-to-quarter ifyou compare
there is a reduction. And operating expense like I said around 80% to 85% is variable in nature.
And the fixed cost is very minimum there. So, I don't think we have impacted mnch, we have
reduced some fixed cost and there is furthcr scope for reducing it. But of course, AC related
fixed cost ifit is there it has to be recovered by higher revenue in it.
Broadly, and see I keep asking this qucstion every quarter is what and given material cost
reduction program is mostly complete you have worked on (Inaudible) 19:09 and pricing is
something that you would like to keep at the premium side. So, what sort of steady state
Abiral Jain:
Page 6 of 20

Irx
*ildLrctries {-irnited
Rajshankar Ray
Abiral Jain
Rajshankar Ray:
Abhinav Jain
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Appliances division margin that you would want to work with and which is achievable in the
short term, both at the gross margin level or maybe at an EBITDA level, because we have seen
quite a lot of fluctuation around gross margin and EBITDA margin in the appliances business
which were for genuine reasons of raw material, supply shortage and high commodity price
inflation. But I am assuming a big assumption is that things are settling down now. So, what is
achievable in the near term in the next two, three quarters? And what is the steady state that you
would be gunning for?
If you look at what we have also stated in many investor calls our internal target is to be able to
deliver double digits EBITDA margins. Now, the areas where we have not been able to deliver
as per our own intemal targets, one has been the material cost size which was in a lot of troubles
seems the commodity prices moved up from Jan '21 onwards, that exercise we have now
stabilized and a lot of the pressure will come off from this sort of.
And the second has been that there is a certain network that we have, there is an extraction which
we should get out of it. The progress on that is not in-line with our own expectations. So, if you
see up to the period of the 2nd Quarter or even up to October end, we did have a healthy growth
rate, but even we believe, I mean internally, our feeling is that even that what growth we should
have can be much more than what we are delivering. So, if we are able to do on the revenue side
what we are supposed to be doing, which is to be able to get extraction out for which a lot of
work is being done intemally integrated to ensure sales extraction, and the combined effects of
the material cost work, which is 99% complete. Both put together, we wouldn't want to give a
specific forecast on this, but we can be very close to double digit margins, which we have also
said in previous investor calls.
One clarification I need, and all this pertains to AC per se, rest of the divisions or product
categories there is no margin or volume challenge, so to say, am I fair in saying that?
So, if you see our financial results, the fact that we are losing money on the AC segments has
definitely affected the overall P&L. And what we intemally have targeted is that in Quarter 4
and in Quarter 1, we need a specific improvement on the AC segment. When the AC improves,
it has automatic positive effects of a significant decrease on the overall business. So, you are
right in this.
And there would be a very high salience of Q4 and Q1 given it's a summer product, any which
way.
And what we also, you had said earlier was the OEM part will also help you increase the
utilization of the AC plant. So, by now you would have significant visibility on the OEM volume.
So, is it per expectation ofwhat you have guided for?
Rajshankar Ray:
Yes, Q4 and Ql for the AC segment are the two main quarters, you are right.
Abiral Jain
PageT of20

Irn
l*d*$tris$ I-irnited
Rajshankar Ray:
Abiral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Abiral Jain
Rajshankar Ray:
Moderator:
Manoj Gori:
Prabir Chatterjee
Manoj Gori:
Prabir Chatterjee
Yes
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Yes whatever we have been given in terms of orders for Q4 and Ql, what we need to ensure that
the plant runs to the capacities it is in line with that, you are right.
And obviously a part of the BOM reduction the pricing improved or sorry, the improvement in
terms of lower cost must have been passed to the OEM customers as well?
So, with the OEM customers, there is an index pricing mechanism which is based on commodity
fluctuations every quarter the pricing also adjust every quarter. So, we have a quarterly
understanding with them.
Because all I am assuming is, I understand the indexation part for key components, but you
would have been engaging or at least broadly in terms of pricing with the OEM customers. And
given you have been able to achieve the material cost reduction program. So, does that sort of
improve your envisaged margins from the OEM segment at all or it stays the same, as in your
pricing to them was always keeping in mind that you would be able to achieve the targeted
material cost reduction?
So, yes, you are right to the extent that the material cost reduction program versus the price
expectation from OEMs will help the profitability on the OEM segments. But the larger part of
the profitability on the AC segments is the brand sales and the cost structure on the brand sales
side. So, yes, there will be an improvement on the OEM side, but the AC, P&L per se improves
if we sells to our target and the material costs exercise from this quarter onwards will start
showing the benefit.
Thank you. We have the next question in the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Security. Please
go ahead.
My question here is if you look at the employee cost from sequential basis has increased by
roughly around Rs. 9 crores to Rs. l0 crores. So, Mr. Chatterjee just highlighted like there were
increments but normally what I assume is or probably what I understand is that formally the
increments happened during Ql. So, why this time during Q3, any reasons specifically?
No, the appraisal process took I longer time & that is why it was delayed. There is no other
reason, because normally, In other tears normal increments comes late first quarter or in second
quarter --
In 3Q, Yes.
And when we say about incremental employee or headcount that we have added during the
quarter, so for those headcounts probably ifyou look at the factory has been running for AC. So,
Manoj Gori:
Page 8 of 20

IFII
Prabir Chatterjee
Not so much in factory, mainly in marketing and other areas to increase the network.
Manoj Gori
l*elustrl*s {-9rnitsd
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
probably like those new employee count would be for which category, can you throw some light
over there?
So, Rajshankarji, this question is for you. so, probably when we say like you just highlighted
like, we have not been able to get the desired level of extraction from the channel. And still we
have been deploying new headcounts and obviously --. And in fact, one compliment that I would
like to give is ifwe look at the product quality and the product aesthetics, IFB definitely has an
edge over competitors. So, whether we talk about the industry giants as well, I do believe like
products are relatively better. So, what are the major challenges that we are finding on the
extraction side, because this thing is something we have been aspiring for long now on the
extraction part?
Yes, so you are 100% right and we are also internally quite unhappy with progress per se on this.
And if you ask me, there are a primary channel is that there is a large part of the network in India
which is fed through distributions, which is the indirect retail network. And this was a nefwork
that we sort of, were not present in at all. And over the last two, three years, there have been a
lot of focus in getting the network right. But in terms of having the right set of distributors,
ensuring that the KPIs in the system probably settle down well, and everyone knows what they
have to do if you are a IFB distributor or the IFB employees that we have the product placements
properly done etc., it is taking us some time to really do this well. And we are also not very
happy with the pace. But in terms of the extraction increase from the network that we have, the
largest area of ensuring is through the distribution network.
Now to some extent the distribution nefwork is dependent on products that are more mass in
nature, so let's say a top loaders or air-conditioners. Now the air-conditioner story is still taking
us some time, I believe that from this quarter onwards the distribution network will really see
AC the way that we should have been present let's say few years back. The top loaders etc. our
range is still positioned high, so even though large parts ofthe distribution network are able to
sell it, 100% ofthe network is unable to sell it because our price points are higher. So, to some
extent, it is the product basket that we have, but more it is to do with how we are running the
distribution channel effectively. And you know, that is the work that we have to complete, Manoj
basically. So, if our progress is slow, it is slow because on that area we are behind our own
intemal targets.
One more observation has been even in the washer, when we look at. So, even in the west or in
the north when we visit the stores or any of the large format stores like Croma or Vijay Sales or
Reliance Digital, we are able to see your front load washing machines. What is missing is your
top load fully automatic washing machines are not even in display. So, if we look at probably
when it comes to pricing, we are very near to these largest players in the industry. But still we
are not able to see that washing machine and the one feedback that we are receiving, especially
in the west market is that IFB normally should be preferred as a front load washing machine, not
Page 9 of 20

rrx
lcldxstries Llrnited
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
for the top load one. So, what's actually like this negative perception among the channel or
probably what's happening over there, because now ifwe look at we have done our in-house
manufacturing, since many years now, it's more than four or five years, if I am not wrong, for
top load washing machine, but still we are not able to see even in the large format stores.
Yes, your feedback is right that the placement ofthe top loaders in the larger stores is below par.
And in fact, from this quarter onwards, in terms of the expansion of the placement of the top
loaders in let's say a Reliance or a Croma we have taken that as our primary target in terms of
the large key accounts how to increase placements of the products that we have. So, that is a
agenda to be completed in this quarter or in the next quarter. But your feedback is absolutely
right. So, the top loader needs more placement from our side because it's a good product and the
expansion in the placement itself will be a significant rise in volume.
Because see, I personally use it and I am very comfortable with the product quality. So, I think
it's a low hanging fruit for us because it definitely goes well with our front load washing machine.
Yes, you are absolutely right, it is a very low hanging fruit. And you can get much more out of
revenues quickly on this, and the increase in the placement is something that we have taken as a
specific task for this quarter, especially with channels like Reliance, Croma, etc.
One more question on the gross margins, you have answered a lot, but when I look at the gross
margins in last quarter, if I am not wrong, you highlighted like we have taken some pricing
actions and also then if you look at the commodity prices have also cooled off significantly. But
when I look at the sequential gross margin improvements, probably if we look at the gross
margin, probably those have declined on sequential basis.
I think the effect of the reduction in the commodity prices or the material cost action that we
have completed comes into full effect, once the pipeline inventory clears up. So, this impact of
the material costs on the gross margin we will start seeing from this quarter onwards.
And last question on the room AC side. So, obviously, when you look at the current scenario so,
with intensified competition, most of the brands have been going very aggressive in pricing. So,
I would just like to understand your strategy obviously you gave a brief description about the
product portfolio. But on the channel side, when we look at probably there would be something
which even channel would be positive on because of the higher teams or margins that they would
be able to generate on the MOps. So, what sort of margins we would be offering to channel as
compared to other players in the industry?
Manoj Gori
From Q4 onwards?
Rajshankar Ray
Yes, so in this Q3 for example --
Prabir Chatterjee: 
In Q3 we have got in appliance around,2o/o reduction in material cost.
Manoj Gori:
Page 10 of20

rrn
lndustrl*s L*rvrit*d
Rajshankar Ray
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
Manoj Gori
Prabir Chatterjee: 
And same is also expanding.
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Prabir Chatterjee:
YTD growth is around 26%.
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
IFB Industries Limited
February 09, 2023
This varies tremendously across India. And typically, you might find that the channel operates
ACs in many places on a margin of let's say Rs. 500 to Rs. 1500, because of the excessive
presence of some of the mass brands there is a lot of discounting that happens. Now, what we
have understood based on our previous season's experience, because we sort ofpursued this idea
of proper pricing based on our conviction was about the product then the additional retention
because of the lesser discounting that people need was to get anyrrhere between Rs. 1,000 to Rs.
2,000. Hence I was saying that as far as the IFB retentions are concemed, the experience in the
channel has been good. And that is also helping us to increase the channel size from this quarter
onwards.
And we have our service network in place as compared to the other players in the industry
Yes we have a very wide and a very well presence service, equal to the best in the industry
Right.
And lastly if we look at temperatures have definitely been picking up over the last few days.
And what we hear is the south has been witnessing some demand uptick. Are we seeing any
green shoots or probably any revival in demand whether in rural or in urban markets or anything?
So, January was better than November and December, definitely. February seems to be similar
to January, but we have to wait a little bit. But the excessive downward dip of November and
December has definitely reversed in January.
But we are witnessing on YoY basis at least we are seeing some growth in the Home Appliances?
YoY growth till October was much higher, it's actually November, December --
But again, so probably if you look at majority of the growth has come from the Ql, because
obviously it was base was a COVID impacted period. But when we look at Q2, it was 10%
growth, and Q3 was roughly around flattish on YoY basis. So, I am just like whether in Q4, at
least so far, we have been seeing that growth momentum.
So, if you see, we haven't seen it as yet, but based on what is happening in the market in January
and February at the end of the quarter, yes we should see it.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhargav .B from Kotak Mutual Fund.
Please go ahead.
Moderator:
Page 11 of20

rs$
lndustri*s Linrit*d
Bhargav B:
Rajshankar Ray
Bhargav B:
Prabir Chatterjee
Bhargav B:
Prabir Chatterjee:
Rs. 410 crore plus.
Bhargav B:
Prabir Chatterjee:
It' is making good margin.
Bhargav B
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
In the press release, we read that we are sort ofupgrading our IFB points at a very aggressive
pace, 30 store in '23,150 store in FY'24. So, what is the rationale for doing this? Is it sort of a
brand strengthening exercise that we are sort of trying to emulate LG, Samsung who also sort of
spend a lot on their EBOs and that sort of brand building strategies to push premium products.
So, our investments on our IFB point has been consistent over many years now because we
believe that's good for the brand and also it is good for the revenue. What we have put in the
newsletters is that there is a new design that we piloted, we just enhanced the customer
experience. So, now the earlier design ofthe IFB stores that we have, we are going to change
them to the new design and that is the roadmap. So, we will be doing 30 odd stores in this fiscal
year, and then a bulk of the stores in the next fiscal year.
So, per se our spending on the IFB points has remained consistent to what it has been, notjust
in terms of investment in bringing up the store but also in the marketing and the activations
around the IFB point. It's a very important channel for IFB.
And how profitable is this as a channel?
This is profitable and from my IFB point, on a yearly basis, we have at least Rs. 410 crores to
Rs. 415 crores of revenue. And margins are profitable.
And what is the revenue of IFB points?
And on profitability is it similar to the company 
^verage 
or lower than the company average?
And my last question is that the given that our positioning in ACs is on the premium side. But if
you look at the Indian mindset, fypically for a Indian brand they would sort of compare that on
pricing and if it is at a premium they would go for an MNC brand. So, eventually channel
incentives will play a significant role in order to push the product. So, is it fair to say that, our
channel incentives would be one of the highest in the industry if we have to succeed in premium
ACs?
Actually, no, because one is the point on the incentives and the other is the point that I made
earlier on retention. So, you can give a lot of incentives, but if it gets discounted in the market
at the end of the day the channel is still left with something very small. So, if you look at
incentives per se then we are in line with industry. But if you look at retention ours would be
healthier than others. So, it's not that our strategy is to offer any additional money to be able to
grow this business.
Page 12of20

rs$
l*dustrics Limitsd
Bhargav B
Rajshankar Ray:
Moderator:
Chirag Muchhala:
Prabir Chatterjee:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
So, will we be spending on ad spend, meaning how do we plan to attract the customers?
Yes so, for let's say the period March onwards in terms of the campaign required to create
customer demand yes, we would do that this year. Those details are being worked out, but in the
period, let's say March to June this year we will be investing in creating demand.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum Broking.
Please go ahead.
So, the question is actually on IFB Refrigeration, so wanted to understand which all products
are we planning under this Company, and what is the rationale behind not having this business
in IFB Indushies itself rather than having, you know, another group company?
So, it's just a separate company, we have only participated in the equity in that Company. And
as of now we have planned Rs. 97 crores of investment .Our share would beto 44.4o/o. As of
now,
Chirag Muchhala
So,37Yo will grow to 44Yoyou are saying.
Prabir Chatterjee:
44.44%, when we pay the entire amount of Rs. 97 crores.
Chirag Muchhala
And what all products are planned under this. So, I mean residential refrigerator or commercial
refrigeration, ifyou can please elaborate?
Rajshankar Ray:
So, it's an independent company making its own product plans, but it will cover the entire
spectrum of refrigerators in the mass segment, mass and mid-premium segments when it
launches. So, I think by the end of this quarter, those details will be publicly available --. Right
now, they are in the final stages ofputting together the product plans --
Chirag Muchhala:
Basically, the Direct Cool and Frost Free refrigerators which are you know basically residential
refrigerators that is what you were earlier into right?
Rajshankar Ray:
Yes.
Chirag Muchhala:
Just, you know, ifyou can elaborate since IFB Industries has been a company dealing with Home
Appliances, right from washing machine, AC, microwave, oven, dishwashers, then why not
refrigerator in the same company, because future growth for profitability prospects will not flow
through 100% in IFB Industries. So, from that point of view, I was asking.
If I were to answer you it would be answering on behalf of IFB Refrigeration Limited per se and
it might not be the right answer. So, the advantages of having a focused independent company
on a segment that is very large in India are the principles behind this Company has been created.
So, maybe you could take this question offline and then we could discuss it more.
Rajshankar Ray
Page 13of20

IIFII
tnd*.*stries timlted
Chirag Muchhala:
Rajshankar Ray
Chirag Muchhala:
Rajshankar Ray:
Chirag Muchhala
Rajshankar Ray:
Moderator
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Moving to AC, for this upcoming summer season on OEM basis how many units have we
contracted thus far, and which clients, is it possible to share?
So, see OEMs don't contract per se, but they give indications or sign-offs on a overall season
volume. And then there are lifting plans that come month wise or week wise etc. But in terms of
the capacity utilization of the factories, which is roughly about Rs. 45,000 odd per month, we
have enough to uncover the factory utilization. So, from that point ofview the factory will be
tully utilized.
So, essentially what we believe isthat24 we will see roughly around 5 lakh volumes in AC 3
lakh as you have mentioned in the presentation from brand IFB and similar possible through
OEM sales, is that right understanding?
Yes. So, that has been our intention right from few years ago and we couldn't deliver it, but with
the combination of the actions that we are taking on our own brand sales and indications from
OEM based on the value price equation whatever, which is now much more settled than it was
let's say a year back. And the fact that our material cost reduction program is now over. So, now
we believe that figure that we had wanted to deliver we are now in a position to deliver.
And assuming you deliver that volume as per your target now, will the AC division be in double
digit operating margins inFY24, assuming that volume comes?
See I wouldn't want to comment specifically on the results for the AC divisions, but at those sort
of revenue levels and the common fixed costs let's say in sales etc. the company becomes a very
healthy margin situations so, because the overhead distribution across the volumes will be much
better than what it is --
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK
Investment. Please go ahead.
Maybe I missed this, but so how is the demand shaping up now for all our segments considering
festive season is done for most of them. ACs which you mentioned, how would the remaining
segment be in terms of industry demand?
So, the industry demand or the customer demand for the air-conditioners actually starts moving
from March onwards. So, right now, it has mostly been from companies through the channels
and stocking up. The customer's movement per se has not started as yet for the season. And as
far as the other products are concemed like let's say washing machines, microwaves etc. the
period now is better than it was in November and December definitely. But we still have to wait
and see. It is definitely not at the levels of October, which was the seasons, but that is normally
the trend. But it is better than the November/December situation.
Page 14 of 20

rr$
Moderator:
Veenit Prasad
lndustri*s Llrn!tgd
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09,2023
Dhananjai Bagrodia:
How would it be let's say the same time let's say pre-COVID this month like Jan, February was
it incrementally higher, are we on similar levels?
Rajshankar Ray:
Right now, it is similar
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
So, we are not seeing much growth as such.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Veenit Prasad from Investech Capital.
Please go ahead.
I just wanted to get a sense on how competition is playing, particularly the Top 2, Top 3 guys,
does aggression still continue from them?
Rajshankar Ray:
The aggression is similar to what it was. So, it's not that somebody has become more aggressive.
If you look at players like LG, Samsung they have always ,been aggressive. Samsung,
specifically over the last two years has been more aggressive than before, this is what we had
also shared in the previous investor conference. But it is similar I mean there is nothing special
that is happening from the top player.
Veenit Prasad:
Why I was asking this is what we understand is Samsung has increased prices after delaying it
for so long. And has that helped companies like us and others to also take up price increases
along?
Rajshankar Ray:
It's a good question that you are asking we haven't seen any impact ofthe so-called price increase
as yet. So, we will have to wait and see. And as of now the price positions in Samsung are similar
to what it was before. We will have to wait --
Veenit Prasad
The second question is on the Refrigerator business. Why this tie-up for taking the business into
the other subsidiary, why not do it in a standalone entity given that we have already done trials
and testing in the past, if I am not wrong sometime in 201612017 we had done a trial launch as
well at that time. So, what has been the rationale for this? And if I may ask, who holds the
remaining 55% to 56Y" stake in the IFB Refrigeration business?
Prabir Chatterjee:
Can you just repeat, I just missed it?
Veenit Prasad:
I was asking is the second part of the question was in the IFB refrigeration business who would
be holding the remaining 55Yo to 56Yo stake?
Prabir Chatterjee:
Other companies such as IFB Agro Ind LTD , ABPL,IFB appliance LTD, Other Employyes
of Company & associated companies.
Why haven't we tak.en this project up, in the standalone entify itself given we have had some
experience in the past where we have done trial runs, just made a pilot launch maybe sometime
in2017/2018.
Veenit Prasad
Page 15 of20

rrn
lxdxrstries {*imited
Rajshankar Ray:
Veenit Prasad:
Rajshankar Roy:
Moderator:
Abiral Jain
Arup Das
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
As I said a few minutes back it wouldn't be right per se for us to talk on behalf of IFB
Refrigeration Limited, because it's a standalone company. Now, what I was saying a few minutes
back also was that the focus that a standalone company brings to a very large segment with high
investments and high revenues and the advantages around that would have probably been the
valuation criteria. But we could take the subject offline, per se for us to represent --, the reasons
IFB Refrigeration Limited per se is an independent company would not be exactly right. And
they are still in the process of the final product development, separation roll out, etc. Maybe we
could take this offline or in the next quarter when things are more final, we could actually put
across the note for everyone on this.
Lastly, can you give some timelines on the Refrigeration business how IFB Refrigeration or for
that matter IFB Appliances or IFB Industries is looking at this business let's say in the next year
or hilo year perspective or maybe five year perspective, what are we trying to do here? What
type of products will be launched? Will we be targeting a particular segment any thoughts there.
So, IFB Industries Limited is equity investor in IFB Refrigeration business and this is a long
term investment for IFB Industries Limited as a company. As far as the product plan etc. for IFB
Refrigeration Limited are concemed they are still in the final stages so I think we can wait a
quarter and you will know. My understanding is that they are planning a presence across the
mass and mid-premium segment and a product range that is competitive in the market.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abiral Jain from SG India. Please go
ahead.
It's just a question about the demand and the strategy going forward for the other division the
Engineering division, how is the scenario looking like there in terms of obviously from a demand
perspective how is the automotive industry we hear is doing well, but is IFB the Engineering
division winning more market share in the current existing products and how the Motor division
is doing some broad comment on in the next, from today's vantage point, how does the next few
years or a few quarters look like?
Answering the first part of your question as far as the Engineering division is concemed, the last
quarter the performance was quite reasonable. And of course, the month of December was a bit
lull generally all the OEMs shut down their plants for a week or more. Going forward in this
quarter I think the two-wheeler segment will have muted requirements because there is a
regulation of OBDI, OBDII which is the Onboard Diagnostics. So, that regulation, the OEMs
are trying to control the stock so that non-compliant vehicles are not left with the dealers. So,
February and March is expected to be bit a lull as far as the two-wheeler is concemed. As far as
four-wheeler is concerned, the demand is reasonably strong and is expected to grow in the same
fashion. Commercial vehicle also is expected to grow. So, barring the two-wheeler this quarter,
the automotive sector must do reasonably well.
Page 16 of20

rr$
*r"rd*stries Lirnitsd
Abiral Jain:
Arup Das:
Abiral Jain:
Arup Jain
Anand Reddy:
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
And from IFB's positioning perspective, are you able to increase your share for vehicle with
your existing customers?
Yes, we try to be there where we were not there. So, in many product categories of different
OEMs where we were not there we have ensured we got our business there. So, the dips which
happened in the market fully does not affect us, because where we were not there, we were zero
at till now, with our presence in that segment, we are able to increase our growth higher than the
market.
One question related, with the shift in powertrain, from IC engine to a electric powertrain does
that impact on an as is basis in your portfolio? Does that impact your sales, because are there a
lot of transmission components which are connected to an internal combustion engine in your
portfolio or it does not impact you much say for example if 100% we were to move to an EV
today as an industry for four-wheelers what percentage of IFB's revenues would get impacted
because you have a transmission ICE powertrain related transmission components in your
product portfolio.
You see the market segment or market movement in the EV category, it's mainly scooters, which
has picked up numbers, it's around I lakh volume per month where total ICE engine, two-
wheeler is about 18 million per the year. So, that comes to around 1.2 million going by the
current volumes which the EV has taken. So, it is about 3o/o to 4Yo of the market. Now that's too
in the scooter segment, our main pie is in the motorcycles segment and that too on the higher
CC, more than 125 and above. We have also parallelly moved into the EV segment, the OEMs
who have already started going for localization, the big players, even the smaller players we
have already pitched in, we are developing components. So, localization is happening. Once it
happens, we will be ready. As far as four-wheeler is concemed other than Tata Motors, the main
player the numbers other than them are pretty low. It's around 6000 to 6500 or 7000 a month
compared to the 3.5 lakhs volume of four-wheelers which happens every month. So, going by
this numbers, I think the disruption which we you are talking is very logical. We feel we don't
envisage any risk at least at this juncture as far as dropping our sales because we are getting into
businesses in the non-automotive sector also, which is (Inaudible) 1:00:31. So, it is not impact
much as far as IFB is concemed. We are placing our product category in such a way we don't
get much impacted.
On the motor side right now the appliances motor, we are investing around the Rs. 40 crores to
build up the capacity of 2 million washing machine motor and air-conditioner motor, I million
each for which there is a huge demand outside of our captive requirements. We plan to sell 50%
of our capacity outside of this captive needs. And on automotive motors we have augmented our
product line by introducing wiper motors and other new products like BLDC engine (Inaudible)
1:01:36 motors which we should start production within the next two, three quarters. And we
hope to have an increase in top-line by around 40Yoforthe next financial year in our automotive
motors.
Page 17 of2O

nrI}
lndustriss l-irnit*d
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Abiral Jain:
And the 2 million that you talked about does not include automotive and BLDC motors?
Anand Reddy:
No, it's 1 million of washing machine BLDC motor and I million of air-conditioner BLDC
motor.
Abiral Jain
And again a moonshot question not a moonshot, but say a three to five year horizon question is,
what would be the total revenue potential, both captive and outside for the motor division?
Anand Reddy:
It would be roughly around Rs. 350 crores.
Moderator:
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sudarshan Mall from Dhanshree
Investments. Please go ahead.
Sudarshan Mall:
My questions were more pertaining to that Refrigeration business. While Raj sir, has said that it
would be inappropriate for him to comment. However, if I just can know the financials of the
business currently?
Rajshankar Ray:
Financials of which business please, Refrigeration?
Sudarshan Mall
Refrigeration business.
Prabir Chatterjee
It has not started yet, actually, it will start from April 2023
I have a suggestion, because there were two questions before this also and now you have also
asked this, what we can do is that in the next quarter, there can be a formal note on the
refrigeration company per se, and their product range, product plans, pricing etc. would have
been mature by then, would that help?
Sudarshan MalI
Certainly, that would help because we are sparring pretty good amount of funds from our balance
sheet. So, it will be interesting to know what is the opportunity size there -; it will be very big.
Rajshankar Ray:
So, far the opportunity in IFB Refrigeration Limited, that IFB Industries sees as a result of its
investments and what the plans are for that company etc. I think what we can do is that because
there is two to three questions on this, Mr. Chatterjee can actually share a formal note on this in
the next quarter. And the plans for IFB Refrigeration Limited will also be much more mature by
then. So, I think it will be the right time to share. If that is okay with you then we will do this.
Sudarshan Mall:
Just one question regarding this -- who wants the brand IFB, IFB Industries or Refrigeration
Company?
Prabir Chatterjee
IFB brand is with IFB Industries Limited.
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities.
Please go ahead.
Rajshankar Ray:
Moderator
Page 18 of20

rFII
ir:dustrl*s L$rnited
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
My question is more to do with the slowdown in demand. So, Rajshankar ji, if you can highlight
because see normally when we look at over the last three, four months even the inflationary
pressures are definitely seem to be behind us. And things have cooled off significantly, when we
look at the RM prices or probably the freight costs or even the food inflation. So, what's actually
weighing on the consumer sentiment like based on your internal assessment or probably the
feedback that you would be receiving from your partners and from your employees, it would be
great ifyou can shed some light over there.
Manoj and you will remember that, on this point, we also had several rounds of discussion
before; I will tell you how we look at it. So, if you speak with the large partners across India, if
you look at what's happening with competition, etc. then the voice that you will get is that there
is definitely a tempering of the demand. And you will hear that November/December was bad
for everyone. So, if we were to look at the voice from the market, the voice would be that demand
is tempered from let's say the peak of the post-lockdown period or what you would generally
expect from the counters where the flow of customers is more or less regular.
But the way intemally we see this is that given the network size that we have, and this agenda
of extraction, we still need to do much better. And the opportunities that we have by doing the
distribution piece very well, which I was explaining to you a little while back -
Sorry to intemrpt the question was more from a macro point of view, because I know obviously,
you have been making efforts and obviously you are not the one only to get impacted in the
current slowdown. So, it was more to do with the consumer mindset, like what's actually
stopping them to buy consumer durable products or home appliances products. Because I
personally believe that inflationary pressures, especially the last three, four months are definitely
behind us.
So, if I were to tell you honestly, Manoj, we don't really know. So, if you were to ask me, why
did demand go down in November and December, the honest answer is that we really don't
know. There is yes, in fact of let's say higher prices across the board, but there is also a reality
that the financing available to consumers curregtly is mitigating a lot of that inflationary
pressure. Now what I mean by that is that assuming that a product is costing Rs. 3000 and now
it costs let's say Rs. 3500, if you really look at it in terms of the financing options available to
customers, then the actual format impact is very little. So, it is not that you know everything can
be answered by inflationary pressure. There is much more that we can do at IFB to get more
demand. And if you really look at what happens to the demand per se you may see two or three
months of subdued demand, but then invariably another month or two comes where the demand
is much normal. So, if you look at the macro picture the way you are wanting given the low
penetration in India medium term, the demand problem should not be there at all. That is my
personal belief.
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand it over to the management for
closing comments.
Moderator:
Page 19of20

IFII
Moderator:
lndu$triss Linitsd
IFB lndustries Limited
February 09, 2023
Prabir Chatterjee:
Thank you everybody for joining the call
Thankyou very much. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank
you forjoining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 20 of 20
