 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 12th May, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code:533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 5th May, 2023 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 26th April, 2023 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 5th May, 2023. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
MANISHA 
SARAF
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA SARAF 
Date: 2023.05.12 16:50:18 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 FY '23 and Annual Results Conference Call” 
May 05, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. R.K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. MITANHSU SHAH, HEAD-FINANCE 
MR. AJAY DESAI, SR.VP-FINANCE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited Conference Call on discussion on company's 
Q4 and Annual FY '23 Audited Financial Results. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing start, then zero on a touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R.K. Baheti, Director of Finance 
and CFO. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
RK Baheti: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you all for joining the 
Fourth Quarter & Annual Results Conference Call.  
Let me start with the financials, and there are a few non-recurring or 
one-offs, which I'll try to explain. And then, of course, we'll take your 
questions.  
During the quarter, the total revenue is Rs.1,406 crores, EBITDA is Rs. 
205 crores, net profit is Rs.153 crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter 
is 14.55%. 
For the full year FY ‘23 revenue is INR 5,653 crores,  EBITDA is INR 
680 crores and net profit is INR 342 crores.  
The Company like in previous few quarters continue to expense out 
previously amortized R&D expense in erstwhile ALEOR amounting to  
INR 11 crores in the current quarter and INR 155 crores for full financial 
year 2023. Company's profit before tax and after tax would have been 
higher by INR11 crores in the quarter and INR155 crores in FY ‘23 
without this amortization. Now the entire amount has been expensed 
out and there is no residual intangible assets in the books.  
Second item, as intimated to stock exchanges earlier, Company's board 
has decided to recognize the impairment of INR 1150.43 crores, in 
respect of capital work in progress, largely consisting of pre-operative 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
expenses of three new manufacturing facilities. Out of above INR 
676.87 crores has been written-off in current financial year that is in ’22-
’23 and for the balance amount of INR 473.56 crores, provision for 
impairment has been created. The rationale for this bifurcation has 
been given in detail, in our notes to account. Simultaneously, 
INR1,025.66 crores i.e net of deferred tax asset of INR 124.77 crores 
has been withdrawn from general reserves of the Company, hence 
there is no impact on profit for the year on this account.  
Company is not required to make any provision for income tax during 
the year. The provision for taxation made up to Q3FY23 has been 
reversed in Q4FY23.  
With effect from 1st of January 2023, Company decided to stop all 
further capitalization of pre-operative expenses of all the new facilities 
and charge the entire expenses to P&L account. As compared to the 
previous quarters, Company debited additional rupees approximately 
INR 65 crores in Q4 under various heads on this account.  
During the quarter/financial year, PLI benefit of INR 21 crores was 
received from Government of India.  
EPS for the quarter before non-recurring item, is at INR 8.33 per share 
versus INR 8.47 while for FY ‘23 full year, it is INR 25.29 per share 
versus INR 33.85 per share in the previous year. 
The gross borrowing at the consolidated level is INR 636 crores versus 
INR 630 crores in March 2022. Company has INR 75 crores of cash on 
hand as of 31 March, 2023 versus INR 61 crores for March 2022. Net 
debt equity stands comfortably at 0.13.  
You will see that from the cash flow point of view, Company's  borrowing 
remains almost the same as of March 2022. There is no incremental 
borrowing in March 2023 versus March 2022. Company met its entire 
capex, as well as the dividend payment of almost INR 200 crores out of 
its internal accruals. The cash flow for the Company continues to remain 
strong. 
I will now request Shaunak to take you through India-branded business. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Baheti. Good evening, everyone. For the fourth 
quarter, India branded business saw 9% growth in the top line of INR 
490 crores. There was a COVID impact in the base of azithromycin on 
allied products in the previous years.  Ex of Azithral growth, the India 
business grew at 12%.  
As per IMS in Q4, industry grew by 15%, whereas Alembic cloaked the 
growth of 16%, in line with our objective of matching or outgrowing 
industry by few points. 
In quarter 4, our specialty segments, the company performance was 
13% versus 12% for the industry, mainly driven by therapies, 
gynecology, anti-diabetic, ophthalmology and orthopedics.  
In the acute segment, the company performance was 23% growth, and 
Ex of Azithral was 38% growth, which is better than the industry’s 28%.  
In respiratory Company grew by 38% whereas Industry grew by 28% 
The animal health business continues to maintain, its strong run of 
growth momentum and recorded a growth of 15% over the previous 
year. 
For the financial year '23, the India branded business has 7% growth 
with the top line of INR 2,063 crores. Ex of Azithral and Alcibute of India 
Branded Business growth is 13% for the year.  
As per IMS, the industry grew by 8%, versus Alembic reflected a growth 
of 9%.  
For Specialty segment, the company performance was 15% versus 
industry growth of 11% majorly driven by therapies like Gynecology, 
Anti-diabetic, Ophthalmology, and Orthopedics.  
In the acute segment, the company performance Ex of Azithral was 
10% versus the industry growth of 6% for the year.  
In respiratory the company grew by 11%, whereas the industry grew by 
3%. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
The Animal Healthcare recorded a business growth of 21% over the 
previous year.  
And as one of the highlights for last year was we have a brand called 
Isofit, which has been the second best launch in the Industry by IMS 
among 3,072 new launches in the Industry for the 12 months. Isofit 
recorded a growth of INR 28 crores in the first year of launch(as per 
ORG)  
And majority of our focus brands in the current year have gained market 
share over the previous year. 
Three of our large therapy areas, Cardiology, Gastroenterology, and 
Gynecology have underperformed in the year '23. The operational and 
strategic interventions were taken in the previous year with an objective 
of outperforming the market, akin to some of our other high growth 
segments on a sustainable basis. And we expect this kind of growth to 
start kicking-in this year. 
I'll hand over the discussion to Pranav for his presentation on the 
international business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. The US business continues to remain challenging on 
account of the competitive intensity. Though it was a tough year in the 
U.S., we did manage to grow our volume well over the previous year. 
Our focus is on improving efficiencies and execution in the midterm.  
The U.S. generic's revenue was INR 354 crores during the quarter. The 
number is not comparable to the same quarter last year as Q4 of last 
year had a high sales as we had transitioned to 3PL and we have done 
overstocking in that quarter. 
The ex-US market continues to perform well, and it grew 33% for the 
quarter and 10% for the year.  
The API business also is on a strong footing, and it performed very well. 
It grew 41% for the quarter and 24% for the year.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Importantly, the ex-US formulation and the API have both come up high 
base over the last couple of years, so we're confident of a continued 
good performance in both these verticals. 
Our R&D expense was INR136 crores, which includes INR11 crores of 
a one-time non-cash Aleor write-off. Taking this out, it is INR125 crores, 
which is about 9% of sales for the quarter. While for the full year, the 
total R&D expense is INR722 crores. Ex-of Aleor, it is INR567 crores, 
which is 10% of sales. This is a conscious effort that we've been making 
to get R&D as percentage and as an absolute amount. We wanted to 
try controlling it moving forward. 
We will continue our efforts to optimize R&D expense, particularly on 
the oral solid dosages in the coming years.  
We filed 4ANDAs during the quarter.  
We also received 7 approvals in the quarter 
 We commercialized F2 and F3 plants during the quarter, and the first 
set of products were dispatched.  
We launched 6 products in the quarter, and in Q1, we hope to launch 
up to 10 products, at least, and 20 products in the entire year. 
The USFDA conducted an inspection at an F3 facility in March and 
issued two observations. We have received three final approvals from 
the site till date.  
The USFDA also conducted an inspection at a Derma facility in March 
with  zero 483 observations.  
An EIR was issued for an onco facility, F2, during the quarter. We have 
received 5 final approvals from the site, including the onco OSD till date.  
The USFDA also inspected our new oral solid dosage facility, F4, in 
December, and issued five observations. We have received approval of 
two products from this facility till date. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
In terms of the numbers, the US Generics was at INR354 crores for the 
quarter and INR1,572 crores for the financial year.  
The ex-US Generics, as I mentioned, had a good year, and it grew by 
33% to INR249 crores in the quarter, and by 10% to INR852 crores for 
the year.  
The API business had a fantastic year. It grew by 41% of the quarter to 
INR 313 crores, and by 24% to INR1,166 crores for the financial year. 
I would like to open this floor for Q&A, so let me start with you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a first question from the line of 
Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is to Pranav 
regarding the US business. So now we are sub-45 million sales in the 
fourth quarter, and what we have heard from some of the players that 
price erosion in the US has stabilized, but your commentary seems, I 
will say, more cautious. Can you share a bit more detail, like where are 
key challenges from your business perspective and how should we look 
at this business in coming year? 
Pranav Amin: 
There is still a price erosion in the US market, has it slowed down? Yes, 
compared to about a year back, it has slowed down. One of the reasons 
could be because of people are placing less priority in the US business. 
We have seen some players prioritize US business a little lesser. 
Number two is that there have been quite a few inspections. So there 
have been some regulatory issues that some companies have faced, 
but we do continue to see pricing pressure in the market. I think some 
of players, the ones that have done well, have got a few handful of 
approvals which must have offset the price erosion of regular products. 
But there is still pricing pressure in the market, it's lesser than a year 
before, but it's still there. 
RK Baheti: 
Also, Damayanti, as Pranav said in his opening statement, this quarter 
4 number is not really comparable because previous year, Q4 of March 
'22, we had an exceptionally big  because of transition of 3PL where we 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
had to ask our distributors to stock up and this was explained at that 
time during the Q4 '22 Investor Calls. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure sir. So in terms of erosion level, are you still facing say like, double 
digits, if you can like give some indication where it stands… 
Pranav Amin: 
It really depends product-to-product, but yes, I think it's still in the double 
digits. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
In say, next two quarters to three quarters down from here, how do you 
see like, pricing to pan out? Any relief, any sign that you see that we'll 
be seeing better pricing in coming quarters? 
Pranav Amin: 
What happens is as I mentioned before,  and historically in the calls I've 
said, if you see Sartan opportunity and the kind of prices that we were 
selling the sartans, earlier. Once it gets beaten down to the ground, then 
there's not much, how much lower can you keep going, right? At some 
point, hopefully this will start, we've already seen that erosion has 
become less. There have been more supply challenges in the market 
for everyone. So hopefully, prices also should stabilize. I believe there 
will continue to be erosion because fundamentally there's just a lot more 
capacity for the US market from India than is warranted and that's 
what's causing this. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. My second question is R&D. So it seems like, you are tracking in 
line with what you guided, like you've come down substantially. So now 
say, if I annualize four quarter R&D number, we are somewhere like 
INR500 crores, INR525 crores kind of R&D expense for next year. So 
that's what we should be working with? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I think that's a good number for you guys to work with. Of course, 
internally there'll be a little change. We'll switch the balance internally, 
as I mentioned in my opening statement that we may reduce some of 
the OSD spend and we may increase injectable, we may reduce some 
fixed costs. But yes, INR 500 crores, INR 525 crores is a good number 
to work with. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And how many filings like you target with this kind of lower R&D 
expense? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Pranav Amin: 
We'll still target about 15 to 20 filings. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And my last question is for Baheti sir. Sir, I missed your comment. You 
said like, you won't be capitalizing any pre-operating costs now and 
everything will be moving to the P&L. If you can explain that bit, that will 
be helpful? 
RK Baheti: 
Yes, Damayanti, you heard it right. Up to 31st of December, 2022, we 
were capitalizing all pre-operative expenses of facility F2, F3 and F4. 
Now effective from 1st -- while we are charging off the impairment to 
P&L, there is no rationale for us to keep further capitalizing. So effective 
1st of January, 2023, the board has decided that all expenses will be 
charged off to P&L. And that's how this quarter, quarter of March '23, 
an additional expense of INR65 crores has hit P&L as compared to the 
previous quarters. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, and fourth quarter numbers are now like, should be fair 
representation of cost we should be seeing in coming quarters without 
any capitalization? 
RK Baheti: 
Yes, that's right. Other than that INR11 crores, which is a residual 
expense which we have done out of the old annual R&D amortization. 
They are also now it is cleaned up, so you won't find that in next 
quarters. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay sir. That's helpful. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
RK Baheti: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ankush Mahajan 
from Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Yes. Thank you sir for providing me the opportunity. So my question is 
related to the US business first. So how many molecules that's -- new 
molecules that we are expecting to launch this year in the US market 
for FY '24? And sir, we have done a very good numbers in the API 
business. Just try to understand sir, how is the demand for the API and 
across the geographies. Let's just put some thought on it. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. In terms of US market, as I mentioned earlier, that we will launch 
about 20-odd products in the financial and FY '24 in the US market. And 
quarter one will be a little more, but total about 20-25 is what we should 
look at for the US. Q4 was good for the API business. Very good. For 
the year, we would expect the API to go about 10%. It is a good market. 
We have some opportunities. We have some more long term contracts. 
We could free up some capacities as well. So that's what led to an 
increase in the API business. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
So earlier sir, these API prices were falling now. So can we say these 
are stabilized now? 
Pranav Amin: 
It depends. It's tough to say. API prices are falling. It really depends who 
you're supplying to and what. we're still seeing some erosion in API 
prices. There were a lot of supply constraints over the last two years. 
We need  China for intermediate, so COVID related. But you will see 
pricing pressure in API prices. Lot of the growth is not due to pricing. 
It's due to volume growth. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
So we can say that the volume growth, that uptick is there in terms of 
volume? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
And sir, what we are launching now is 20-25 products in the US market. 
So could you throw some more light on that? In which therapies, which 
segments that we are looking? 
Pranav Amin: 
For US generics, we don't give therapy wise segments. What will 
happen as you see when the growth… 
Ankush Mahajan: 
I mean, in terms of injectables, how many injectables? 
Pranav Amin: 
In terms of injectables, out of 20-odd approvals, I'm assuming about 10 
to 12 will be oral solid dosage and the rest would be ophthalmic and 
injectables. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
And pricing scenario any injectables at this moment?  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Pranav Amin: 
It's too early for us. We've just started launching. So it's still early days 
for us on the injectables. Maybe next quarter we'll have a better track 
record, I got to say. 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Bharat from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and good evening everyone. So I 
just wanted to understand on the opex part. So when we look at opex, 
sequentially ex of R&D, it is declining. Despite the fact that we have 
seen new facilities getting commercialized and all the pre-operating 
expenses are hitting the P&L account. So what is it leading to this lower 
expense sequentially? If you could explain that? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
So Bharat, if you see this and if you're comparing it with the last year, 
we had a one-time impact of a INR100-odd crores that for the Aleor 
actually, right? So if you're comparing with that, obviously it will look 
low,. Otherwise, it is generally a flow of... 
Bharat Celly: 
Actually, I'm comparing over third quarter of FY '23. So if I look at 
sequentially, it is also down. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, I was coming to that actually. So if you see the last year it was with 
Aleor and this time the impact is largely on account of, the marketing 
spend and all those things. So there is, a bit of the R&D as well is low 
actually and all of that culminates down to a lower spend. So that's 
precisely the reason, I mean. Yes. 
Bharat Celly: 
But still, if I look at, right, in first quarter we were doing around INR330 
crores. Second quarter was INR340 crores around. And if I just talk from 
that perspective, now what is happening is in third quarter we are still 
sitting at around a similar number. I would say INR330 crores, which 
includes three of the expense of around INR65 crores. So that means 
overall expenses have gone down, underlying expenses have gone 
down far below. So I can't get it. Because that will mean that we are 
around INR265 crores, ex of INR65 crores or INR65 crores, which we 
are referring to. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Mitanshu Shah: 
No. So you are comparing this with December's number of INR513-odd 
crores with INR460-odd crores, right? That's what you are comparing. 
Bharat Celly: 
Right. After excluding for clarity.  
Mitanshu Shah: 
Exactly. That's what I am telling you that, you will see some of those 
promo spends and, all the other expenditures actually. Those kind of, 
you will always see a bit of a variation there. I mean, there will be some 
quarters which are bumped up quarters and then there would be 
quarters where it is, this time its a little lower actually. So this was one 
such quarter where we had lower spend. 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. So is it safe to assume that it will be again going back to the 
normal levels which we have seen historically? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes. So if you look at the full year number, so your full year number is 
close to INR 2,000 crores. So on that number, you could and 
considering that, we had INR60-odd crores of additional expenditure in 
Q4 for new plants, you can safely consider that, there would be around 
10% increase in that number for next year. 
Bharat Celly: 
Right. The Aleor expense will not be repetitive. I get that. But largely we 
are saying that ex of Aleor, we will be seeing a good growth and another 
INR60 crores – 40 crores expenses will be also, sorry, INR180 crores 
sort of expenses will also be hitting other expenses considering 
because of new plants expenses. Right? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Correct. 
Bharat Celly: 
That's helpful. And on the US market, we have been referring that we 
will be launching a couple of new drugs. Could you tell us that how many 
new injectable products have been filed till date out of all the facilities 
which we have? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Bharat, you want to know the filings actually, right? So around the most 
the plants put together is close to 15 filings. 
Bharat Celly: 
One-five filing? 
Pranav Amin: 
One five. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. 15 injectables are filed till date. So overall pending approvals are 
around 40, 45 for us at this moment? 
Pranav Amin: No. Overall pending approvals are around 90. 
Bharat Celly: 
Pending ones, right?  
RK Baheti: 
Pending. Yes. 
Bharat Celly: 
That's helpful. Thanks a lot sir. I will get back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Tushar 
Manudhane from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Tushar Manudhane: Thanks for the opportunity. Considering the number of launches 
comprising both oral solid as well as injectables, what kind of sales can 
we expect in the US for FY '24, from current $180 million, $200 million? 
Pranav Amin: 
Tushar, we don't give a forward guidance. And for the US is very tough 
and I'll tell you why is, let's see how the launches happen as early days 
for us on the injectables. We would like to go to business, but the other 
side, what I answered earlier to Damayanti is, that there's a lot of 
erosion as well. Right. So it's very tough for me to predict and that's why 
we don't give a guidance for US sales. 
Tushar Manudhane: But while price erosion are there, but at the same time compliance 
issues for competitors or somebody shutting, literally shutting down the 
plant. So we don't see the opportunity… 
Pranav Amin: 
I believe there are opportunities in the US market and you continue to 
get opportunities and you have to be a nimble player, but to put a 
number on it is tough. So I wouldn't like to give a forward guidance. 
Tushar Manudhane: All right. And in particularly in API, just one more question. Why you 
address that it is most of the growth is volume-led there? INR300 crores 
sort of a run rate is very much possible or there is a further scope on 
account of this significant volume uptake? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Pranav Amin: 
That's the API business is a good business and it will continue to grow. 
So expect API and ex-US, rest of the world generics, I think both should 
grow by 10% at least this year. 
Tushar Manudhane: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri 
from Crown Capital. Please go ahead.  
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. And thank you so much for taking my question. 
So I just wanted to ask about what do we feel our margins will be around 
going forward for the next year? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Darshil, margins of course would be in bit of pressure considering that 
we would have all the new plants now commercialized actually. The run 
rate of that is close to INR 60-odd crores every quarter actually. So that 
would have and -- but again, again, you will have sales coming in from 
this. So it's going to play out over the quarters. But if we are to take a 
guess, I would say that a number around 15% would be a right number 
to go with. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sorry. There was a network issue. I missed the last question. Sorry. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
In the interest of everybody, we can take that offline. We’ll discuss. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. And sir, I have one more question. So I understand your sales 
would be a bit difficult to guide on. But overall, how much do we could 
see a range of revenue growth that we could expect in the upcoming 
few years? Maybe nothing specific, but some kind of color with that 
would be helpful. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
see like, domestic, we said that, not giving the number, but, we will 
outsmart the industry growth rate. As far as international generics is 
concerned, US is, we would have very good launches coming in 
actually. And so that would be growth as far as US territory is 
concerned. ex of US, other generics, we should grow at around 10%-
12%. API business, 10%-12% of growth is possible. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That helps me a lot. All the best for the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Good evening. You have mentioned that you have taken a write back 
of tax in Q4, is that related to the write-off of assets? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes. That's true. whatever provision which was done in the first three 
quarters gets written-back in quarter 4. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Okay. And are there any more deferred tax assets related to this that 
you are carrying forward into FY '24? 
RK Baheti: 
The balance of INR 470-odd crores of impairment for which the 
provision has been done, depending on how the generic market 
behaves and how the impairment valuation will be at that time, if 
required will be written-off in FY '24. Then those plants, those part of 
the facilities gets operational. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood... 
RK Baheti: 
Impairment of INR1,150 crores, as I explained INR670-odd crores have 
been charged-off in the current year ,we have made full provision so 
that no further hit comes on P&L of subsequent years. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. So basically, if the remaining write-off also happens in FY 
'24, then that tax benefit could come in FY '24. So FY '24 tax rates could 
also be very low. 
RK Baheti: 
Yes. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Okay. And FY '25 onwards, what sort of reported tax rates should be -- 
should we come to, should we will we go back to around 25%? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
So we will continue. See, before this, we were in amity. So you can 
safely assume for your calculation purposes that we will be in match, 
which is 17.5%. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Bino Pathiparampil: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal 
from Old Bridge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, just wanted to check a couple of things. One, how should we look at 
your capex from FY '24 onwards? And second, given that INR65 crores 
is the additional quarterly hit that we've seen. So would it imply about 
INR240 crores to INR250 crores of additional annual hit on the P&L 
because of the new facilities? 
RK Baheti: 
So as we have been sharing with investors, most of the capex, most of 
the new projects are now completed and we are commercializing it. So 
capex in '23-24 largely which is in de-bottlenecking or little bit of 
expansion of API capacities. We are also investing in some solar power 
so that electricity cost goes down because in Gujarat it is pretty high 
and there will be some investments in new facility for India branded 
business, which is at an initial stage. 
But having said all this, the capex and of course there will be no pre-op 
capitalization, the total capex should be less than INR250 crores. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. And to my second question? 
RK Baheti: 
What is that? 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Would we see an additional hit of about INR250 crores to INR260 
crores? 
RK Baheti: 
Yes, that's right. I mean, that's not a result of some normal routine 
expenses which will get charged to P&L. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. That's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Bharat from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Baheti Sir, actually during the last quarter we 
were referring that there is total INR400 crores expense, INR200 crores 
above EBITDA and INR200 crores below EBITDA. Now since we are 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
referring INR65 crores above EBITDA, that translates to almost like 
INR250 crores to INR260 crores. So is there any incremental cost which 
we have realized now? So because earlier we were guiding for almost 
like INR180 crores to INR200 crores above EBITDA? 
RK Baheti: 
 As these facilities gets operational, the operating expenses also goes 
up as they get into commercial production. So earlier these facilities are 
being used only for taking exhibit batches and for taking those filings. 
Now they are being used for regular commercial production. 
Bharat Celly: 
So from here on whatever the increase would be, that will be largely the 
inflationary one. Or there will be some INR600 crores which is sitting as 
CWIP. So would be any additional increase also which can happen over 
and above once those are commercialized? 
Mitanshu Shah 
No. So that would be very incremental, small capex, which is just a 
balancing equipment. So that number stays there actually. 
Pranav Amin: 
But what would happen is as you start commercializing, so you are not 
doing any major capexes or big plants. I think just in the line there will 
be balancing media higher equipment size and stuff for commercial 
basis. That's about it. 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay, I get that. And since we were referring that there will be another 
INR200 crores which will be coming below EBITDA. So with new 
impairment which we have done, what sort of number that will be now? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, so the number would be like you know cash would be around 
INR200 crores, INR220 crores and depreciation would be another 
INR75-odd crores actually. So all put together would be around 
between INR280 crores, INR290 crores for these new plants. 
Bharat Celly: 
Can I beg your pardon? So you said INR200 crores… 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Cash expense would be between INR200 crores, INR220 crores and 
there would be additional depreciation of around INR75 crores. That 
would take the total number to INR280 crores. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. So -- but my belief was we were already doing INR65 crores 
during this quarter. That was above EBITDA? Or that is across our line 
item. 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Bharat that is exactly what has happened. This -- I mean, arrangement 
that we have done with CWIP takes care of the depreciation on the 
preoperative and that's like INR100 crores of the depreciation FBO. 
Bharat Celly: 
I get that. What I'm asking is the INR65 crores, which we have charged 
to the P&L during this quarter, is that a spread across above EBITDA 
and as well as below EBITDA... 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Depreciation portion into it, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Resham Jain from 
DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Good evening. Just a question on the margins. You mentioned 15% 
margin for the full year. Is that right? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
Yes, that's what the ball mark numbers. 
Resham Jain: 
And how will this trajectory be because you have multiple launches 
maybe in the first half and we'll scale up in second half. So do you feel 
-- what do you expect the exit date would be? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
can you repeat that? 
Resham Jain: 
What I was asking is that 15% is a full year margin. So how the margin 
trajectory will be? Because first half, you will have multiple launches 
and they scale up as year progresses. So how will the exit run rate of 
margins be? 
Mitanshu Shah: 
We're talking about year as a whole. I mean, not by setting that into 
quarters, actually. I mean, it's overall -- and again, I mean, it's just giving 
a flavor for the year. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Because if you look at before your certain benefits, the kind of 
margins you were making and now once the plant scales up, so that 
was the context. But even after scale up, you don't see the exit run rate 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
would be better than what you would be doing, let's say, first half -- that 
was the context in which I was asking this 
Mitanshu Shah: 
See, that's exactly because we will not be completely putting intact 
because if you look at the grid and the approval of the products and 
things like that, you are going to partially keep using the plan, gradual 
scale up is going to happen. So you will have five, seven products. Then 
in the second half, you will scale it up to 10 products. FY '25, you will 
have 25 products like that. So that's our... 
Pranav Amin: 
So one thing is the plants while we start using them, they're not fully 
optimally utilized. They'll take a year or two till all new approvals come. 
Second thing is, even before the start-ins, you know, what's happened 
is the fundamental US business that we had, the margins have come 
down in that.  
And that is impactful. So even before the start-ins, the margins in the 
U.S. business for the OSD were much higher. They were continually 
shortages and they're very high margins in the US business that time 
as well. So that's the fundamental part that has changed. The rest of 
the business, India is growing, ROW is growing, but it's just the US 
that's dragged down the margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Damayanti Kerai 
from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So I have two questions on India business. So you mentioned that you 
continue to outperform the market. Can you talk a bit about the growth 
drivers? Like what are your expectations in terms of volume or price 
contribution from the new product introduction, etcetera? 
Shaunak Amin: 
What we maintain is that if the market grows, whatever the market 
growth is, we aspire to grow a couple of points higher than the market 
growth numbers, and which would be a composite of all of new 
launches, some price increases, some time volume would be a bulk 
effect. 
It also is depending on the profile of the market growth. But yes, 
anywhere from matching market growth to maybe you're going up 4, 5 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
points higher than the market growth. I mean that is what we are 
working towards. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. So if I understand correctly, volume part will be obviously 
following the market trends, etcetera. But should we assume the pricing 
contribution around 5%, 7%, which we generally see a... 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. Like I said, I don't have the exact breakup offhand, but I just can 
share that with you. But I think volume would be a bulk of the growth 
numbers and there will be smaller components of pricing in this whole 
thing also. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And... 
Shaunak Amin: 
But just so that we're clear, on the DPCO products, there will be no 
pricing increase versus last year. So if you have to take that as which 
is a decent chunk of our portfolio, if we keep that as flat, except that 
there will be some price increase, but there will be some price cuts also 
as a part of that. But yes, it would be largely volume and there would be 
a smaller component of pricing on that. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So just to clarify, you don't assume any pricing change in the 
DPCO part of your portfolio, although around 15... 
Shaunak min: 
Yes, because if you see over last year versus this year, prices are the 
same if I have to factor-in the cut, which we had to take last year as well 
as the opportunity as per the WPI,  it was a net even. So I don't think 
there's any increase over the previous financial year at the start of the 
financial year. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And my last question is on your observation. This is for the 
broader business. So your observation on the input cost pressure, 
which we make for a few quarters back. So all those have normalized 
the input cost pressure on raw materials or fleet, etcetera. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Some of the pressure still stays on the packing on the RMPM side of 
things. But honestly, with the price and oil coming down, we expect 
some easing above this hopefully going forward. On the API side, there 
is some marginal increase, but not material. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And are there like energy or fleet costs, etcetera? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, -- we don't have large component to India business on that side. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Not to India business, but from overall business, maybe... 
RK Baheti: 
Like other energy cost would be increasing A, because of rate hikes by 
the state electricity boards and B, because of increased unit 
consumption with operations of additional facility. And I mentioned in 
my note that we will be investing into solar projects for compensating 
for -- so there'll be one time investments, but then there'll be a significant 
amount of savings over the next 20 years or so. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So this benefit of solar energy investment will come from this year itself? 
Or it will take some time? 
RK Baheti: 
It will come from H2 of this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
RK Baheti: 
Yes. Thanks. So thank you, everyone, for being patient with us. It was 
a heavy board and the meeting extended right up to 4:30 or so. So thank 
you very much for being with us till late in the evening and wish you a 
happy weekend, and we'll keep interacting individually and of course. 
Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank 
you. 
Ladies 
and 
gentlemen, 
on 
behalf 
of 
Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
