® 
® 
  
   
  
  
- 
hy) 
BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
NA 
CIN NO. 
: L452006J2015PLC083577 
wre et 
© 
Regd. Off. 
: 601-B, 'A' Wing, International Trade Centre, Majura Gate, Ring Road, Surat-395 002. 
‘ 
RIG BLOC 
(Ph.) 
: +91-261-2463261, 2463262, 2463263 
(F) 
: +91-261-2463264 
N XT RB LO C 
CONSTRUCTION 
(E) 
: bigblockconstructionItd@gmail.com 
Visit us 
: www.nxtbloc.in 
Autoclaved Aerated Concrete Blocks 
Date: 01/02/2023 
To, 
To, 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
~ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
1% Floor, PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, BLOCK G, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400001 
Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code: 540061 
Symbol: BIGBLOC 
ISIN :INE412U01025 
ISIN 
: INE412U01025 
 
 
  
Sub: Transcript of Conference call 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached transcript of conference call held on Wednesday, 25" January, 2023 at 
2:00PM IST to discuss on Q3/9M-FY23 results and business outlook of the Company. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF 
BIGBLOC CONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
NISHTHA _ Distally signed 
HARIVANS. 
parivansut 
HI 
PAMNANI 
Date: 2023.02.01 
PAMNANI 
13:02:26 +05'30" 
NISHTHA PAMNANI 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
ACS-58276 
  
Encl. as above

Bigbloc Construction Limited 
Earnings ConferenceCall 
January 25, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY23 Conference Call of Bigbloc 
Construction Limited. As a reminder, all participantlines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“O” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpalfrom Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Thank you Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very welcome to you all. My name is 
Anuj 
Sonpalfrom 
Valorem 
Advisors. 
We 
represent 
the 
investor 
relations 
of 
Bigbloc 
Construction Limited. 
On behalf of the company, 
| would like to thank you 
all for participating 
in the company’s 
earnings call for the third quarter and 
9 months ended of financial year 2023. Before we 
begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s 
earnings call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. 
Such 
statements 
are 
based 
on 
management's 
beliefsas 
well 
as 
assumptions 
made 
by 
information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The 
purpose 
of today’s 
earnings 
call 
is 
purely 
to educate 
and 
bring awareness 
about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call 
| will 
hand 
it over to them for remarks. We have with us Mr.Mohit Saboo — Director and Chief 
Financial Officer. Without any further delay, 
| request Mr. Mohit to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone. It gives me immense pleasure to welcome you all to our earnings 
conference call for the third quarter and 9 months ended for the financial year 2023. In the 
interest of those participants joining us today who may be unfamiliar with the business of the 
company 
| would 
like to give 
a brief overview of the company first. Bigbloc Construction 
Limited is one of the largest manufacturersin India of autoclavedaerated concrete blocks AAC 
blocks and related product manufacturing company with a total installed capacity of 5,75,000 
Page 
1 of 14

cubic meter per annum. AAC blocks are a superior quality building material which provide an 
unparalleled 
blend 
of 
strength, 
thermal 
insulation, 
sound 
proofing, 
unsurpassed 
fire 
resistance and highly proficient building capacity. AAC is a light weight, natural and nontoxic 
construction materials that saves energy and is ecofriendly. These AAC blocks of the company 
are marketed under the brand names NXTBLOC which is a green product for the construction 
industry. Bigbloc aims to become an unparallel name 
in the industry manufacturing quality 
building materials that focus on sustainability. 
It also hopes to 
aid the construction and 
infrastructure industry and adopting green and sustainable practices for 
a better future. 
Bigbloc 
currently 
has 
two 
state 
of 
the 
art 
manufacturing 
units 
located 
at 
Vapi 
and 
Ahmedabad in Gujarat and making it one of the largest AAC manufactures in India. Moreover, 
with the ongoing capacity expansion plans the company will catapult to become the largest 
AAC manufacture in India by FY24. 
Now, let me start by briefing you on the company’s financial performances on a consolidated 
basis for the third quarter of the financial year 2023. The third quarter operating revenues 
were 49.5 crores which was up by 2% quarter-on-quarter, but were marginally down by 6% 
year-on-year due to impact on demand driven 
by an extended monsoon season, 
Diwali 
season and also some impact due to inflationary reasons although the decline in sales volume 
were offset by the higher sales realizations. The consolidated capacity utilization improved 
from 79% in Q2 FY23 to 83% in Q3 FY23. EBITDA stood at Rs. 13.3 crores witnessing a robust 
growth of 82% on 
a year-on-year basis. EBITDA margins stood 
at around 26.87%. EBITDA 
margins improved in Q3 FY23 due to higher sales realization and further cost optimization on 
logistics and power cost. PAT was reported at Rs. 7 crores which grew by almost 83% year-on- 
year basis. PAT margins for the quarter was approximately 15.56%. For the 9 months under 
review, we reported consolidated operating revenue of Rs. 154 crores which grew by 25% 
year-on-year basis. EBITDA was reported Rs. 40 crores which grew by 141% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margin stood at 25.72% also PAT was reported Rs. 25 crores witnessing a growth of 
almost 186% on a year-on-year basis. PAT margins stood at 16.02%. 
Coming to the operational highlights for the quarter under review. During the quarter the 
joint venture company Siam Cement 
Big Bloc Construction Technologies Private Limited 
acquired 60,000 square meter land at KapadvanjKheda district near Ahmedabad, Gujarat for 
setting 
up 
a 
3 
lakhs cubic meter per annum 
per annum 
plant. Siam Cement 
Big 
Bloc 
Construction Technologies Private Limited 
is a JV between Bigbloc Construction Limited and 
SCG group from Thailand wherein Bigbloc holds 52% stake and SCG holds the stake of 48%. 
The JV with SCG group aims 
to share techno commercial knowledge somewhat mutual 
growth and corporation in the construction industry and bring new edge building materials to 
Indian markets. The company 
is also setting up two Greenfield projects with 
a combined 
capacity of 8 lakh CMB per annum out of which 
S lakh CBM plant at Wada 
is at Palghar 
District at Maharashtra which is currently under installation and the commercial productions 
are expected to begin in the month of February. Post completion of all expansion projects the 
Page 2 of 14

Moderator: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
company storing capacity 
is increased to 
13.75 
lakh cubic meter per annum making the 
company the largest AAC player in the country. We also expect to generate almost 2.5 to 3 
lakh tons of carbon credit ever year post this expansion. With these expansions the company 
will further penetrate 
its presence 
in the untapped tap market across the western regions 
and also make 
it the largest player in India. Strategic initiatives and operational efficiency 
with a vision for building a brand with innovative products are likely to contribute to healthy 
growth and maximize value for all stakeholders 
in the near-to-medium term. With this, we 
can now open the floor for questions and answer session. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from NVest Research. Please go ahead. 
My first question 
is on the volume side volumes for the Quarter 3 are significantly down on 
YoY basis despite being a very good quarter for construction activities as you also mentioned 
in last concall so this call is raising a big question on migration from red bricks to AAC blocks 
and ramping up of your upcoming facilities, so what is your honest view on the same sir? 
The volume for year-on-year basis is a little on the lower side there are mainly three arbitral 
reasons for the same. One of them is the little slowdown in monsoon as monsoon continued 
even during October month 
in Gujarat and Maharashtra region. Secondly, this year because 
of lot of travel and everything opening up during Diwali. So, 
it was a long vacation season 
during which labor as well as lot of people were busy travelling and thirdly because of better 
prices realization the volume turn down to be little on the lower side, but inspite of that the 
capacity utilization 
has been 
at around 83% and 
also during after Diwali what happens 
generally in Gujarat and such region 
is there is a long vacation period because of which the 
capacity utilization for the Gujarat plant was comparatively lower whereas for Bombay it was 
comparatively on a higher side. 
That 
is one and coming to the guidance part that was given 
in last concall you mentioned 
volume shall grow 8% to 9% over FY22, but your 9month volumes are down as compared to 
the corresponding 9 months that is 4% down, so what is your view on that and how will the 
total volume will shape up by the end of financial year 23? 
For the financial year 2023 the volume should be at almost similar level as what it was for 
FY22 because of these slowdowns because of the monsoon season and slowdown monsoon 
and 
Diwali 
vacations and 
also 
apart from 
this 
because 
of the 
interest 
rate 
hikes 
and 
inflationary pressure there was a little bit sluggishness in the market as compared to what it 
was in the previous year, but that margins compensation has been happened by the increase 
in realizations. 
Sir in this particular quarter your realizations 
| think are down to 4,290 in H1 it was 4,380 so 
what is the reason for that? 
Page 3 of 14

Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
The realizations are little down 
in that aspect because of overall the pricing of all the raw 
materials and everything have also come down and because of which our customers have 
also requested us to reduce some prices on some aspects that is the whole and sole reason 
behind that. 
Means your earlier guidance 
is not holding true like 8% to 9% increase 
in volume as you 
mentioned the volume will be flattish for FY23? 
Our volumes should remain flattish in FY23 for the existing capacities for the new upcoming 
capacities the scale up will happen month-over-month and our guidance remains still the 
same that the lower capacity volumes have been compensated by higher margins, higher 
selling prices little bit over new prices for year-on-year basis and selling prices have gone up 
by almost 12 to 15%. 
That 
| agree, but earlier you mentioned that the volume growth will be 8% to 9% over FY22, if 
FY22 you did around 497,000 kind of volume and based on that it should be 562,000, so 
| was 
asking from that point of view whether you 
are stepping back from those guidance 
in 
volumes? 
So, on a year-on-year basis our volume should be more or less flattish. 
And earlier guidance in the terms of top line you were mentioning you will achieve 225 Cr 
kind of top line, so what is your view on that now? 
Our top line should be achieved as it was guided earlier because the volume down growth has 
been compensated by a better pricing and better margin realization. 
So that means you are saying your guidance for 225 Cr of top line you will achieve, but in 9 
months you have done only 154 Cr, so for that to achieve you have to achieve almost 55 Cr 
kind of revenues in Quarter 4, is it okay with you means or else with your guidance? 
Yes in 9 months we have achieved almost 154 crores of volumes and also there will be new 
capacity addition taking place in the upcoming months the Wada plant will start commercial 
production so that should add to the volumes, the better revenues. 
| agree but the point is you are saying earlier you had guided for 225 Cr kind of revenue right 
and in first 9 months you have achieved 154 Cr, so you are saying the guidance is still holding 
true for revenues in value terms, so for that to achieve you have to almost do around 75 Cr 
kind of revenues in Quarter 4, so are you seeing this numbers to come in Quarter 4? 
We should be getting almost 55 crore to 65 crores of revenue in Quarter 4 that is what we are 
envisaging so far because in Q3 also we got a revenue of almost 50 crores and in last year also 
we got similar revenues so SO crores is the revenue from the normal operations that we are 
Page 4 of 14

CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
Foram Ghoshal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Foram Ghoshal: 
getting on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis and apart from that we should get some additional 
revenue from the upcoming facilities. So, 5S crores to 65 crores should be the revenue for the 
next quarter. 
And what kind of EBITDA margins you are expecting for that 65 Cr revenue? 
The EBITDA margins that we have witnessed in the last two, three quarters we should be able 
to continue with those things. 
In the Quarter 4 right? 
Yes. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Foram Ghoshal, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
So, just you can you elaborate on previous person questions as 
in why volumes decline by 
over 15% year-on-year like 
is there a structural slowdown 
in the real estate sector that you 
are witnessing like we are hearing very good sales from the real estate players these days, so 
then why is it that it is not reflecting in our sales, how is like the current order book right now 
and also demand was down why did realizations go up even 
in this quarter, do you see any 
correction impact on the realization in the coming quarters due to the lower demand? 
So, the capacity utilization has been down 
by almost approximately 15% majority of the 
reasons that can be attributed to the same is a little bit of the prolong monsoon as 
| already 
mentioned earlier and also what happens during Diwali this year after two years of COVID 
which was there during Diwali period this time 
it was a completely open travel season. So, 
because of which a lot of people were travelling and that was probably one of the reasons 
that we can envisage for the slowdown during Diwali period which was for almost 10 days to 
1S days and regarding pricing utilization so the demand has been pretty good because of 
which we have been able to get our prices on 
a better and get better realizations 
in this 
quarter and we see 
in the current quarter also we see the pricing to be almost the similar 
basis or a 
little bit maybe also on the higher side. Coming down to your question for the real 
estate sector in the demand scenario. So, overall, currently also we are seeing good demand 
in the market and we are continuously seeing that red bricks are being replaced by AAC 
blocks on a quarter-on-quarter basis, consumption of AAC blocks is going high and as of today 
also 
| think AAC blocks in majority of the regions that we are present in the pricing of AAC 
blocks is lower than that of red bricks. So, from that angle also we see a good comfort level in 
increasing the prices or maintaining our similar margins going ahead. 
Then if you are saying that if demand is good then why our current sales down? 
Page 5 of 14

Mohit Saboo: 
Foram Ghoshal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Participant: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
As 
| mentioned the sales were down during October and November month. October was 
because of prolonged monsoon season because generally people do not expect monsoon to 
continue until almost 10th, 15th October one reason was that and secondly also during Diwali 
period what happen was there this demand was a 
little slow because of unavailability of labor 
also and also because of lot of people travelling so these were the main things that we have 
observed. December months the demand was 
at 
full fledge 
and 
currently 
also we 
are 
observing full demand scenario. 
Sir one follow-up question regarding volumes so with volume coming down are you sure that 
we will be able to sustain the margins 
in the long run and what 
is the biggest reason for 
seeing such a high margins because we have not seen such margins in the industry before? 
So, the volumes have come down, but as you have seen 
in Q3 also that margins have gone 
up. So, it means that the prices are sustainable and also this is a product in which you cannot 
do inventory for a very long period nor at our factories, nor at the site of the builder or the 
contractor. So, it is not possible to stop this product for a very long period or huge quantity of 
it nor at our factory premises nor at the 
site 
of the customers who 
is the builder or 
a 
contractor because 
it 
is 
a bulky product and because of that when there 
is 
a temporary 
slowdown like because of prolonged monsoons or because of slowdown during Diwali season 
when 
a 
lot of the construction sites were closed because of 
all such things the capacity 
utilization 
has been 
a 
little lower 
in this quarter, 
but we have been able to get better 
realizations 
in the 
last quarter even 
after lower capacity utilizations and 
in the current 
quarter also we are witnessing almost similar pricing. 
Sir just one more last question did we have any carbon credit sales during the quarter and 
if 
so how much was it? 
In the running quarter Q3 there was no carbon credit sales. We are currently getting our 
credit issued for which the audit is ongoing and the last carbon credit that we had sold were 
in Q2 which was for an amount of approximately 1.35 or 1.4 crores and these credits were 
issued 
for the period 
up to August 2021. Now for the period from September 2021 
till 
November 2022 the audit is ongoing. 
Thank you. We have the next follow up question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from NVest 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Sir can you spent some time on your expansion plans number one, do you have currently 
expansion 
plans 
at two 
facilities one 
is 
in Wada 
and 
one 
is 
in 
Kapadvanj. One 
is 
in 
Maharashtra and another one would be in Gujarat. So, what is the status currently and how 
are you looking at utilizing these facilities 
if you are not going to seeing aggressive growth in 
AAC blocks, so can you spent some time in explaining this? 
Page 6 of 14

Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
We have two upcoming facilities for expansion. One of them you said Wada which is again in 
a wholly owned subsidiary of Bigbloc Construction Limited whereby we are putting up 
a 
capacity of 5,00,000 cubic meter per annum which will be into two phases. First phase we are 
starting commercial production tentatively 
in February 2023 of 2,50,000 cubic meters per 
annum and the second expansion that 
is upcoming at Kapadvanj near Kheda 
is 
in the JV 
company with SCG where Bigbloc who has the stake of 52% and SCG holders stake of 48%. 
So, the expansion at Wada is only for AAC blocks whereas the expansion at in the JV company 
is for AAC blocks as well as panels. Coming down to the status of expansion so the Wada 
plant as 
| mentioned we will start commercial production 
in February 23 for phase 
1 and 
phase 2 we intend to start commercial production tentatively later on in the year 2023 itself 
and for the JV company also we intend to start commercial production and calendar year 
2023 so probably in Q3 2023 and regarding the capacity addition so we see a robust future 
and 
for the 
real estate segment and 
also we are increasing our marketing spread 
and 
marketing teams in order to get better capacity utilizations for the upcoming capacities and 
replacement of red brick 
is still huge opportunity market 
for us. As per our estimate, the 
share of AAC blocks is just around 10% to 11% whereas red bricks is still around 80%, 85%. 
See when 
| look at these capacity expansion 
if this 
is huge so are you sure that the market 
needs that level of capacity which can be observed within say one or two years from the time 
you go or commercialize these facilities, you have any view on that? 
This capacity addition 
is needed because as 
| mentioned the share of AAC blocks 
is still very 
low in our country. If we look at a country like China where there are more than 3,500 - 4,000 
AAC blocks plant whereas India just have maybe around 150 to 175 AAC block plants. So, 
if 
you look from that dynamics and if you look from that growth opportunity 
| am sure you can 
visualize that kind of growth is possible and much needed. Moreover, what happens is earlier 
red bricks used to be very cheap and also of lately the government 
is also trying to curve 
down 
on the usage 
of red 
bricks and that 
is how we are trying to gain attraction 
and 
advantage for AAC blocks. 
Another question 
in your presentation you have spoken about 60% subsidiary from State 
government it is on which amount sir like when you say 60% how would you quantify that the 
CAPEX that you incurred in? 
So, the CAPEX that 
is upcoming 
in Wada there 
is 
a state government subsidiary ongoing 
whereby 
if you are an MSME and 
if your CAPEX 
is 
less than SO crores then 60% of that 
amount will be few debt subsidy from the government spread over a period of 10 years. So, 
that is the reason that we have divided the project into two phases. The first phase this will 
be 2.5 lakh cubic meters for which the CAPEX will be approximately 48 — 49 crores and on this 
we will get subsidy from the government which will be 
in the form of interest subvention, 
electricity, UT subventions, stamp duty exemption, gross GST refunds all such methods. 
Page 7 of 14

CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Regarding this joint venture that you 
are with 
the Singapore based company, 
can 
you 
elaborate on the product 
| see that something like wall panels and stuff which 
is being 
considered, so can you spent two minutes on explaining the products that you are looking at 
as part of the joint venture? 
Currently we are manufacturing AAC blocks which 
is autoclaved aerated concrete blocks and 
one block is almost in terms of size that 9 red bricks is equal to one AAC blocks. 
In the joint 
venture we will be manufacture AAC panels so again more or less majority of the setup and 
majority of the infrastructure is the same, but instead of manufacturing AAC blocks what will 
happen is the panels will be huge big size panels which will have a height of almost 8, 9 or 10 
feet as required at the construction site 
a width of three feet which will be more or less 
standard and thickness of 3 inch, 4 inch, 6 inch which is required by the customer depending 
on his internal or external wall partition. Moreover, this panel will be reinforced with steel. 
So, because 
of using these panels the construction 
will 
be much more faster. 
It 
is steel 
reinforce so that way the product is much superior as compared to AAC blocks. So, this will be 
what and currently there is hardly anyone who 
is doing AIC panels in India. So, 
it is another 
new age green building material. 
And predominantly these panels are used 
in commercial projects 
is 
it or 
it could be used 
anywhere? 
It can be used anywhere, can be used even in residential, commercial, industrial all projects. 
So, currently the AAC blocks that we are selling we are supplying to lots of industries as well. 
So, we are supplyingto AmiOrganics if you are aware also we are getting lots of inquiries from 
lots of other industrial developments that are taking place in Gujarat as well as Maharashtra. 
So, L&T also to the likes of developing a factor for JSW for that also they are using AAC blocks. 
Reliance township is coming up in Nagothane for which we are supplying AAC blocks. So, the 
demand scope and potential is huge. 
And have you started doing some pilot work on this wall paneling as well 
| know that your 
facility is not ready, but in order to test the pulse of the customer like whether they would be 
really using those stuff, so have you had any experience firsthand experience on that till now? 
So our partner deal from SCG has already been selling panels at different locations across the 
country and we together have also done some mockups at some of our customer size which 
includes the like of Lodha and L&T and they have shown interest in the product and they have 
liked the product, but they want to know the consistent supplier the lead time and everything 
and when you are importing and selling the product all those things turn out to be little bit of 
the challenge and we are not able to comment them all those things and because of which 
they have not yet placed commercial orders for the same, but the additional marketing 
efforts that we will have to do which will be done 
in before three months of which the 
commercial production at that particular plant. 
Page 8 of 14

CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
Chintan Desai: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Chintan Desai: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Regarding this target sir like for this year you as the previous participant was asking you it was 
225 Cr or something like that for FY23 you are confident of achieving that levels that is what 
you responded 
| suppose can you confirm that? 
We are confident of achieving at least around 95% of that targets. 
And with the similar level of margins that is what you said correct? 
Yes, 
| think you would have observed that moreover in all quarters our margins have been at 
almost similar levels. 
| 
think 
| 
asked 
this 
question 
again 
and 
again 
you 
have 
this 
basic 
raw 
material 
for 
manufacturing this block as flyash, so if it is sufficiently available for you are you seeing any 
challenges in near future in terms of raw material procurement side? 
No, we are not facing any such challenges because our main raw materials are 
fly ash, 
cement, 
lime and 
all 
of them are available 
in abundance 
in the regions where we 
are 
currently present. 
And what is your view for next three years like where you want to reach? 
We already have these two CAPEX plans for west in hand and once we start the commercial 
production 
at Wada we will be looking at two other altogether new geographies for our 
further expansions. One of them will be in the North and the second in the South. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chintan Desai from Param Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Just one data point 
| needed for the bricks till Q1 we have been sharing the pricing of bricks, 
can you please share us what would be the pricing for Q2 and Q3 of bricks? 
Brick pricing earlier used to be in the range of almost two years back used to be in the range 
of Rs. 3 and Rs. 3.5 which on the topmost level had gone up to almost Rs. 10 to Rs. 11 a brick 
and after that the brick prices have also come down marginally and current brick prices are 
ranging in the range of Rs. 8 to Rs. 9 a brick, if we see that in terms of cubic meter than the 
brick pricing comes down to almost Rs. 4,500 to Rs. 5,500 a cubic meter approximately. 
And any outlook on the pricing for the bricks as in the stricter regulation and hence this price 
more or less should be the precursor that we should look at or it can further fall? 
| think this pricing of bricks are nowhere coming down because for them the transportation 
cost 
is three times than what 
it 
is for us because the densities are much higher. Secondly, 
slowly and gradually the kilns are moving away from the city. So, for them the distance is also 
Page 9 of 14

Chintan Desai: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Chintan Desai: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Sarda: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
increasing and the pricing 
is also going up and also overall manufacturing bricks as well 
application of bricks making of all using bricks in every aspects bricks are turning out to be 
more and more expensive. So, looking at that aspect brick will keep on going down from 
quarter-on-quarter basis going ahead. 
Last question 
in terms of awareness in particular with respect to AAC blocks tier wise 
if you 
could give us some flavor as to urban areas developers are well aware of AAC blocks, how is 
the situation in rural areas or the towns where a single house is made by individual? 
In urban areas 
| think the market penetration in Tier 1 cities or going up to maybe even Tier 2 
cities the penetration has been pretty good. 
In Tier 1 the penetration might be going up to 
75%, 80% in Tier 2 maybe at around 60%, but in Tier 3 cities the penetration and awareness is 
still a little bit low and that is where we are working on ourselves also as well as through the 
contract manufacturing that we are doing for Ambuja and such people because of which we 
are able to penetrate such markets and generate some interest and inquiries and increase 
our quantities in that region. 
Any activities from your side that you do to increase awareness in those areas? 
Just a normal marketing activities and getting them more aware about the advantages of AAC 
blocks and the harmful effects of bricks. 
Thank 
you. 
We 
have 
the 
next 
question 
from 
the 
line 
of Tushar 
Sarda 
from 
Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
There is a lot of questions on your volume and demand, so do you have any way of estimate 
the demand in the region that you serve and your market share? 
So, the market share as of today in the region that we are present in so we would be having a 
market share of almost 4% to 6% on an average out of the total market of AAC blocks 
in 
western India which includes the cities of Bombay, Pune and mainly the states of Gujarat and 
Maharashtra and there 
is no concrete way to understand demand scenario because this 
product 
is replacing red bricks which 
is more or less a complete unorganized industry and 
what has happened since April even red bricks have been gotten under GST. So, lot of the red 
brick manufactures 
and 
all 
have 
also 
been 
to 
facing 
lot 
of challenges because 
of the 
compliance burden in Eway bill, re-invoicing of... 
| am sorry to interrupt sir can you please repeat your last line we could not hear you Mr. 
Saboo. Mr. Saboowe are unable to hear you sir. 
| would request you to repeat your last line 
sir. 
Page 10 of 14

Mohit Saboo: 
Tushar Sarda: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Tushar Sarda: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Tushar Sarda: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Tushar Sarda: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
So, from first April onwards even red bricks have come under the purview of GST and GST is 
okay, 
but for them the entire compliance of GST, Eway bills and also things are of huge 
headaches because 
of which 
lots 
of small unorganized 
red 
brick manufactures are also 
shutting down their facility to be very kind. So, there 
is no concrete market share for this 
product as compared to against red bricks. 
When 
| say market assessment you have given two states Maharashtra and Gujarat, but 
| 
thought your product would get transported to a very small distance it will really not travel 
very large distance, so 
| really mean micro market share? 
Sorry 
| did not get you can you come again. 
Your product cannot be transported very long distances because of the volume and the 
weight? 
We can go to 
a distance of almost 300 
- 400 kilometer 
is easily to be very frank for this 
product. For that 
| have already given you what market share we currently have in the states 
of Gujarat and Maharashtra. 
So, who is your major competitor in AAC then? 
So, there 
is Hyderabad Industries Limited apart from that there 
is Magicrete. So, these are 
the two big names apart from that majority of them are all small unorganized players sort of 
things not unorganized exactly, but single plant or lower capacity size players. 
And how big are HIL and Magicrete? 
So, HIL currently has a capacity of around 8.5 or 10 lakh cubic meters and 
| think Magicrete is 
also set around similar capacities of around 7.5 lakh or 8 lakh cubic meters. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anirudh Singhi from Dalal&Broacha 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to understand your margin profile till FY22 we are doing like low teen sort of 
margin and certainly we are doing 24%, 25% margin, so what has led to this expansion? 
Your voice was quite low can you come again. 
So, 
| am saying at the last year until FY22 we were low teen sort of margin and now we are 
doing mid 20 sort of margins so what has led to this jump? 
As 
| mentioned earlier also to one of the questions regarding as the margins gone up and 
what is the pricing of red bricks, so two years back as compared to red bricks AAC block was 
Page 11 of 14

Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
AvinashGorakshakar: 
Moderator: 
an expensive product. So, the pricing of red bricks two years back used to be in the range of 
almost Rs. 1,800 to Rs. 2,200 a cubic meter whereas red bricks were in the range of almost 
Rs. 2,500, Rs. 2,700 a cubic meter. What has happened in the last two years is that red bricks 
because of the pollution control norms or because of the transportation cost and also moving 
away from the markets there overall costing and everything has gone up also now GST 
burden coming up on them. So, that 
is why pricing of red bricks have almost come up to 
almost Rs. 8, Rs. 9 a brick which comes down to almost Rs. 4,500 to Rs. 5,500 a cubic meter 
whereas AAC blocks today are comparatively cheaper than red bricks are. So, one of them 
main reason for it is this. Secondly also the awareness and availability and the acceptance for 
AAC blocks has grown up drastically in the last two years. 
So, do you expect these sort of margins to continue on the longer term? 
Yes, we definitely except these sort of margins to continue for the longer term and 
| think 
that can be seen from our results itself from the last 8 quarters, 9 quarters where the overall 
the revenue margins and turnover everything has gone to sort of consistent levels and also as 
| mentioned earlier on one of the questions that the demand scope and the growth scope for 
AAC blocks is used because there is a product which is still replacing red bricks. 
And just to get 
a better understanding 
in the 
9 months what% of our growth would 
be 
attributable to realization improvement and how much to volumes? 
Can you come on the question again. 
So, in this year how much of a growth is from volume and how much is from realization? 
So, in terms of volumes more or less it is sort of flattish. So, the majority of the growth has 
been just due to improvement in realizations. 
So now going ahead 
if we expect this sort of realization to continue our volume growth will 
have to drive the growth? 
The volume growth will also come ahead because of the capacity additions that we are also 
taking up. 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of AvinashGorakshakar from Profitmart. 
Please go ahead. 
| think 
| had just two questions one is 
| wanted to know is the business seasonal because we 
saw a slight dip in your revenue for the third quarter moving, if you could tell us that... 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Avinash. 
| will request you to use your handset to ask a question we 
cannot hear you clearly sir. 
Page 12 of 14

AvinashGorakshakar: 
Mohit Saboo: 
AvinashGorakshakar: 
Mohit Saboo: 
AvinashGorakshakar: 
Mohit Saboo: 
AvinashGorakshakar: 
Actually, 
| am travelling so there was a slight disturbance, but 
| just wanted to understand 
from the management team that if slightly seasonal 
if we see the second half that is Jan to 
March slightly more robust compared to the third quarter because December we saw a 
slight 
dip in revenues 
if you should share some details unfortunately 
| joined the call little late, so 
please accept my apology 
| am repeating the question? 
So, coming down to the seasonality question it is a little bit seasonal because what happens is 
in monsoon period the construction sites and all also get a little slow because of torrential 
monsoon in Bombay and overall Western India region and so in terms of capacity utilization 
generally in monsoon period and post Holi the capacity utilization are little on the lower side. 
Coming down to this quarter Q3 the capacity utilization has been 
a 
little low because of 
prolonged monsoon season which stretched up to October also and also during Diwali period 
there was a longer break and longer shutdown because of unavailability of labor and due to 
travel opening up everyone going to their villages and 
a lot of weddings and everything as 
well. So, because of majority of these two reasons October and November were a little slow 
and from December onwards 
| think we have seen the market pickup pretty well. 
So, can we expect that from the fourth quarter that 
is from January onwards you could 
definitely see not only realizations, but even the volume pick up to be significantly robust as 
compared to the third quarter if you could give us some clarity on that? 
Yes, 
| think we can definitely expect better capacity utilization in Q4 as compared to what we 
have observed in Q3. 
And one more question which 
| wanted to ask you that 
| know your Thailand facility your JV 
with your Thailand partner it would commission from the fourth quarter of FY24, so 
if you 
could share some details on that and how is it progress in the coming 12 months, some color 
on that? 
So, we have just completed the land acquisition and majority of the land that we acquire we 
say in Gujarat or any such regions are agricultural lands and the first process 
is to convert 
their agricultural 
land 
into 
a non agricultural land 
for which we 
will have 
to do 
lots 
of 
government formalities which have been already started and we expect to complete the 
same in the upcoming two, three months, but irrespective of that we can start construction 
activities at our site which we intend to start in the upcoming one month or so and we will 
also place machinery orders in the upcoming one or two months and post that we have a 
target of completing entire construction as well as installation of machinery activity in the 
period of almost 9 months to 10 months from starting the same. 
So 
hopefully we should 
be 
able 
to 
see some 
sort 
of revenue, some 
sort 
of turnover 
contribution at least in FY24 or is it going to be much beyond that because we are wanting to 
Page 13 of 14

Mohit Saboo: 
AvinashGorakshakar: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Mohit Saboo: 
Moderator: 
know the investment is about 88 crores, 89 crores whatever work is going to be completed, 
can we see some sort of revenue in FY24 or a little later if you could give some clarity? 
So yes, we can expect some sort of revenues from the JV plant also by Q3 FY24 or Q4 FY24. 
Maybe second half of FY24 we would see a little bit of contribution 
| mean hopefully? 
Yes, 
| think we can see good contributions from Q4 FY24. 
Thank you. We have the next follow up question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from NVest 
Research. Please go ahead. 
My question has already been answered. 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today 
| would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management from Bigbloc Construction Limited for closing comments. Over to 
you, Sir. 
| would like to thank all of you for participating in this earnings conference call and asking 
such good questions. 
| hope we were able to answer all your questions satisfactorily and at 
the same time offer insights into our business and to upcoming growth plans. If you have any 
further questions 
| would 
like to 
like more about the company. Please reach out to our 
investor relation managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you, stay safe and stay healthy. 
Thank you. On behalf of Bigbloc Construction Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 14 of 14
