Member of National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, BSE Ltd and Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. 
SEBI Registration: INZ000183631 
CIN No.: L67120MH1995PLC086241 
 
ICICI Securities Limited 
Registered Office:  
ICICI Venture House 
Appasaheb Marathe Marg, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025, India 
Tel. (91 22) 6807 7100 
Fax (91 22) 6807 7803 
Corporate Office : 
Shree Sawan Knowledge Park, Plot No. D-507, 
T.T.C. Ind. Area, M.I.D.C, Turbhe, Navi Mumbai - 400 705 
Tel.: (91 22) 6807 7100 
Fax: (91 22) 6807 7801 
Name of Compliance Officer (Broking Operations) : Ms. Mamta Shetty 
Email Address: complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com / Tel. (91 22) 4070 1000  
Website Address: www.icicisecurities.com / www.icicidirect.com 
 
 
 
     
January 27, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited       
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department         
 
               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,                                          
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 Sub: Earnings call transcript for the quarter and nine months ended                         
December 31, 2022 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol - ISEC & BSE Scrip Code - 541179 
 
This is further to our letters dated January 17, 2023 and January 19, 2023. The 
Company had hosted an Earnings call with investors and analysts on Thursday, 
January 19, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the Earnings call for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2022. The same is also made available on the 
Company’s website at www.icicisecurities.com 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ICICI Securities Limited 
 
 
 
Rupesh Jadhav 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RUPESH 
LAXMAN 
JADHAV
Digitally signed 
by RUPESH 
LAXMAN JADHAV 
Date: 2023.01.27 
18:05:37 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“ICICI Securities Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIJAY CHANDOK – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SARAF – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ICICI 
SECURITIES LIMITED, ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. HARVINDER JASPAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL GULECHHA – HEAD, RETAIL EQUITIES, ICICI 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. KEDAR DESHPANDE – HEAD, RETAIL DISTRIBUTION, 
PRODUCTS & SERVICES GROUP, ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
MR. 
ANUPAM 
GUHA – 
HEAD, 
PRIVATE 
WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT, ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. SUBHASH KELKAR – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY & DIGITAL 
OFFICER, ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. KETAN KARKHANIS – HEAD, DIGITAL CLIENT 
ACQUISITION & CO-HEAD, NEW SOLUTIONS GROUP, ICICI 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. NILOTPAL GUPTA – HEAD, DATA SCIENCE UNIT, ICICI 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
MS. NIDHI KAJARIA – HEAD, HUMAN RESOURCES, ICICI 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of ICICI 
Securities Limited for the Quarter-ended December 31, '22. 
We have with us today on the call, Mr. Vijay Chandok – Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. Ajay Saraf – Executive Director; Mr. Harvinder Jaspal – Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Vishal Gulechha – Head (Retail Equities); Mr. Kedar Deshpande – Head (Retail 
Distribution, Products and Services Group); Mr. Anupam Guha – Head (Private Wealth 
Management); Mr. Subhash Kelkar – Chief Technology and Digital Officer; Mr. Ketan 
Karkhanis – Head (Digital Client Acquisition and Co-Head New Solutions Group); Mr. Nilotpal 
Gupta – Head (Data Science Unit) and Ms. Nidhi Kajaria – Head (Human Resources). 
For the duration of this presentation, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. I will 
be standing by for the Q&A Session. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. The business presentation can be found on the company's 
corporate website www.icicisecurities.com under Investor Relations. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Chandok – M.D. and CEO, ICICI Securities. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Thank you very much. A very good evening to all of you and welcome to ICICI Securities Q3 
Earnings Call for Fiscal 2023. 
First of all, let me take this opportunity to wish you all and your families a very Happy New 
Year. I'm sure that by now you would have already perused our “Investor Presentation,” which 
has been uploaded as was mentioned on our website. 
Let me start my narrative with sharing a few highlights of the industry performance in the quarter 
that has gone by and take you through some of the key aspects of the performance of the 
company. In the previous quarter, I'm referring to the Q2 of this fiscal year, we had witnessed 
some encouraging signs on most matrices. However, in comparison, this quarter, I'm talking Q3 
now, was in some sense a mixed bag as far as some of these parameters are concerned. Some of 
them saw an improvement on a sequential basis, while some others saw moderation. So, let me 
just bring out the aspects that actually saw an improvement. 
The first item that saw an improvement in this quarter sequentially was the F&O trading 
activities where the ADTO grew by about 18%. 
The second was the systematic investment plans and mutual funds continue to show an 
increasing trend, growing at a 6% clip sequentially. Gross flows into equity mutual funds also 
increased by about 1% sequentially. Equity capital markets fundraise activities picked up as the 
primary market saw some activity and some issuances coming back on the back of slightly more 
supportive market conditions. These were on the positive. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
On the flip side, cash volumes declined 5% on sequential basis, new Demat accounts continue 
to witness a moderation and they declined actually 7% on a sequential quarter basis. NSE active 
clients continue to show a declining trend for the second straight quarter and it declined by about 
5% sequentially. Gross flows into debt mutual funds declined by 15% on a sequential basis. 
So, against this backdrop, you would have seen that our Q3 revenues increased by 2% on 
sequential basis to Rs.880 crores almost. It, however, declined by 7% on a YoY basis owing to 
a 24% decline in the retail cash ADTO, that is on the YoY basis. And the second reason was a 
muted capital market activity compared to the corresponding period of last year. 
As far as the profit after tax is concerned, it declined 6% sequentially to Rs.281 crores. And this 
decline was mainly on account of the finance cost, which was the cause of increase in interest 
rates and the hikes in the interest rates that we witnessed. It declined on a YoY basis by about 
26% as we continue to emphasize on franchise enhancing spends to harness medium-term 
growth prospects of the company. 
During the quarter, there were four key focus areas for us. We focused on all the input 
parameters: The #1 focus was improving market share across various areas of business. #2, our 
focus on diversifying our revenue mix and intensifying the focus on the wealth franchise, 
because we clearly are seeing, this reduces cyclicality in our business model, which is an 
important focus for us. Cost efficiencies continue to be an area of attention, but it was done in a 
manner that we don't compromise on medium-term growth prospects. So, cost efficiency has 
been a key. And simultaneously, the fourth area of focus was building a product proposition, so 
that we are future-ready and ready to take on all market opportunities. 
So, I'll just quickly take you through what all happened with respect to those four focus areas: 
 
The first one, with respect to market share, we saw continuing improvement in retail 
derivative market share; it inched up sequentially to about 3.8%. And there has been 
growth not just in market share, but I think the fabric of growth has been peppered 
with increase in number of customers, number of orders, number of lots and so on and 
so forth, it's been a granular growth. We maintained our retail cash market share at 
about approximately 10.5%. And this is just to remind you that this increase was after 
a 90 basis points increase that we saw in the previous quarter. 
 
We continue to remain in a leadership position in the margin trade finance business. 
Our market share remain broadly steady at about 23%. Commodity has been an area 
of recent addition to our portfolio. Our commodity trading segment continue to show 
positive traction and market share increase sequentially from 5.5% to 5.6%. As far as 
mutual funds is concerned, market share was stable at about 1.7%. 
 
So, while we gained and maintain market share in the above parameters, I must just 
highlight that our NSE active market share and incremental Demat market share 
declined. And this was in some sense due to a conscious reduction in the new client 
acquisition as we continue to focus on acquiring quality clients. And due to this 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
focused acquisition strategy, we were able to gain and maintain market share across 
most of the parameters as I just highlighted about and we also saw revenue increase 
on a sequential basis. This is despite the fact that the new client acquisition and NSE 
Active, both of them actually declined. So, quality has really played out and helped us 
increase our market share as well as the revenue that I spoke about. 
Coming to the second area of focus, which is diversification, reducing cyclicality continues to 
be an important part of the strategy. This quarter, despite the fact that cash ADTO fell by 24% 
on a YoY basis and capital markets had been muted on a comparative corresponding in this 
specific quarter of last year. Our revenues in Q3 declined by just 7% as compared to Q3 of FY22
 
. 
This is a result of the focus on diversification, externalization of revenue base as well as focusing 
on scaling up the margin trade finance proposition as well as the Prime plan that we brought out 
about two and a half years back. Generating revenue from multiple products has been another 
cause for this kind of diversification. We've also, I think, gained by strengthening our derivative 
proposition and sharpened our focus on the wealth franchise. 
Going forward, we will continue this journey of diversification and focus on generating multiple 
sources of revenue and not just multiple sources of revenue, but meaningfully getting these 
different sources to contribute to further reduce the cyclicality component. So, we are really 
focused on trying to reduce that cyclicality, which has brought about due to the cash broking and 
capital markets business as a part of our business model. 
I mentioned about our wealth business; our wealth assets increased 15% on a YoY basis and 5% 
on a sequential quarter basis, and as at 31st December, it was at about INR3.2 trillion. The 
revenues from the wealth franchise remain approximately flat at about Rs.259 crores for the 
quarter that ended in Q3 of FY23. 
With regards to cost, the cost for the quarter increased sequentially by about 9% and 16% on a 
YoY basis. This increase on a sequential basis is mainly on account of finance cost, which is 
actually all linked with margin trade finance, while the increase on a yearly basis on account of 
finance cost, employee cost and tech cost. As we move forward, we continue to look at costs in 
a judicious manner so that we optimize the cost impact on our P&L even as we press on our 
growth levers. 
Finally, on the last aspect of focus, talking about product launches, initiatives to be future-ready 
we made, we brought out few into very interesting products like Cash Trade, the integrated 
Watch List, and we brought “I-Alert,” which is basically a risk-based alert system, which is now 
being made available to our customers on WhatsApp. 
As far as our apps are concerned, the total downloads of all our apps combined crossed 9 million. 
As far as our issuer in advisory business is concerned, we have a strong IPO pipeline; the pipeline 
stacks up to about Rs.41,000 crores across 21 deals. In addition to this, we have 16 deals where 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
the amount is yet to be decided. We are optimistic that as and when the market supports these 
IPOs, the deals are near-state of readiness so they can be quickly executed given the state of 
readiness as and when markets give the opportunity. 
As we move forward, I would like to specifically bring attention to what we will focus on growth. 
There are five key focus areas to propel growth that I would like to list out: The first one is 
Wealth Management; the second is Derivatives; the third is Insurance; the fourth is Loans and 
we're going to be using personalization and analytics to drive all of this business. 
As far as the wealth management business is concerned, we are seeing increasing number of 
HNIs and these are across entrepreneurs, professional CXOs. We find that this customer is 
underserved and there is a need for bespoke wealth management products. Our key strengths 
here as we've been highlighting in the past is our ability to give the much needed trust that this 
segment requires, supporting it with very strong relationship and product and platform 
proposition so that we have a holistic offering for our customers, very strongly supported 
digitally. 
I spoke to you at length on our wealth franchise during the last quarter call. I would just like to 
reiterate that what is unique about our value proposition is that it is brand-led, it is proposition 
and RM-supported, and this really makes it much easier for us to scale this business. And all this 
what I'm saying is demonstrated by the fact that we've emerged as one of the largest wealth 
franchises in the country with about 76,000 clients now, where each client has at least a crore of 
rupees with us and the aggregate wealth is now as I mentioned Rs.3.2 trillion, and from just three 
years back, this number has grown from Rs.33,000 and less than one lakh crore to the numbers 
that I just described. What we also find is that this customer segment demonstrates high 
persistency and revenue salience and more details of this you will find in our investor 
presentation. Going forward, as we think about this business as a growth lever for us, we have 
identified certain pockets of growth in terms of geographical locations. And to harness this, we 
will be strengthening our RM footprint and couple it with our tech investments and analytical 
capabilities so that we are able to do a very efficient coverage of our clients and drive growth 
out of this business. 
Coming to a derivative segment, we feel that it has relatively more structural sort of support in 
terms of growth. We made investments on areas like pricing, customer experience, various kinds 
of tools and the API architecture to gain market share. As I already highlighted, we've started 
seeing some gains in market share for three consecutive quarters, and we are seeing improvement 
in various parameters as already explained. Derivative revenues has been increasing by now for 
six consecutive quarters and therefore its share in the retail broking is also on an uptick. 
Most of our new product launches in space, whether it is cash trade, different types of algos, 
APIs, products like OptionPLUS, are all seeing increasing traction since we have launched it. 
We are redoubling our efforts to communicate all these launches to our customers. Above the 
line television campaigns are now visible, you can see them on CNBC and some of the other 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
channels. And we have also significantly pumped up our social media engagements and some 
green shoots in terms of results are visible in this particular space. 
As far as the insurance segment is concerned, it's again a big opportunity. We've already scaled 
up the life insurance business. We've enhanced on the General Insurance & Health Insurance 
side. We've recently partnered with Aditya Birla Health Insurance and Manipal Cigna Health 
Insurance and we will soon be adding more partners both in the health and general insurance 
side given the recent IRDA guidelines. 
General insurance to some extent and I would say even health insurance is very amenable to 
digital way of engaging. And in order to provide customers with digital journeys and seamless 
experiences here, we've announced our partnership with CoverStack which has already been 
integrated onto our platform now. And we believe that this partnership and enhancement in 
partners will help us scale up general insurance in the near future. 
In order to grow our life insurance, we are using more of the analytical tools, (PASA), the Pre-
Approved Sum Assured, methodology to improve the quality of our leads. As a result of all this, 
our life insurance revenue has grown from about Rs.49 crores in FY20 to about Rs.70 crores in 
FY22, and we've already achieved about Rs.53 crores in the nine months of this current year. 
General Insurance is something that we are optimistic about growth as we move into the current 
quarter and the year to follow. 
As far as loans are concerned, we aspire to emerge as a digital consumer lending distribution 
powerhouse. We offer the entire suite of products and services with a tie up with various partners, 
lending partners that is, and we have enabled end-to-end digital processes in unsecured consumer 
lending products. 
We recently started credit card distribution, and we will be soon launching personal loans on our 
platform. We are clearly seeing a very strong demand, and we also find that from a distribution 
margin point of view, the margin for personal loans are higher. 
We launched loan against mutual fund with Tata Capital, and loan against securities is expected 
to go live very soon in the current quarter. 
Our loan against securities with Bajaj has already been made live in the last quarter. 
Also, to just to give you an update, we had tied up after the changes in the Reserve Bank of India 
guidelines with respect to ESOP funding with a partner, Cholamandalam Finance for ESOP 
finance. And we have now seen that the total disbursements since that tie up about roughly two 
quarters back has crossed Rs.100 crores. All this would be of course, sitting in Chola's books. 
Our account aggregator framework has gone live. And as a consequence, we've sort of identified 
the first use case, not really for loans, but for F&O. And we are using this account aggregator 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
framework for identifying customers through F&O customers for a very simple process, and 
there are multiple other use cases which are getting explored with the AA framework there. This 
quarter, we distributed for the first time in our history 1,000 crores of loans. What we disbursed 
in this quarter was the entire year disbursement in FY'20. So, we are fairly optimistic with the 
digital initiatives and emphasis and focus on loans, we will continue to see this going trajectory. 
Finally, coming to personalization, we are deploying various martech tools to offer products to 
customers in a hyper-personalized fashion by developing synergies between the data models and 
various modes of engagement. The Adobe project that we had introduced, has been completed 
in Q3. And as a result of this, we have started seeing some improvement in our strike rates with 
customers. This has resulted in better crops and numbers, as our customers with two or more 
products is actually witnessing a steady uptick, and this number now stands at about 1.2 million 
customers with at least two products as at December 2022. 
To sort of conclude, I would just say that we have strong medium-term prospects for our 
industry. I think we are very, very strategically placed to harness this opportunity. We are 
making relevant investments in key focus areas and we are optimistic of growth as we move into 
the coming few quarters. 
I'd like to end and throw it open for questions that you may have. Thank you very much for a 
very patient hearing. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Swarnabh 
Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
So, two, three questions here. First, on your customer acquisition. So, you mentioned that you 
have focused on acquiring quality of customers. I think that is the reason what I see in numbers 
that your customers from non-ICICI Bank channel has gone down in share significantly; it is 
now I think 58% of the 3.4 lakhs customers you have acquired this time. While I see that the run 
rate for ICICI Bank remains steady, the non-ICICI Bank hence have gone down drastically. So, 
two questions here. Then, what would be the strategy going ahead, are we going to focus more 
on ICICI Bank customers? And if that is the case, then, are we again reorienting ourselves to 
more cash-focused customers and not derivatives? That is the first part. The second part is, what 
kind of challenges you are seeing say in the quality of customers who are outside the ICICI Bank 
channel? And would that mean that we should continue to see an impact on our active clients as 
we go ahead as those customers complete maybe reasonable trading cycle post will they turn 
inactive? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Thanks a lot for your questions. So, to say that we are moving back into ICICI and aborting the 
non-ICICI will not be accurate. We have been guiding that, we have grown our digital 
acquisition engine, and there are at least four or five different sub-channels in the digital side, 
each sub-channel leading to a certain quality of customer. For first five or six quarters, we just 
increased the number of customers, but with an experience of about five, six quarters and 
experience of the behavior of these customers, we identified which channels are worthwhile in 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
terms of serious customers… once again, this is not about investors or traders, it's about anyone 
who's interested in investing in equities, whether as a trader or as an investor, we are completely 
neutral to that. We found that there are certain channels which are more conducive. Our 
investment of effort, time and money has been towards that channel. Those channels are tougher 
to acquire, they are time consuming to build up sort of a brand and a name to get more and more 
of those customers, which is what we've been focusing on, it's a relatively more hardworking 
method of getting the quality customers. And therefore, the number of customers who are less 
serious about investing, we have sort of started muting. That is why this mix has changed. As 
we increase our, I would say, ability to attract and scale up these quality customer from digital 
channels, this should only increase. We are still, I would say, four, five quarters or six quarters 
young in this space of digital acquisition. Some of the people who have done extremely well in 
this space have been around for several years. I think we are catching up at a reasonably fast 
rate, and we'll continue to do that. So, I don't want you to think of it that there's a pivot back to 
ICICI and there's a pivot to the cash customer. We are completely neutral. We want a good 
quality customer, whether it is cash or whether it is derivative. I think a couple of other notable 
points I'd just highlight is that apart from ICICI Bank, we have also tied up with, just to remind 
you HSBC, some time back IDFC, and both these channels have also started contributing quality 
customers now, I think the numbers have started coming from both these channels. So, for us, 
it's a multi-channel strategy. ICICI Bank is an important partner, it will continue to remain an 
important partner. Completely neutral to whether cash or F&O, we want quality customer. So, I 
hope I kind of responded to your question the way you expected. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, coming to my second question, so, the various categories of customers that you mentioned 
in your disclosure, so one is Prime, one is Prepaid, and the third is Neo, about which you give 
some numbers. So, two things which I wanted some comments from your side. One is that the 
share of Prime and Prepaid, the broking revenue mix have started to go down. So, I was a bit 
curious there, what is happening because it's only a function of a better rate or has there been 
some contraction in the trading activity also, if you could throw some light on that? And 
secondly, sequentially in third quarter, the number of Neo customers have gone down slightly. 
Now, I'm not sure what could be the reason for a delinquency out here, if you could maybe throw 
some light on that, what happened to that, although the number is small, but since you have 
started to build out on this side of the business very recently, and also the fact that I think this is 
one of the key levers of growth, you're expecting. So, if you could throw some light on this. 
Vishal Gulechha: 
So, as far as Prime and Prepaid plans are concerned, so these two plans continue to contribute 
majority of our revenue, if I go back about three, four quarters, these two plans were contributing 
about 65% of our revenue, and even in the present quarter, the picture is not very different. So, 
that is one part of the Prime revenue. The second part of the Prime is how many new customers 
are we getting into prime, and what is the renewal fee, which we are getting. So, I would like to 
state that on the Neo prime enrollment, where the focus is very high on the high value plans, the 
numbers continue to be robust even in Q3 and even when we compare those numbers with the 
Q1 and Q2. Secondly, on the renewal part, we have made only the high value Prime as a lifetime 
proposition. However, our base plan, which was 299 and the Rs.900 plan, those plans continue 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
to be in the renewal state, and we continue to get the revenue from the renewal on month-to-
month basis, and that run rate also continue to maintain. So, as far as prime and prepaid business 
fabric is concerned, I think there is no disturbance, both the plans are continuing to do as 
expected. As far as Neo enrollment is concerned, in Q3, two things have happened: One, the 
market sentiments were slightly muted. So, the activity levels as far as new customers acquisition 
was concerned, were not that high. And second thing, even as you know, there were a few 
compliance level things which were implemented in October, November and December. So, that 
caused a little bit of disturbance in terms of getting this plan activated at the time of acquisition 
itself. Now, things are settling down as we entered Q4, and we expect that run rate will be able 
to gain back. And even those customers which we acquired in Q3, we are reaching back to these 
customers and getting them now enrolled for the plan. As there was some delay in activation, 
that is why numbers took some beating. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Just one added point I want to remind you that this has been a quarter where the activity levels 
in the market itself has been muted, which is reflected in a slightly lower industry level number. 
So, whatever you're seeing with us in some sense is a reflection of the industry also. So, you 
have to view it in that context. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
I just wanted to understand in the sense of the Neo numbers that this is a stock number, right, so 
it is a number of customers. I could not visualize a scenario where that could go down, I mean, 
even if they're inactive for a period, they will still be in the base, so that's why I wanted to know. 
Vijay Chandok: 
It refers to active numbers, not stock numbers, stock numbers, you're right, would be up, the 
active numbers would have gone down because some of the Neo customers in that particular 
quarter given the market would be not trading. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
If you could give your comments on what would be the impact of a) this SEBI circular which 
came yesterday on blocking of funds for trading in secondary market, because you have got this 
Neo plan where there would be some float income, so some quantum of that would be helpful? 
Any impact of the T+1 settlement that is also going to come? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Thanks. These are great questions. So, as you know that bulk of our business operates on the 
block model and that's the way we have been operating historically. I think from customers point 
of view, this is a great step from SEBI, in a way ensures that the funds are secured in a banking 
set up and not sitting with the market participants. We have always operated in that model 
historically and it's actually rest of the markets which doesn't operate there. So, this question of 
the impact will be more on people who operate with that model. All the discount brokers operate 
on that model. So, there would be a significant impact there. As far as we are concerned, the 
impact of this on our recently launched business would be a very, very small fraction of the total 
revenue. Our dependence on float for the purpose of revenue which could potentially get 
depleted because of this new circular is a very minor part of our total sort of story. So, I would 
say, a negligible impact only for us as far as this is concerned, but certainly, lots of operational 
investments will be required by all of us to make it work. I also understand, though it is still 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
early days, that this would be given as an option to the customer. So, the customer can continue 
to choose the option of being in the current model or he could switch to a block model. So, some 
customers may choose to remain in the current model. So, to that extent, there could be some 
kind of a moderation of the impact. But it's to be seen. As far as industry is concerned, more 
impact, as far as we are concerned, it's going to be negligible impact. T-+1 seems to have passed 
without much fanfare and without much noise. The last tranche, but an important tranche is 
coming on the 25th of January. We are not anticipating any significant impact either at the 
industry level nor certainly not at the company level. So, I think things have settled down. This 
is the last but an important part of the market moving to T+1 settlement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on wealth, now we've added about 5,000 new wealth clients 
this quarter. Just want to understand, how many of them are actually new to I-Sec and how many 
of them are just that they crossed the one crore threshold, and hence they converted from like a 
normal client to a wealth client? 
Anupam Guha: 
Hi, Piran. This is Anupam here. So, of the clients that we add, our strategy are broadly two-fold. 
One is to really look at our existing customers and really through data analytics and through 
better engagement, we are able to really increase the share of the wallet. That continues to be 
bulk of it and that's core to our strategy given the large base of clients that we are working on, 
that typically is broadly closer to 90% of the acquisitions that we do, and through the open 
market sourcing is typically 10%. 
Piran Engineer: 
So, in that case, is the open market thing, do you think you need to like rebrand yourself out 
there in the market to be perceived as a wealth manager? I think IIFL Wealth has also done some 
rebranding exercise, in order to sort of step up this open market number? 
Anupam Guha: 
Probably, too premature to talk about it, at the right time we will probably talk about it, but it is 
a very interesting thought which we also are discussing internally, we leave it there for now. 
Piran Engineer: 
And just the second question is on F&O, so ADTO has doubled Y-o-Y but the revenue is up 
about 25% or so, so how do I really correlate that because we have been on a fixed pricing model 
largely even in the pace quarter a year ago, so what really explains this? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Piran, it is option of Neo, so Neo incrementally, the fixed pricing model as well as ad-valorem 
model, both are there and fixed pricing model adoption has been increasing quarter-on-quarter, 
so when you see Y-o-Y that is the key impact. 
Piran Engineer: 
So, if you can just share broadly ballpark, what percentage of our revenue or trading comes from 
Neo customers in F&O? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, today we have reached about 65% in terms of volume coming from Neo, about 65% to 70%, 
if I may just give a ballpark number, so 65% to 70% of our trading volume have started now 
coming from Neo. Just a year could have been in the range of let us say about 25% to 35%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I had a couple of questions, firstly on the margin trade funding book, how do you see this 
business because it has been kind of growing at a very strong pace and to me, I understood it to 
be a cyclical business, but can you help me understand how are you thinking with respect to this 
business model and do you think that the growth here is sustainable and this is the 23% market 
share, do you think it can further increase, do you want to increase this further and also some 
granularity on the costs and how the funding cost has panned out and how much have you 
transmitted it to the customer, that is question number one? Second is on the mutual fund 
business, that SIP has recovered after 2-3 quarters of consistent decline, but still your market 
share on the SIP book seems to be declining consistently, what are your thoughts there as to why 
is it happening and how do you think you can regain some of the lost market share, I understand 
some of the digital customers have increased digitally, the platforms have taken up their market 
share in terms of numbers, but ours is like value market share loss, so could you explain those 
two elements for me? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Let me start by responding to your first one, which is on the MTF. So, first and foremost I think 
we look upon MTF as very strategic and at the same time, we want to grow this in a responsible 
manner because we want to only deal with the type of customers who are amenable to MTF. We 
are systematically identifying such potential customers and then offering this to them and we 
find that over the quarters, we have not only increased the book, but we have also increased the 
number of customers doing this business with us, so it is being built in a granular way. Secondly, 
I would say that we should look upon MTF as a product which works very well when the outlook 
is positive. When the market outlook is buoyant and constructive, obviously there is lot more 
interest for this product rather than when this kind of a sentiment is not present. So, the velocity 
of growth of this book is dependent on the market outlook sentiment that the investors have from 
time to time. In the recent past, the third point is how does it behave, I just thought that I have 
to share some practical experience. In the recent past, we have seen that headline numbers of 
Nifty moved from, in the ballpark of about 18,500 down to 16,000 briefly, so we did see a swing 
of about 13%-14% when that market correction had taken place before it started rebounding 
again. We did not witness a dramatic reduction in our book and while the market moved back, 
we actually saw growth. So, I think there is a tendency for when market corrects sharply for the 
book to come down, but it is not in the same correlation as the market declines. It is much 
smoother in decline than actually the indices indicate. We find that the MTF customers are very 
valuable in terms of the revenue that they give. There is a very high level of stickiness as well. 
We also find that the MTF customer tends to typically have multiple product relationships, which 
is something that we really like. So, as our cost of funds has gone up, we have been passing on 
this in a judicious manner because the spike in the cost of funds has been fairly fast in the context 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
of interest rate hikes. We did not want to sort of mirror that kind of increase back to our 
customers. Approximately, 25-30% of our cost increase is what we have transmitted yet, 
probably all of it may not have been captured in the revenue numbers that you would have seen 
in this quarter because the large hike was done only I think 15 days or thereabout before the 
quarter ended, less than 15 days actually before the quarter ended, that impact you might not 
have seen in the quarter. So, we keep looking at opportunities to keep in a calibrated manner 
passing on the increase. We do not want to give it a complete shock because this is a valuable 
customer. So, that is how we are looking at the MTF business, we have 23% market share, I 
think it is a fairly decent market share to hold, we will be happy to hold that market share, it is 
certainly not very easy to grow from this number. The market itself, as volumes increase, as 
participation increases over time, I think should also start increasing, so that is how broadly we 
are thinking about our MTF strategy. I am just going to swing this call to Vishal, he may want 
to add a few more points. 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Yes, so I mean just to give some comfort on numbers, whether we are getting new to MTF 
customers still because last time around the same time, we had similar questions whether this 
book will continue to grow and whether there is a headroom for this book to grow, so the last 
year number of unique customers were traded. In the entire 12 months, we have done 20% more 
than that number by quarter 3 end and we have one quarter to go, so I think comfortably we will 
register growth in terms of unique customers, trading in MTF in this financial year. The second 
part is the seasonality of the MTF products, I will say, there are two benefits which comes out 
of MTF, one is in the form of interest and second is in the form of brokerage when the new 
positions are created and churn happens. In a muted period like this, in a consolidation phase or 
market is trending down as Vijay just said that the book doesn’t unwind in the same proportion, 
but the interest income continues to accrue. So, I mean these are two components, one, of course 
is the seasonal which will get impacted with the market condition, but the second part is the 
interest which continue to accrue even when the volumes in the markets are not too high. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
And Prayesh, moving to the second is, Harvinder here, so yes, as you rightly noted, the SIP flow 
has gone up, but the share is still lagging, cognizant of that what we are doing is that we are 
actually also strengthening the team over there and we have taken a couple of more initiatives 
to kind of get the SIP on a market share basis up to grow at a higher clip. The growth momentum 
is there; however, it is for this quarter was lower than the market growth. Also, what we have 
also been doing is that after the launch of the money market, there has been a lower ticket size 
volume which has also gone up. So, in terms of the number of folios, there we have seen increase, 
but yes on the flow basis, we have lost a bit of market share. We are kind of correcting that in 
terms of two initiatives, one, a bit of strengthening of the proposition over there, in terms of team 
and the way you we are engaging and secondly also by a low touch digital reach out plan that 
we have put together. So, these are the two initiatives and we are hopeful that we should start 
seeing incrementally the growth. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Harvinder, what was the reason for the fall? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Folios and the gross value the market share is up, the unit SIP count is down, we believe that is 
because I think more customers are still going on the low-ticket direct plans and we will be 
working on how to tackle them. We hope by next quarter we will be able to catch upon that 
market share. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just wanted to check, what was the reasons for the fall in the market shares? it has been for a 
year now that while the industry has really seen a lot of traction on the SIP book, but we first of 
all saw some decline in absolute terms on the forefront and then we are also losing market share, 
so what was the reason that you would ascribe this to? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Prayesh, if you look at the broader industry level, there is definitely a trend of tech-based lower 
ticket size direct plan as well. So, that have gained traction and that have contributed to a fair 
share of SIP volume, so the trend is that the ticket size could be lower, the volume of such folios 
is higher the number of customers are higher and the choice is more direct. So, that has been an 
industry trend which has led to a bit of a market share fall in our case, but these are the initiatives 
that we are putting in place to counter that, but primarily that would be one of the reasons. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just on the wealth business brand, like if I look at the yields they have been declining, 
sequentially they have declined for whole transaction and recurring assets, so what is the reason 
for that and how much of our assets are actually brokerage assets, basically the brokerage or the 
Demat account AUM that could be sitting there? 
Anupam Guha: 
So, from a yield perspective, if you see our recurring revenue yields have actually gone up. It is 
only on the transactional side that there has been a decline because the growth of AUM has been 
sharper than the growth in the revenue in the transactional assets. Now, just to also kind of 
elaborate of what all transactional assets would mean, transactional assets would largely mean 
Demat which is the equity broking asset, you will have fixed income or the bonds which are all 
transactional in nature and you will have any other products which typically does not give trade. 
So, currently, the transactional AUM is almost 85-86% of the overall book out of which I would 
say large part of it is the equity Demat because given that our customers are all first generation 
HNI, there is penchant, there is affinity for growth assets which typically in this case is equity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
My first question is on prime charges, so you mentioned that you had only moved a certain set 
of very valuable customers to the lifetime 999 plan, so are the 1.16 million customers you have 
in prime, could you just share how many have moved to, has this migration to the 999 for the 
valuable customer already taken place or is it yet happening, that is one? Within that the balance 
people they were being the 299, the 999, 1999, so do those still continue and if you could 
quantify roughly what is the share that is coming from this recurring portion and what is the 
nonrecurring portion? And third on the prime bit is that how do you expect to migrate the 
customer more towards prime because you have seen that number being constant for two 
quarters, so could you just clarify it? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
Vishal Gulechha: 
So, as far as prime customer, high value prime customer market share is concerned in the overall 
11.6 lakh subscribers, I would say about 30% customers are in our high value prime which are 
999 or above till 4999. As far as migration is concerned, I would say that these plans are available 
and we are aggressively marketing it also to the existing set of customers also. So, more or less, 
I would say that the customers with good awareness have already migrated to the Neo plans, 
however, the small portion of the customers in the existing 299 plan or in a traditional life secure 
plan will continue, but I would say that largely that phase is over where the exiting movement 
of customers from a lower value prime or a non-prime segment to prime happen. So, that period, 
almost aggressive period is over. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So, essentially the prime charges revenue are 70% of the 11.6 lakh customers which will keep 
giving us some recurring plus any new prime customer addition, is that understanding correct? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
The other thing is, Mr. Chandok if you could mention that we have been working on this Neo 
product for the more youth oriented which is similar to the discount offer, so how is that product 
and platform tracking and when do you expect to launch that? 
Vijay Chandok: 
I think the teams that are working on that, Ketan is the first to move that, he is driving that. That 
products proposition have come up pretty well, we have seen demos of this. We hope sometimes 
during the course of this calendar year, we will be doing a soft launch of it and then making a 
formal scale-up through a formal launch this year. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, this will be in the same brand or it will be a sub brand saying powered by ICICI or something 
to that extent or you hold it in the same other brand? 
Vijay Chandok: 
No, it is going to be a new brand with power by ICICI Direct kind of approach. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And Mr. Chandok, you mentioned in your opening remarks that you disbursed Rs. 1,000 crores 
of loans for this quarter, you mentioned this was higher than Rs. 1,000 crores you have done in 
which period? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Rs. 1,000 crores we did in the entire FY20 which we have done in this quarter. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir, could you also mention that the MTF book, your colleague mentioned that you have 
seen 20% more customers in this year in the MTF book, unique customers when you did last 
year, but is it being driven more by increase in number of customers or the value per borrowing 
has gone up? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
No, I am not talking about value, I am talking about unique customers trading in MTF, but that 
unique customers trading in MTF that number has gone up by 20% in comparison to the whole 
FY last year. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Is there also an increase in the book size that each of these customers is taking or is it broadly 
constant? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
No, the book size you see, today we stand at about 23% market share, so we have seen the 
percentage gain also in the book. Our interest is to have more number of customer than having… 
Vijay Chandok: 
I think your question is whether the book is concentrated or whether it is granular, the answer is 
that it is granular. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth and 
Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just a couple of questions from my side, first, have I got this correctly, derivative broking is 37% 
of your total broking revenue, so cash is still about 63%, right? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
That is correct Madhukar. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And one thing that was surprising is that the Neo clients are not growing, so I wanted some 
comment around given that our total active customer base right now is about 2.7 million 
customers, how many of them is really trade derivatives and is 0.28 million customers that are 
Neo customers, what percentage of the derivative trading customers have actually already taken 
neo, what is your expectation, how much would you grow or how much would you grow within 
the current customer basis? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, Madhukar, I will give you a sense. Today, the Neo adoption in terms of volume can be gaged 
from the fact of their contribution to the trading ADTOs. Today we have grown to about 65% to 
70% of our portfolio, now coming through Neo. If you go by the benchmark of let us say 
prime/prepaid, that was our first pricing proposition that we had launched about 3 years back. It 
took about 2 years and it has now stabilized at about 70% coming from that portfolio and 30% 
coming from non-prime portfolio. So, today the volumes have been 60% or 70% in Neo, so at 
best, 30% is left in the non-Neo customer base, it may travel the whole distance every quarter 
because we are seeing incremental adoption even now. This 65-70% was lower last quarter and 
so and so forth or may be there could be a few customers at the end of one or two quarters down 
the line which could continue in the non-Neo manner, so broadly about 70%. That is the mix 
today in terms of volume. 
Vishal Gulechha: 
So, even the prime proposition, it has been made for derivative status also. There are certain 
benefits which we give in prime and pre-paid are not given to Neo without charge whereas prime 
is a full package. If you take prime, then there are many benefits which you get along with the 
proposition. So, I mean, we have kept both the plans equally attractive and there are certain 
customers who will continue to love to be in prime and prepaid. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And prime and prepaid is about 66% of the revenue and derivatives is about 37% of the revenue, 
now this would Neo also form some part of the prime and prepaid, I am guessing it would, right? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, Neo, Madhukar is the plan for traders. Prime, prepaid are essentially targeted as investors 
for equity customers, so for an equity broking revenue perspective, prime is more relevant. It is 
possible that the customer may have a prime membership as well as for trading he is resorting 
to Neo, it is possible, but the prime revenue is primarily on equity and Neo. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
You don’t considered derivative revenue when you compute prime revenue, is it? 
Vijay Chandok: 
No, we do consider, I am just saying that the larger proportion of prime, it is centered around 
equity investors. It is quite possible that our customer is taking equity in prime, he is also taking 
derivative, continue to be in prime or he has opted for Neo which is even better. So, it is possible, 
but the main target of a prime customer is an equity investor, the main target of the Neo 
proposition is the trading customer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Couple of questions, so what percentage of your customers you are acquiring in Tier-2 and Tier-
3 cities are directly starting off with derivatives trading and what is the wallet size that is one 
and how has this panned out given that you are acquiring customers from Tier-2, Tier-3 cities in 
the last 12 months? So, that is one, second is around what was the tech spends for the quarter 
versus last quarter and what is the outlook on this front, have you done in the near to medium 
term in terms of tech spends on our app other than the spends which we are incurring on the Neo 
app which is about to get launched? 
Ketan Karkhanis: 
This is Ketan here, so on the tier acquisition happening from Tier-2 and Tier-3, I would say two 
thirds of acquisitions are happening from Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. Roughly, as the behavior of 
the equity customers are, I would say, most of the customers would start with cash equity as the 
first transaction. Over a period of time, we see customers getting into more riskier transactions 
including intraday equity and also derivatives, but the customers starting as derivative as their 
first transaction, we don’t really track it in that fashion, we will look at the customer’s progress 
over a period of time and roughly our experience is that roughly 10% of the equity traders move 
to derivatives over a period of time. 
Sahej Mittal: 
And on the tech spends? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, on the tech spends as such, this quarter we had a sequential growth of about Rs. 12 to Rs. 14 
crores. The overall quantum was about Rs. 30 crores in terms of operating expenses. Your other 
question was whether we are completely through with larger tech spends. No, there are some 
areas which we actually are going to invest in going forward as well. We suspect that it will be 
another 4 quarters at least and these are largely in the area of capital expenditure that is pertaining 
to some of the new data center migrations that we are doing owing to cloud and some of those 
initiatives which will give us agility and modernize our tech stack as well. So, we expect another 
3 to 4 quarters of higher CAPEX spends going forward. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sir, can you quantify these spends? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
We are looking in the range of about Rs. 100 odd crores in CAPEX. 
Sahej Mittal: 
This is for FY24? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, we have not put out exact numbers financial year wise, it is just directional. 
Sahej Mittal: 
And some color on the customer drop off, so also for the overall industry the drop offs have 
started in the last 3-4 months, so for I-Sec, what has been the case because the drop offs has been 
taking place in both the segment including I-Secure plan and Neo plan, so if you can share the 
details on the quality of these customers who are dropping off whether these were derivatives 
traders or investors and also whether these were ICICI Bank customers or non-ICICI bank 
customers, so just wanted to understand what was their AUM for I-Sec? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, let me just break down the answer in two parts, one is the industry specific issue which also 
obviously will impact us and second is something that we are consciously also trying to do. In 
the industry, we have seen that the activity level has come off. We had seen a lot of exuberance 
last year which saw a lot of retail customers come in, new retail customers. The markets were 
also quite supportive, conducive and that level of activity has definitely come off. There is a bit 
of sentiment as well. So, the industry as a whole, as you rightly pointed out, have seen a drop in 
activity level, the NSE activity if that were to be taken as a parameter, although as we have stated 
in the past, we don't look at that alone as a measure. That has come off, and it has been declining 
for the last two quarters. So, that definitely is one of the portions. So, the number of people and 
the amount of activity that they were doing last year in the kind of environment that was there 
last year are definitely lower. This is one phenomena. 
 
Secondly, as Vijay alluded to at the start of the call-in response to a question, that within our 
digital client base, there are multiple channels, and we are concentrating on channels which now 
with the experience of 6 quarters of acquiring customers are more prone to a longevity 
experience with us. That is what our focus is, we are muting consciously some of the channels 
which are not having a higher level of repeat transaction or investing activity. So, that is 
something that we have taken as a path, which is also impacting the level of active customers.  
 
So, broadly I will classify this into these two parameters. It is agnostic. The first parameter is it's 
agnostic to a channel. All across we have seen a bit of moderation in activity. However, these 
customers, the second initiative by definition link to more digital channel.  
 
You also spoke about Europe. My sense is I don't have the number on top of my head right now, 
but my sense is the numbers were -- the customers were dropping off, and they are not doing 
their second, third transaction and were transacting earlier would be more of younger customers 
newer to market and lower or maybe no AUM as well, because they would be the first transacting 
customers. That is what our sense is.  

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Our franchise both if you look at our wealth franchise in terms of AUM or the overall franchise 
in terms of AUM, they have consistently been registering growth in terms of assets over the last, 
if I remember correctly, last 7 to 8 quarters with more.  
Sahej Mittal: 
But were these derivative traders or I mean, cash investors who are turning inactive for you 
guys? 
Vijay Chandok: 
So, derivative traders in our platform have been showing sequential increase actually. So, as 
Ketan said, most of the people who join us start off on the cash side, and over a period of time, 
a percentage of them turn into F&O traders, because most of the people who are dropping off 
tend to be the, you know, the recently acquired, relatively less interested channel customers, 
which is what we have started muting, most of our dropouts are low/no AUM customers who 
have probably done one or two, you know, minor cash transactions. Derivatives, on the other 
hand, is continuing to show growing number. We are seeing every month the numbers increasing 
compared to the previous month. 
Sahej Mittal: 
So, the persistence for these derivative customers is quite high is what I understand. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Actually, I don't think we can conclude that yet. It is a combination of, you know, ability to 
increase the derivative customers at a higher pace than the attrition. I think one should look at it 
like that rather than to say that the persistency is high or low. I think we will wait to watch before 
we conclude that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Sir, could you just give us a break up of the insurance products which you have sold this quarter 
in terms of par, non-par protection, if it's possible?  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. Hi, Prateek. So, I don't have the exact numbers, but I will try to give you a sense. Roughly 
about 60 to 70% could be ULIPs. Of the remaining 30, it will be primarily non-par followed by 
a smaller par. The exact breakup of 30% maybe I can get back to you. 
Prateek Poddar: 
No, no, this is very helpful. Sir, secondly, just a clarification. Prime customers, what would be 
the renewal rates in the sense next year or the persistency of this renewal rate?  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, Prateek, I will just clarify one thing. As Vishal explained a while back, we have launched 
some of the plans which are Lifetime Prime plans. Today in our bouquet, we have two plans, 
which is a 299 and 900 plan, which are the only renewal plans which are there. In those plans, 
the renewal rates have been upwards of 85%.  
Prateek Poddar: 
And of the 66% which you called out, was Prime plus the prepaid ones, how much would be 
these lifetime customers, sir, over there? Is it possible? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Vishal Gulechha: 
So, the overall count which we have given, you know, that about 30% of our customers in the 
total Prime base are high value clients. And going by the activity level, I don't have the number 
right now, but I can say that, you know, definitely, the share of high value Prime customers or 
the Lifetime Prime customers would be higher and the ticket size would also be much higher.  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, our sense, Prateek, just to add is that of the Prime revenue, let's say, majority, more than the 
majority, 75 to 80% of the revenue would be coming from the higher ticket Prime customers. In 
terms of the number of subscribers, the concentration will be more towards the entry plan, 299 
plan. Number of customers skewed towards 299, the revenue skewed towards the higher end of 
the plan.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it. And how do you recognize the 999? Is it recognized upfront? Or you amortize it over 
four quarters? Or how is it? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Amortize over four. 
Prateek Poddar: 
Four quarters, okay. Sir, last two questions. 1.62% yield on the recurring part of the revenue on 
the wealth management outfit, which products are these, sir, if you may help us understand? 
Anupam Guha: 
So, these would be largely all trail giving products like trail from AIF, CAT-III, CAT-II, trail 
from PMS, trail from mutual funds, and from MTF, which is the Margin Trade Finance book.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it. And sir, we have our own PMS, right, which has done wonderfully well in terms of AUM, 
the data which we have disclosed. Is there a conflict of interest here? Or that's not applicable?  
Anupam Guha: 
No, not really, you know, because the way we have looked at this PMS is largely from growing 
our trail giving AUM only. And there are broadly two broad components the way we have 
envisaged in terms of growth of our PMS business. Currently also of the PMS book, we have 
almost 47% of our book which is through multi-asset, right, which is nothing but an asset 
allocation model where you are able to offer different kinds of products including direct mutual 
funds, ETFs etc., and you are able to charge the customer. And the second is given that we have 
a large book of direct stocks or a Demat book and lot of it is passive, you know, there are 
customers who are seeking active management and which is the other strategy. So, both are very 
integral to the entire wealth management business, and hence we do not see it as conflicting.  
 
Also, from a wealth management perspective, you know, when we go out to our clients, it's an 
open architecture model, which means that when we position, we have third-party PMSs as well, 
and while we haven't disclosed our AIF, PMS book, but it is large. And I would say that this 
number would be, you know, lesser than 10% are in-house in context of the overall thereabouts. 
Yes.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Got it. And could you talk about your average ticket size on the MTF book, sir? How much is it 
this quarter? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
MTF, so we have about 6,500 crores of the book, and the total number of customers would be 
of the order of about 80,000 to 90,000.  
Prateek Poddar: 
So, that is quite a high number, isn't it, sir? In the sense, this is not the industry average, right? 
Like Rs. 8 lakh of average ticket price per customer, is this within the industry norms or this is 
slightly higher? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Customers have open position as we speak, and the book size there Harvinder spoke, I mean, 
the funding size is about 6,500. So, we can calculate it back as per it.  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, it will be a bit higher, Prateek. That's correct. For our customers, the average book size would 
be higher. See, if you go by the total, I mean, the affluent base on whatever parameter you look 
at it, we do have a slightly higher asset, overall asset at 6 trillion, I mean, in terms of industry 
comparable even within wealth, I think we will be one of the largest. We are, and similarly on 
the MTF as well. So, we do have the ticket size which could be slightly higher. I mean, not 
everyone discloses the number of active customer. 
Vijay Chandok: 
So, I think it would be fair to say that we would have a higher, we have more affluent customers 
than other players who offer MTF.  
Prateek Poddar: 
So, it's a fair assumption of your customer mix which is driving this number.  
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. I think it's a fair conclusion to say that we are likely to be higher. I don't think any other 
player has got 6 lakh crore of assets though they don't disclose it, but your sort of comment may 
be reasonably correct.  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
And also, Prateek, if I may add to the comment that you made a conclusion that you do that it's 
a function of the customer base. I think I will just add to that by saying that see, this is also a 
proposition which helps us acquiring HNI customers. So, it is also relevant to get new to ISec 
customers because people value the ecosystem that we have created around this particular 
product, and by ecosystem what we mean is that you, first of all, have a very promising and 
competitive product on the strength of our balance sheet, credit rating etc.  
 
The second is that you supported actively by research which is customized or specific also to 
MTF. So, that's the second thing that we have started doing.  
 
Third, it's a very online risk managed product which also augurs well for scale. So, some of these 
things help us actually get new customers as well. So, we acquire new customers on the strength 
of this proposition.  
Prateek Poddar: 
And your net yield on this product is, sir, how much, if I may ask? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Sir, it hovers plus minus something from 3%. That's what we tried to kind of -- 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
Prateek Poddar: 
Quarterly, right? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Sorry. 
Prateek Poddar: 
3% quarterly, right? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
No, no, NIM is what I am talking about. Annual.  
Prateek Poddar: 
Annual. Okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Sonawane  from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Deepak Sonawane: 
Sir, earlier in your remark that you mentioned that we have seen incremental growth in the 
number of customers trading in F&O, right? And as of December, if we calculate that our NSE 
active client base, the percentage is around 31%, right? So, will it be safe to assume that are Neo 
plan customers will be having some kind of higher activation rate than as compared to the overall 
portfolio activation rate? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Sorry. I am not sure, Deepak, I followed. So, what you are saying is that we have seen growth 
in total number of derivative customers. Yes. That's correct. We have kind of also disclosed that 
in terms of normalized number. So, that is correct.  
Vijay Chandok:                    Can you just repeat your second part of the question? What was your question? 
Deepak Sonawane: 
My question is our entire portfolio is operating around 31% activation rate, right? So, do we see 
that, I mean, can you confer that the Neo customer base activation rate, I mean, those customers, 
the activation rate is slightly higher than, I mean, it would be upwards of 35% as compared to 
the overall 31%, right? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Normally, that would be correct, Deepak, that the activation rate within the Neo customer base 
because see, Neo is a proposition which are a trader or a customer is specifically opting for 
carrying out his trading activity. So, we do experience of the people who have looked at Neo. 
This is a higher activation rate. I can maybe come back to you with numbers. I don't have with 
the Neo activation rates right now.  
Deepak Sonawane: 
And if you can just give us color on the Prime customer activation data? So, the data at least? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, Prime, we have about 1.2 million customers, and yes, the rate over there would be very high 
actually, because they are very high indent customers. My sense is it will be upwards of 70% on 
this at least.  
Vijay Chandok: 
I just want to make one observation. I think this activation definition which we are following is 
a four quarter or a 12 trailing month definition. We find the number of customers by definition 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
become inactive, but they reactivate themselves, you know, when they have to trade. There are 
enough and more situations of reactivation. So, you know, to simply consign an inactive 
customer is dead and gone may not be a very correct representation. I just want you to keep that 
in the back of your mind.  
Deepak Sonawane: 
Thank you so much, sir. And my second question is regarding our employee expenses for the 
quarter. Are we seeing around 100 crore growth in employee expense on quarter-on-quarter basis 
in Q3? So, it will be kind of an aberration for a particular quarter or else that trend will be 
continued, I mean, even in next few quarters as well. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Sorry. Just to correct the numbers, Deepak, we are not seeing a 100 crore increase quarter-on-
quarter.  
Deepak Sonawane: 
No, degrowth. I am saying degrowth. Sorry. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. So, as we have highlighted over there, if you look at the exact numbers, the last quarter it 
was about 186 crores. This quarter it is about 176 crores, but there is a one off in that of about 
7.2 crores, which is revaluation of retirement benefits. So, if we normalize it, it is almost flattish. 
I mean, 186 to about 184.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citicorp. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Good evening. Just two questions from my side. First is on the mutual fund yields, if you can 
give some color on how the negotiations on fresh yields are shaping up for flows into existing 
schemes versus let's say how they were two to three quarters back obviously adjusted for the 
AUM size of any particular scheme? And also, in this regard if you can give the NFO, if you 
have done the NFO flows during the quarter? 
 
Second question is more from a cost perspective. You highlighted that you are sourcing strategy 
in a non-ICICI Bank or other channels. On the digital side, it has changed a bit towards acquiring 
customers with a higher lifetime value or higher overall revenues over a period of time. Now if 
my understanding is correct, this entails higher upfront acquisition cost and may be also higher 
retention cost. So, in this regard, can you give some color on the course trajectory of the company 
with regards to customer retention, more specifically?  
 
And last one data keeping question, if you can just give some color on how the incremental new 
business yields on the insurance side are shaping up given that now the expense of management 
guidelines have been kind of mentioned by the regulator? 
Vijay Chandok: 
So, we will go one by one. The first one is on the mutual fund I think that you had asked.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes.  

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, the mutual fund yields, so there were two questions in mutual fund. One is the mutual fund 
yields and whether we have seen or distributed any new NFOs for the quarter. So, I will take the 
first one. The yields have been relatively stable. They were slightly inched up, but they are stable 
at about between 60 to 65, 66 bps. That's the mutual fund yield that we are looking at. The 
growth in mutual fund AUM is the reason why the revenue has grown. For the new NFO question 
that you asked, I will just hand over the dais to my colleague, Kedar Deshpande. 
Kedar Deshpande: 
Yes. So, after SEBI had put a ban for the first quarter, after that last two quarters we have had a 
lot of NFOs and especially the NFOs which came in quarter 2, they have been supported because 
the market went up. So, this quarter NFOs are doing well. Even as we speak, there are two or 
three NFOs running of big entities. And NFOs do help us acquire a higher order AUM at a higher 
ticket size, and it effectively helps us in adding yields. You also asked the question on the 
insurance yields, that circular is yet to come. They have just noted an idea on revenue share 
metrics to change. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. It's in the conservation still, Dipanjan. It's not yet a circular. 
Kedar Deshpande : 
So, the circular that has come has allowed us now to go on 9 plus 9 plus 9 partners in general 
insurance, health insurance, and life insurance, but the revenue share, and that will be very 
helpful for us because we hope we will get incremental revenues coming with the realignment 
of commissions. 
Vijay Chandok: 
But none of that is actually reflected in the current quarter revenues. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Dipanjan, you also had a question on our digital strategy and related to that the cost of acquisition 
and cost of retaining customers.  
Vishal Gulechha:                       So, obviously, the efforts are towards acquiring a customer who is high on lifetime value and 
also consistently transacting and active. So, this cohort of customers also will have various sub-
cohorts I would say or sub-cohorts like there will be an app download campaign, which will be 
also acquiring customers. Some customers will be coming from Ad Word campaigns of Google, 
discovery campaigns of Google, and also organic client acquisition.  
 
So, obviously, the cost of acquisition of individually each of these channels are very different. 
Like organic customer would come at zero cost practically, and some customers would 
obviously come at a higher cost, but we look at the customer acquisition cost from the lifetime 
value that we get from the client. And if the lifetime value is high, the acquisition cost even if it 
is high, it is okay. There is no real problem with that.  
 
The second part of your question was where we spent high on the retention of these customers, 
if I am correct. So, I don't think there is any specific spend on retaining a customer. Once they 
are on the platform, largely, most of these digital customers are on their own. They transact on 
their own. Many do their own research and make their transactions, make their investment or 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
trading decisions. So, I don't think there is any cost involved specifically for digital customers 
on retention side.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one follow-up, if I may, on the first question?  
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. Go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
You mentioned on the NFO piece that it is a high ticket and yield accretive. So, just wanted to 
get a sense, are you able to lock in the NFO yields for a quantum of time, let's say two or three 
years? Or is it like it keeps on changing?  
Vishal Gulechha: 
The yields on NFO are same as investment in any other normal mutual fund scheme as well. 
And however, because NFO gets marketed well by the manufacturer, it helps us attract more 
clients to us, and people who apply in bulk come to us and apply. So, it helps us in the realization 
of higher order yields with these clients. But yields are the same for a NFO and for old schemes. 
There is no difference. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Dipanjan, in NFO or anywhere in mutual fund, the commissions or remuneration is completely 
trailing. So, there is no either any portion of upfronting or any portion of lock in. So, it's 
completely trail.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
I was just trying to understand if the quantum differential between NFO yields versus let's say 
yields in your existing schemes are significantly different, and hence it can be beneficial if your 
NFO flows are significantly higher over a period of time.  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. So, yield is not different, but Yes, the quantum could be different, and therefore the absolute 
revenue could be added. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in the presentation we have disclosed that the Prime 
contributes around 66% - 67% of the total retail revenue. So, if you want to know the same 
percentage for the Neo customer, how much they contribute to the total revenue because you 
said that the derivate contract, they contribute around 60% to 70% of ADTO. So, just if you 
want to quantify that number for the revenue that will be useful.  
 
And second, to extension of this question, out of the 0.25 million customers of Neo, what is the 
overlap in Prime customer or they are predominantly I-Secure customers? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, I will take the first question, Sanketh. This the revenue contribution would be roughly of 
Neo would be roughly about 28% within the derivative. As I said, Neo is a trading product. So, 
the denominator you cannot take the entire equity and cash base as well. Within the derivative 
portfolio, the revenue contribution is now about 30%. Volume contribution we have already 
discussed earlier roughly about 70%. That was the first question. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
The second question that you had was what is the common base between Prime and Neo? We 
would not have a lot of customers common, because as I was responding to a question earlier, 
Prime is more targeted at equity investor, and Neo for traders. But I can come back to you with 
the exact number, but my sense is it might not be more than 25 to 30%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And second question was that with respect to the wealth number of clients, which increased from 
71,000 to 76,000, so one would be because of the natural increase in 1 crore number. So, the 
organic growth which is by adding number of new customers which last quarter was 1,500 
people. So, that number in the current quarter would be what? 
Anupam Guha: 
Sorry. I didn't get the last part of the question.  
Sanketh Godha: 
See, I was saying that the growth in the number of people in the wealth has been from 71 to 
76,000. So, out of which the people who got added organically, which means they became a 
customer of I-Sec in the wealth, which I believe that number was 1,500 last quarter in second 
quarter FY '23. That number in the current quarter would be what? 
Anupam Guha: 
So, Sanketh, as I had explained earlier as well, the way we onboard a customer, there are two 
broad engines of onboarding. One is from deeper mining the existing client. And the second is 
from the acquisition of a new client. With the acquisition of a new client also, there are two parts 
to it. One is that the customer comes with a 1 crore plus check. Those customers are broadly 250 
of them in this quarter, but there are lot of other customers who may have got onboarded, but 
they do not come because the definition of an HNI customer is a customer who crosses 1 crore 
with I-Sec which means that we may have onboarded them, but they do not reflect in this 
number. And those clients with deeper mining gets upgraded in subsequent quarters. And these 
two companies really combine to make the growth from 7,100 to 7,500.  
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, Sanketh, if I may just paint the slightly larger term trend, it would be fair to say that in a 
year, in a financial year, we are able to acquire anywhere between 1,100 to 1,500 customers in 
one year who will start a new I-Sec relationship with more than 1 crore of starting value. 
Actually, the average is higher, but at least 1 crore. So, that's roughly about 1,000 to 1,500. And 
on a quarterly basis, there will be roughly about 2,500 customers who have kept on getting 
upgraded. So, broadly the run rate is what Anupam was saying in an earlier question as well 
about 10,000 to 11,000 odd customers through let's say what we call investment going up or 
upgrade or internal moving and about 1,000 to 1,500 from new to I-Sec customers. I hope that 
clarifies your question 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. Perfect. This answers the question. And Harvinder, one small data keeping question. So, if 
I want to ask you the NIM what you made in FY '22 and second quarter FY '23, and what you 
are making today in MTF book, if you can means I just wanted to see how much compression it 
has happened, and by what time you expect that to recover in subsequent quarters? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. So, Sanketh, exact numbers we have not put out, but I will give you a directional sense. We 
try to get around 3% NIM. Today we would be slightly lower than that. A year back we would 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
be about 100 bps higher than that. Of the compression, we have had cost increases or the 
borrowing cost increases of roughly about 150 to 200 basis points. And we have been able to 
kind of pass on roughly about 30% to 40% of that, and the remaining is, you know, as Vijay said 
earlier also in a calibrated manner we are looking at taking actions to pass this on. 
Sanketh Godha: 
The reason why I am asking this question, Harvinder, is that given our ticket size is little higher 
in MTF, so how sensitive these customers are to absolute interest rate what you charge? I believe 
that the number today calculated is 9.6. So, suppose if you want to increase it to 10, 10.5 to 
improve your NIM, whether the growth in the MTF book would take a backseat or not? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. I got your question. I got your question, Sanketh. So, just to give you that sense in the last 
two quarters, we have taken five corrective actions on NIM. Each corrective action has been at 
least a 15 to 20 bps corrective action. That's what we have tried to do. The book has held. It's a 
very conscious part of our monitoring strategy. Vijay elaborately explained that. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Sanketh, more than the amount, it is a shock factor. You know, you try and do it in one jerk. 
You will probably get a adverse reaction, but doing it in a more gradient manner that we have 
done, we have seen book actually not only hold, but actually steadily increase. Conscious is that 
you cannot do a transmission of a back-to-back mirror shock.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect. Got it. This answers my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments.  
Vijay Chandok: 
Thank you very much for a very active participation. Really appreciate all your questions. While 
some of you asked questions, I think there were some data points which we said that we will, 
you know, probably give you an indicator of an approximate response to it. We will circle back 
separately through our IR team and you know, give you a very specific responses to that. If there 
are any specific questions that you may have as an afterthought, please feel free. We will love 
to engage with you, love to spend time with you, and respond to whatever questions you may 
have. Really, really appreciate all the support you have been giving us. Thank you very much, 
and good night.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
