 
 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
To,
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543451  
 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: AGSTRA 
 
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call held on February 8, 2023 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed, the transcript of Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call held on February 8, 2023.  
 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.agsindia.com 
 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Sneha Kadam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Mem No: ACS 31215) 
 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
 
SNEHA 
PRABHAKA
R KADAM
Digitally signed by 
SNEHA PRABHAKAR 
KADAM 
Date: 2023.02.14 
23:38:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 08, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 8th February 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI GOYAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH LAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. STANLEY JOHNSON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VINAYAK GOYAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – AGS 
TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH SHETTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SUBSIDIARY, SECUREVALUE INDIA 
 
 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to AGS Transact Technologies Limited Q3 FY 
’23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Goyal, Chairman and Managing Director; AGS 
Transact Technologies Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Goyal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for Q3 FY ’23. On this call, 
I’m joined by our; CFO, Mr. Saurabh Lal; our Executive Directors, Mr. Stanley Johnson, Mr. 
Vinayak Goyal and Managing Director of our Subsidiary, Securevalue India, Mr. Shailesh 
Shetty.  
Our overall performance for the quarter gone by has seen marginal growth in terms of topline 
on a sequential basis. Having said that, our core businesses, that is ATM outsourcing and cash 
management delivered a consistent performance. In the third quarter, we serviced more than 
479,870 customer touchpoints across 2,200 cities and towns in India.  
We provided cash management services to 43,200 ATM through our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Securevalue India Limited, which has a network of approximately 2,500 cash vans across 
1,800 cities and towns and about 476 vaults and spoke locations. Also, Securevalue has 
serviced approximately 2,700 pickups and doorstep banking points during the same quarter.  
As of December 31, 2022, we had installed, maintained or managed a network of 
approximately 73,719 ATMs and CRMs on a pan-India basis. Our CRM network has 
expanded from 4,072 to 5,071 in the last nine months.  
The RFPs  floated by banks indicate an order book for 17,000 ATMs and CRMs in the current 
fiscal year. Overall, these orders for new ATMs/CRM amount to approximately 6.5% of the 
existing total installed base in the country and more demand is expected to flow. Being one of 
the leaders in this industry, we are close to finalizing a couple of large order wins, including a 
large order for 8,000 ATMs and CRMs under managed service portfolio for two leading banks. 
These two orders will start coming on stream from the next quarter onwards and will be rolled 
out over the next 12 months. 
On the macro front, positive regulatory guidelines, such as the inauguration of DBUs and 
increase in interchange rate are paving the way for growth in our topline. Additionally, the 
value of the currency in circulation stood at INR 31.3 lakh crores as of January 23, according 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
to RBI data as compared to INR 17.7 lakh crores worth of notes in circulation pre-
demonetization.  
This increase, coupled with the formalization of Indian economy led by the government of 
India’s continued commitment towards boosting the digital infrastructure will collectively 
propel the growth of overall payment ecosystem.  
Now, I would like to highlight a couple of points from the Union Budget that are pertinent to 
us. As reaffirmed by the Honorable Finance Minister in her budget speech, the economy has 
become a lot more formalized with INR 7,400 crores digital payments made in 2022. Our 
industry will get a boost from various financial inclusion initiatives like cash transfer of INR 
2.2 lakh crores to over11.4 crores farmers under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi.  
Opening of the INR 47 crores PM Jan Dhan bank accounts, setting up of Payment 
Infrastructure Development Fund through which the RBI has incentivized the deployment of 
POS infrastructure, physical and digital modes in Tier 3 to Tier 6 cities and other under-served 
areas of the country.  
Also, in the recent notification of MEITY, the government has reintroduced incentivization to 
the acquiring banks by way of paying a percentage of value of RuPay debit card transactions 
and low-value BHIM-UPI transactions for financial year 2022-23. This incentive scheme will 
promote digital payments by incentivizing banks to build a robust digital payment ecosystem 
across all sectors and segments of population.  
Further, this scheme will provide financial incentive to acquiring banks and acquirers for 
promoting point-of-sale and e-commerce transactions using RuPay debit cards and UPI and 
person-to-merchant transactions of low value.  
Further, the inauguration of 75 Digital Banking Units that is DBUs and the growing preference 
for e-Lobbies is set to give an impetus to digital banking. These initiatives will benefit us in 
the following way:  
 
CRM offers better economics for payment players like AGS in comparison to the 
ATMs or cash dispensing machines and also result in overall high-cost savings for 
banks 
 
 The idea of DBU is to mimic a bank branch, while minimizing the cost and 
providing customers 24/7 access through digital banking services. Together, this will 
aid the growth of our ATM outsourcing and cash management businesses.  
On the digital side, we are leveraging the growing digital adoption in the country by rolling out 
POS devices, especially at OMCs’ fuel retail outlets. As on December 31, 2022, we have 
installed 2,46,427 merchant POS terminals across the country, which includes approximately 
51,977 POS terminals across leading OMC fuel retail outlets. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
On the issuance side, we are currently pilot testing, the open-loop Ongo prepaid card solution 
for fueling across fuel retail outlets of a leading OMC. And we look forward to replicate our 
open-loop co-branded prepaid cards on our PPI license with other clients as well. These 
initiatives will add to our already growing revenue stream for the digital payment business.  
Having said this, we will continue to remain focused on creating one of the largest omni-
channel payment platform by providing innovative digital and cash payment solutions to our 
clients across sectors.  
The performance for this quarter and nine-month period was relatively soft going to changes in 
our revenue mix that is for nine-months FY ’23, our adjusted EBITDA witnessed at INR 3,676 
million, saw a marginal 1% uptick. However, our margin of 28% was almost 2% higher.  
Talking about performance in terms of sales mix during nine-months FY ’23, the ATM 
outsourcing business, which works on a transaction and a fixed fee basis contributed 
approximately 48% of our quarterly revenue from operations, another 14% of operations came 
from AMC services and upgrades. Our cash management subsidiary Securevalue, which serves 
a mix of captive and non-captive ATMs, contributed 15% of the revenue from operations. 
During the period, our service revenue is back to 94%, a depiction of our changed revenue 
mix. The income from these services is recurrent in nature and supported by long-term 
contracts.  
We have further strengthened our overall expense management processes, which include 
optimization of manpower across business verticals. This has already resulted into substantial 
cost savings for the company in FY ’23 and its further effect will be realized completely in FY 
’24 onwards. 
Now, I would request my colleague, Saurabh Lal, CFO of AGS Transact Technologies to share 
the financial highlights of Q3 and nine months FY ’23. Saurabh, over to you. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Thank you. Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me now take you through the performance of 
quarter 3 FY ’23. In the quarter, which has gone by, the total income of the group stood at INR 
4,248 million, versus INR 4,930 million for quarter three FY ’22. This was largely due to the 
delayed order execution under our other automation solution businesses. Talking about the 
EBITDA number, the adjusted EBITDA of the group for quarter three FY ’23 stood at INR 
1,171 million as against the INR 1,329 million in quarter three FY ’22. However, our margin 
of 27.6% was 60 bps higher than the last quarter, the quarter-on-quarter.  
We have made certain adjustments to the EBITDA towards a certain one-off and non-cash 
item, including ESOP expense of INR 14 million, impairment loss on trade receivables for 
INR 50 million, forex loss due to devaluation of currency of our one of the foreign subsidiary 
Sri Lanka which is INR 5 million. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
We saw a reduction of 43% in our finance cost, which stood at INR 349 million in quarter 
three of FY 2023. Updating on our segmental performance for the quarter, our payment 
solutions contributed 81% of our revenue in quarter three FY 2023.  
In this segment, revenue from cash business accounting for 62% of our total revenue from 
operations, which covers ATM and CRM outsourcing and managed services and cash 
management business. This growth is largely driven by expansion in our cash management 
network also.  
Digital solutions, which contribute 19% of total revenue from operations. This includes 
revenue from POS acquiring machines, switching and other transaction processing services. 
Our banking automation solutions comprising sale of ATMs, CRM and other currency 
technologies products, and self-service terminal and the latest services and other upgrades, this 
segment contributed 11% of our revenue from operations. 
The other Automation Solutions business segment, which encompasses the sale of machines 
and related services to the customers in retail, petroleum and colour segment. This segment 
contributed 8% of our total revenue from operations.  
Coming to the nine-month numbers on some of the similar parameters - the total income for 
nine months stood at INR 12,726 million. The adjusted EBITDA for the nine months stood at 
INR 3,676 million, and the PAT for the nine months stood at INR 523 million. On our balance 
sheet front, the company’s consolidated net debt stood at INR 7,000 million as on December 
31, 2022. 
With this, we conclude our presentation, and we  open the floor for further discussions. Thank 
you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is on your comment that you made in terms of the deal wins. So you 
mentioned about 8,000 new additions in terms of ATMs that is going to accrue over the next 
12 months. So these two wins as additional wins that we announced last quarter or this is the 
same deal that we’re talking about?  
And also in terms -- same on the interchange rate increase. So has there been an interchange 
rate increase after what we have seen last year? Or I want clarity on that. And also as these 
contracts are mostly like, kind of, PSU led contracts, and we earlier said that we are focusing 
on improving our working capital. So do you think that moving to more managed services 
PSU contracts, it will actually elongate our working capital requirement? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, thank you, Amit. I’ll take one by one, three questions with you. On the specific point on 
these 8,000 ATMs, I think Amit, this is in continuation to what we have updated the investor 
community and the other analysts in the last call that these are the 8,000 ATMs, which is going 
to come in our portfolio under managed services. So those contracts at that point of time were 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
at the very initial stage, I would say that was at a nascent stage because the contracts and other 
things that’s getting executed.  
Now the contract has been executed. It has been awarded to us and now these two contracts are 
under the takeover stage where we are taking over this contract from the bank. So we have 
mentioned in our statement that we will take another 12 months to close this contract. But I 
think as per the current run rate at which we are adding this to our portfolio.  
And secondly, Amit, it’s a managed service contracts, so there is no capex required from the 
company side on this. So the takeover is just from existing running contract of the banks or 
existing running ATM of the bank to us as one of the new MSP for this contract. So takeover 
will be much, much faster than what we anticipated at this point of time.  
Since as rightly said, it’s dealing with the bank and their other existing partners who have to 
hand over the ATMs sometimes hand over and other activities take time more than what we 
expected. Having said that, I would say, since these contracts have managed service contracts, 
there is no capital requirement from the tax front on this. The only capital that will be required 
on this contract to be done on a day-to-day basis is the working capital on the account of 
various costs, which we spend to run those operations.  
But I think those will -- if you see on the overall bottom line additions or the additional 
revenue that we go, I think it will be a healthy composition for us to have a major mix where 
there will be a very, very less capital employed on these contracts. There will be a large 
number of ATM will be that added to our portfolio. It is a good chunk of revenue which will 
get accrued on a monthly basis. 
And since this will not I would say, increase the capital, I would say, capital employed because 
of no capex, I think the return ratios on the capital employed will be better. Yes, there will be a 
marginal, I would say, increase in the working capital point to the nature of the contract or the 
nature of services which on an overall basis, definitely, we are trying to correct it with all other 
customers also including the PSUs bank. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
So sir, in terms of the… 
Saurabh Lal: 
One on the interchange rate. I think what we’re trying to update to everyone, including Amit 
you and other community in the market is that from an interchange rate, from a banking side, 
there has not been any change right now from an interchange point of view. But yes, there 
have been a couple of incentives, which has been rolled out by MeitY other regulatory 
agencies to promote the digital payments.  
So like as you said, the MeitY re-incentivizations on RuPay card and the UPI transactions have 
been reintroduced and it is effective 1st April 2022 now. So that change has come, which will 
definitely add revenue to both us as acquirer and the issuer and definitely support the market to 
grow the digital network. Otherwise, from the ATM side, there has not been any change from 
the interchange per as such. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Amit Chandra: 
On the transaction side, the transaction with ATM. So how those incidents performing? 
Because at an aggregate level, the transaction per ATM seems to be stagnant at around 80-85 
levels, it is not increasing, right? So any update on that front? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So Amit, I agree with you the transaction front on the ATM network has been stagnant or you 
can say it stabilized over a period of time. It has not yet across the pre-COVID levels. But 
having said that, if you see over a period of time, that is how we are also trying to change the 
mix of our revenues, not only depending on the transaction previous revenue, but getting into a 
more new contract like these two contracts, which is again a fixed fee contract to us, they will 
be from the transaction ups and down. 
Second, we are also focusing on slowly and slowly and increasing our CRM base, which is, 
again, mostly working on the transaction front -- on the fixed fee and plus wherever there is a 
transaction fee coming on those CRMs, this is giving us additional revenue in the form of 
getting a revenue from the withdrawal of the transaction also and the deposit of the 
transactions also. 
And over a period of time, which we discussed in the past also, I think with respect of 
implementation of cassette swap, MHA guidelines, those are the additional forms of revenues, 
which is helping us and accruing on those the same ATM networks that we are running either 
before COVID or before demonetization. 
So those are the comforting factor for us with respect to the -- I would say, compensating 
factor for us in case the transactions are still not coming at the pre-COVID level or hovering 
around the number of 88 and 90, so that we should not incur more loss on those fronts. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. As of these 8,000 ATMs that you mentioned, we also have the cash management for 
them -- that’s included in the managed services contract or that is separate? 
Saurabh Lal: 
No. So it will have a cash management component also, Amit. So contracts comes to the AGS 
as a managed service provider. This includes various services, including maintenance of 
ATMs, maintenance of sites, maintenance of AMCs, maintenance of up-keep cash and other 
things. So cash management is a primary responsibility of AGS. And then subsequently, AGS 
is authorized under the contract to subcontract those activities to the authorized people who 
certify or qualifies to be the cash movement company. And that is how it will go to 
Securevalue. Not all of the ATM will have the cash-movement services. There is a certain 
proportion of ATM will have a cash movement, but that will be a large chunk of revenue from 
additional revenue coming to Securevalue also. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of our digital payment business. So, I know -- there has been an 
increase in the total transactions at an aggregate level. But at an EBITDA level, what has been 
the performance of the digital business. So, are we still a profitable there? Or we are still a 
breakeven 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Saurabh Lal: 
So definitely, if you see the KPIs, Amit, there has been definitely a considerable increase in the 
GTV turnover. The turnover from the both -- from the POS transactions from the non-OMC 
POS transaction has been – there has been considerable change. So automatically, any increase 
in GTV automatically flows down as a percentage of revenue in our P&L also. And since these 
are the variable revenues, any increase in the variable revenue also goes down to the bottom 
line. 
Secondly, as I just mentioned, that there has been an introduction of the Meity  incentive 
which has been reintroduced by the Government of India. This has also contributed as to 
additional revenue and to the bottomline of the company. So all these factors put together has 
definitely helped us to have an increment revenue of ITSL - vis-a-vis quarter three and quarter 
two. 
So if you see on the number front, -- there is an increment of approximately 90 million in the 
revenue of ITSL of quarter 1 and versus quarter 2 on a stand-alone basis, which was INR44 
crores earlier it has moved to INR44 crores. And similarly, it has a considerable improvement 
on the bottom line. There is a significant impact on the EBITDA vis-a-vis quarter-on-quarter 
of ITSL and which has flown down to the bottomline also. And on a PBT basis also, ITSL has 
become positive because of all the development of increase in GTV and the incentivization 
rollout by the Government of India. 
Amit Chandra: 
And in your OMC business, don’t you think this UPI of -- and of be UPI gaining traction. A lot 
of payments there are being directed to the UPI channel. So the usage of cards has – or the PoS 
terminals is like declining at OMCs at an aggregate level. So do you think that is a bigger risk? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So Amit, if you see the contract that has come from OMC, the contracts has a very, very.. they 
are basically ITPS-based contract, which is Integrated Terminal Payment Solutions. So all the 
merchants has been advised to use only ITPS terminal at their POS machines. 
So what does it actually mean, Amit is that, if we are one of the partners for that retail outlet 
with that OMC, it will be our terminal where all the acquiring transaction will terminate. So if 
the acquiring transaction happens through the UPI mode or happens through a Visa or 
MasterCard or for any other RuPay Card. So for Master and Visa, the interchange rate for 
debit card and credit cards are very clear. This is already – already working on it. With this 
RuPay cards or UPI transactions happening on those retail outlets, if the transaction is 
terminated or getting concluded on our acquiring terminal, we will get this Meity incentive. 
But in case those transactions are not routed through our platform or our client terminal 
definitely will. So if you see from the intent of Government of India or from the intent of oil 
marketing company, they want that the OMC retail outlet will only have an Integrated 
Terminal Payment Solution, which will be owned by or run or managed by players like us or 
some other players. So if this becomes holistically get deployed or get, I would say, 
communicated to them. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
So, we don’t see any risk of losing the transactions on specifically either on the RuPay front or 
UPI front, because if we become the only aggregator or only acquirer to conclude the 
transactions we will get the incentive. Is that definitely incentives will be – and there will be 
different, if it’s the Visa transaction and it is a RuPay transaction. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. One last question. So, on an aggregate level nine months to nine months, if I see, we 
have an almost flattish by the top line. So, one of with these new additional contracts coming 
in, so what kind of growth - we can see for FY 24 on top line? And also in terms of our debt, 
how you are seeing our debt moving because the incremental contracts that we’re getting is 
mostly the non-capex side. So, can we see some reduction in debt for the next year? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, Amit, I’ll take the debt part first. So on the debt side definitely as we see more and more 
non-capex based contract will get guided. So definitely, it will not put pressure on us to have 
more and more capital base debt to secure this deployment plan and everything. But yes, there 
will be keep on requirement on working capital side with respect to the incremental revenue 
getting added as a business model as we work, there is a working capital cycle that will take 
time. 
But having said that, since there – these are more of the fixed fee contracts that are getting 
added in our portfolio, the reconciliation process and other approval process are much, much I 
would say simpler than the transaction fee-based contract, but the confirmations usually take 
much larger time than this. 
But having said that, if you continue with the same policy that we’ll have more of the non-
capex and the non-MDR capex – sorry, non-MDR not saying – managed service capex and 
everything, managed service contracts. So definitely requirement of capex will be lower and 
the debt will ultimately get reducing because we have a confirmed repayment plan of the term 
debt. And if you see the split of the debt of the company, term debt and working capital debt, I 
think the large portion of the debt is our term debt, which will have a secured repayment plan 
for next one year. And with the current EBITDA level and the cash flow, I think, will be – it 
will be sufficient for us to repay this debt and not to re-leverage ourselves unless until we need 
some debt for a reason, which can be a working capital requirement. 
And now coming to your first question, Amit, it will be difficult for me to -- or even Ravi also 
to give you any guidance on FY 24. But having said, I think, our commentary covers that, 
there are large wins, and the large wins definitely will have additional revenues. And as we 
said always that, our revenues are always a service-based revenue, which is more than 90%, 
are recurring in nature. So it gives confidence to us also and show to you also that we have a 
continuous recurring revenue, which is very much predictable even for future guidance 
perspective also. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Thank you. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Newberry Capitals. 
Kindly, proceed. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. First, just a clarification. The 8,000 ATMs, which would be -- 
we would be having, this whole contract is coming to us, is that 8,000 ATMs. Is that correct 
understanding on managed services business? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So we are getting this 8,000 ATMs contract with us. Yes, so the numbers that we are 
representing in this commentary is the ATMs which are getting added to in our portfolio. The 
bank will have more ATMs. There will be multiple partners who will be handling these ATMs, 
but definitely 8,000 ATMs are adding in our portfolio of existing ATMs. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Okay. Understood that. And second point about the cassette swap. What’s the deadline for this 
cassette swap? I think it was delayed by one year last week last year, right? 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Avadhooot, we have Stanley with us. 
Stanley Johnson: 
So the way cassette swap is going on across, the regulator has still -- to firm on the 31st March 
deadline, but there is talks with the regulator going across to do some part of it for another six 
months getting extended. But as of now, the regulator has said that 31st March is the hard 
deadline. This is as of last week, which the regulator has confirmed that 31st March. They 
have called all the banks and asking in for data and standing firm on the 31st March 
completion date for all the machines. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Okay. This cassette swap will have impact on our employee cost as well, whether we will see 
reduction in over there, because of the operations were getting easier because of the cassette 
swap. Is that understanding correct? 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Avdhoot it will definitely -- Saurabh this side now. 
Avadhoot Joshi:  
Yes. 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
So it will definitely help us to automate a lot of processes because -- 
Avadhoot Joshi:  
Correct. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Bank has said is that, definitely cassette swap is a regulatory requirement. But as you know, 
bank has already outsourced complete end-to-end operations of the ATM to player like us. So 
even though when the moment bank says, we have to implement the cassette swap, banks are 
totally taking -- or, I would say, asking MSPs like us to take the full responsibilities of this 
cassette swap management. So what bank will -- bank says, we’ll continue with the same 
process of handling the cash to you through their currency chest. You take that cash to your 
vault and locations. You please fill up the cassettes, fill the cassette, load the cassette as per the 
indent and bring back the old cassette, reopen the cassette, recount the cash and do the 
complete reconciliation. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
So as a process, this will be a complete end-to-end process getting transferred to players like 
us, MSPs and the cash management company like Securevalue. That is why they are going to 
give us additional compensation for this. So on an overall basis, this complete end-to-end 
process, revenues and everything will definitely have a very good healthy bottomline for us. 
But it will not directly de-link the requirement of manpower, but I would say that it will be 
other way around to handle this end-to-end process, we may need more people to handle that 
process. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Okay. Understood. Just last question, the employee cost reduction, in the initial remarks Ravi 
sir mentioned about employee cost has substantially reduced. So on the -- how do we look at it 
going further, whether it will remain at this level or on the revenue, whereas, now and we have 
new contracts, on the revenue percentage-wise, whether it will go up going further, what’s the 
sense on that that I would like to know? Thank you. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Avadhoot as Ravi has definitely mentioned that there is a substantial optimization of 
manpower with respect to various businesses that we do. Now I think this is where, I would 
say, the operational efficiencies are coming up. The metrics are getting covered up. And since 
the operations, whether it’s outsourcing business or whether it’s a cash business, so all these 
efficiencies will definitely kick in to us. So we believe that with the new addition of ATMs, 
since these are all the managed services ATMs or even it’s a capex ATM. These operations are 
working on an automatic mode where -- and if we keep on adding those ATMs, we will keep 
on sharing those loads because of the automation that we have. 
So we believe the current run rate at, which we are working on, it will be a right run rate for 
us. And so any incremental revenue in the form of ATM getting added to us, or in case of any 
contract coming from our other payments business segment like Banking Automation 
Solutions, Other Automation Solutions or any other segment will not have a culmination or, I 
would say, direct impact on our manpower. I think plan is to continue with the same run rate 
and continue to show those – that those actualized savings over period of time and onwards 
also. 
But having said that, there are a few businesses like Securevalue, which is a purely manpower 
driven business, where the cost of manpower will keep on increasing as we increase the 
number of revenue points over there. So the mix may not match the same way. But on overall 
basis, I think the plan for the management and whatever discussion we had with our Board and 
even with Ravi and other businesses, I think the current run rate will be built with the ideal run 
rate to plan it for one year at least. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Kindly proceed. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you very much sir for the opportunity. Sir, I just want to understand first on 
the revenue growth part. I mean last two, three quarters, I think we are seeing revenue 
degrowth in the range of about maybe 13%, 14% on a Y-o-Y basis. And if I have to look some 
of the peers, they are consistently growing at 20% plus. So just wanted to understand, is there 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
anything that our peers might be doing differently that we are not doing. So, some light on that 
would be quite helpful? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So thanks Deepak. Deepak, if you see the revenue mix of the company over a period of time, 
whether it’s Y-on-Y over period of last, I would say, couple of years, the revenue mix of AGS 
have even though on a total overall basis, the turnover has not grown very rapidly, or day on 
basis on quarter-on-quarter, it has sometimes shown the marginal degrowth also.  
It’s mostly because of the revenue mix that we have. So most of the revenues over the period 
of time is getting into a more of service based business, which means service and recurring 
revenues. And whatever is the reductions or major reduction, which we have seen either on a 
Y-on-Y basis or I would say, year-on-year basis also is primarily because of reduction in the 
product sales from us. 
We used to have around 70% of revenue, which used to be service revenue. Now we have 
already crossed 90% plus on service revenue. And if you really see on specifically on nine 
months and nine-month basis, you will see our Other Automation Solution business, which 
was primarily a product-based business has actually got delayed in the execution, which is 
again because of the product delivery again, otherwise, on a service revenue basis, other 
revenue basis, I think we’ve been consistent, and we will do -- without having said that, it’s 
not that we are not degrown was the composition of revenues has changed growing. 
But primarily, the Y-o-Y degrowth on the front of the product mix or I would say, product 
sales, which has been delayed because of the product execution or I would say, the focus of the 
company is to get more and more recurring service revenue on a long-term basis. And as we 
keep on moving on the service-based revenues, which help us to predict the revenues also and 
it helps us to have a long-term visibility of those revenue, which again, help us to get the right 
EBITDA margin numbers also. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And also is there any change in strategy we see going forward to come back to the growth that 
ideally the company like us should see actually, because it’s a quite a good market to be in, 
right? I mean we have a lot of scope for growth. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Absolutely, Deepak that is what the strategy is all about. That is what we just covered in our 
commentary, we also that this 8,000 ATMs come in our portfolio, which will be a non-capex 
based addition to our portfolio, which will give us the, I would say, will become one of the 
largest player again in the market from the deployment perspective, from the market size 
perspective.  
And this large size of ATM portfolio adding to ourselves will definitely help us to leverage our 
existing network of people, network of strategy, network of infrastructure and everything in 
which will, again, automatically help us to build up the bottomline.  
So I would say strategy is definitely on the two, three fronts. One is to be definitely continue 
with the ATM outsourcing business and continue with the CRM deployment, keep a right mix 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
of fixed and transaction fee-based revenue, continue to focus on cassette swap business to 
make it cassette swap supply, because it will immediately help not only AGS, but our 
subsidiary secure value. 
Third is to get into more and more acquiring site businesses and digital businesses, again, on 
the OMC side and on the issuance side also that like Ravi also covered where at the pilot stage 
where we are trying to implement the Ongo strategy on the issuance side for the fueling. And 
also, we have got an agreement with one of the largest FMGC conglomerate to launch the co-
branded prepaid cards also. So I think the strategy is largely focused on digital payments also 
and cash payment also and largely linked to all these services revenue, which is a long-term 
basis. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But I understand about the strategy part, but now with the lower base, I mean, these last two 
quarters, we have seen a degrowth. So, on a lower base, at least what sort of growth one can 
expect next year? Because I think if you see last four, five years, our revenue has been in the 
range of INR 1,700 crores to INR 1,800 crores, right? That is the range that we have been 
hovering around? 
Saurabh Lal: 
I agree with you, Deepak, this will be difficult for us to give you any comfortable number or, I 
would say, committed number on this one. But yes, as a strategy, as I said, that is revenue with 
the new portfolio adding to us, we’ll definitely have an incremental delta revenue coming to 
our portfolio, whether it’s for 8,000 ATMs, whether it’s for Meity incentives getting released 
by RBI because of this RuPay cards and everything.  
Cassette swap getting implemented in the next one year. And as Stanley has said, as per 
regulatory, it has to be concluded by March ’23. And these are all long-term recurring 
revenues. So I think from next year onwards or from this year onward, I think as you rightly 
said, we have a base of lower number. It will definitely add to a good growth probability for 
the next year. 
Deepak Poddar:  
And this new delta revenue will start accruing from what April? 
Saurabh Lal: 
No. So, some revenue will start coming in quarter four itself as we keep on takeover and as 
Ravi mentioned, the takeover out as a time line for 12 months. But I think from the current 
pace at which we will be, I think, maybe it will get takeover done by a much, much faster pace. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And my last query is on your, we said in the last call that this FY 2023 will achieve highest 
ever PAT in FY 2023, right? So is there any change to that statement that we have made in the 
last quarter? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Deepak so far, I think, I also covered in my commentary that we have achieved the total PAT 
of INR 535 million on a nine-month basis. So, with the run rate of contracts with the current 
run rate, I think we will still continue to hold that statement. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Ravi B Goyal: 
We will continue to hold, because I think in FY 2020, we achieved about INR 83 crores of 
PAT, right? So ideally, that leaves us for INR 30 crores of PAT in the fourth quarter 2020’s 
PAT. 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
I agree with that. Yeah. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Raaj: 
 
 
Thank you, but everything is answered. Thanks. 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Achal Lohade: 
In the opening comments, you did mention about the cost-saving initiatives, so can you 
elaborate a little bit on that, as to what is the extent of cost savings? And how much have we 
achieved? And any targets you have in for FY 2024? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So Achal, as Ravi has mentioned that we have optimized our cost vis-à-vis revenues and 
everything, as we’ve been consistently also updating everyone exactly our revenue is largely 
into the recurring revenue or service-based revenues which will keep on either stabilizing or 
keep on increasing. And with the help of this getting automated over period of time, 
stabilization a period of time, I think it has helped us to automate a lot of processes internally, 
it helps us to rationalize our cost internally it help us to help us to optimize our cost internally. 
So, if you see on the manpower front, Y-o-Y basis, you will be able to see significant 
reduction in our cost of two main sectors, if you see our consolidated financial, our employee 
benefit which used to be INR 201 crores, I would say, INR 2,017 million in nine months, 
December 2021. It has come down to INR 1,818 million in December Y-o-Y in 2022. So, 
there is an almost saving of INR 20 crores on employment cost on that front.  
Similarly, if you see a second head, which is called subcontracting expense, which is again 
interact manpower that we have in our business, which was INR 1,968 million in December 
2021, it has come down to INR 1,859 million and 0.6 lakhs in December 2022. So again, this 
is an approximately 19 million in that number also. So, these are the numbers on which the 
current run rate at which we are working on. So if you analyze those numbers, I think that 
there is a substantial saving which Ravi was referring also, and the savings will continue.  
But having said that, I think I also answered, this savings will continue, even though we get 
added more ATMs in our portfolio. But having said that, except for one business, which is 
Securevalue which is directly linked to the manpower as we add more ATMs and more routes. 
It will have certain percentage of cost, but that is directly linked to the revenue. 
If there is an increase in revenue, then they’re able to cost our manpower. And then if for 
whatever reason, the revenue remains stable or same, there will not be an incremental revenue. 
And this is what the savings we’re talking about and don’t believe that at this current run rate 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
of manpower, we were comfortable executing the current run rate of business and whatever 
expected and confirmed business that we have in our hand. 
Achal Lohade: 
So the second question I had was with respect to compliance. If you could elaborate where are 
we in terms of from our preparedness for the cassette swap and the route compliance? 
Stanley Johnson: 
So on the cassette swap across, we are committed to have all our banks to complete by March 
31. And of this year and we are on road to that. You will see in numbers. So we have done a 
large portion in the month of January. So you will see a large portion of our ATMs getting 
converted into cassette swap. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry. So you’re suggesting that we will be 100% compliant or ready for compliance for these 
cassette swaps by March ’23? 
Stanley Johnson: 
So as on readiness, we are ready and we are compliant. We have started doing cassette swaps 
across all the banks, which have come forward and has asked us to complete. But as a whole, 
we will have to wait and see how much bank’s readiness is there to complete it across. As of 
our readiness, we have done and we have already rolled it up. 
Achal Lohade: 
And with respect to route compliance, how many of our customers or ATMs are already 
compliant on the route -- compliance in all? 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
So I think, I have Shailesh also… 
Shailesh Shetty: 
 
You are talking about the route compliance, right? 
Achal Lohade: 
 
Route compliance, yes. 
Shailesh Shetty: 
Yes. I’m Shailesh. I am representing Securevalue. So as far as our routes are there, we are 
100% compliant on all the routes wherever we are manning ATMs. 
Achal Lohade: 
But how many of our customers are already paying up for the compliance or because we have 
incurring additional cost, right? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So I think since -- as we’ve already mentioned also and earlier also that the Securevalue was 
formulated earlier in 2012. We always started off with all the guidelines which were 
recommendatory in nature. So that is why, when the day one and with this MHA guidelines, 
which I think we’re referring or the route compliance guidelines came into picture, we were 
the first company who was compliant on the India basis for all these compliances.  
So a lot of banks have started -- a lot of customers have started paying us because Securevalue 
serves the MSPs like AGS and other MSPs and MSP in turn, service bank and they get paid 
from the banks to the MSPs and MSP to Securevalue. So the Securevalue revenues if you see 
year-on-year growth, quarter-on-quarter growth, all those factors have definitely helped 
Securevalue with their profitability and margin profile.  

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So on a number perspective, I think most of the customers have started paying off, the exact 
number may not be available with me or Shailesh. But most of the customers have already 
started paying up. There is a committee found by CLA, which is Cash Logistic Agency, who is 
handling this compliance and ensuring this compliance that implemented on all India basis and 
negotiating or representing all cash new companies to banks and to MSP and as banks are 
getting comfortable, banks are getting reports and confirmations from the agency. They have 
started paying us on all those ATMs. 
So, a few of the ATMs, maybe some cities may be pending even though we are compliant, so 
we are incurring that cost from day one. The revenue may not be coming up because, since we 
are part of this association and agency and network, we get this data from the bank and the 
CLA and start billing them. But I think from the compliance angle, we are compliant from all 
India routes. From the implementation perspective, I think since these guidelines came, I think, 
more than a couple of years back, most of the routes and most of the banks and most of the 
vans are compliant as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Athavale from Robo Capital.  
Ketan Athavale: 
And I have just recently started following the company. I wanted to know on the ATM side, so 
do you just have assembly or do you have enough software for these ATMs -- what is the 
case? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Correct. As we have our factory and where we manufacture our ATM, so we have a assembly 
line, where we bike the ATM kits in the form of CKDs and SKDs. We have assembly line, 
which has been developed, I would say, created as per the German standards that are followed. 
And basis that assembly line, we manufacture those ATMs. So whatever applications that 
software are required for that ATMs, we buy those software’s and applications along with 
those kits and assemble those ATMs. 
Ketan Athavale:  
And about software like, do you have enough software? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Yes, yes, absolutely, absolutely. Ketan, if you compare the ATMs. ATMs are nothing but a 
computer itself, which takes all those command, process those commands and act on those 
commands in the form of. So all those softwares and applications are required to run a 
computer machines like Windows, OS and other stuff and certain other very specifically 
proprietary softwares to handle our internal hardware purpose. Those softwares come bundled 
with those SKDs and CKDs. Or in case we need to buy those upgrades like Windows 7 to 
Windows 10, Windows XP to Windows 7, we buy those softwares from the normal OEMs or 
other service providers or other sellers. 
Ketan Athavale: 
How is the outlook on this ATM business, especially vis-a-vis online transaction behind 
everything? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So from -- Ketan, from the outlook perspective, from the ATM business, I think with this 
ATM business continues to be one of the largest contributor of our revenues in the past and 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
future and present. It was always the largest contributor to our bottom line in the past, present 
and continued in the future also.  
It is the business which is actually generating the cash and helping us to grow our other 
strategies in the form of digital business and everything. So our primary focus will continue to 
stay there. We are one of the largest player in the market also. So we believe like banks like 
ICICI, AXIS, all those banks, they continue to be our preferred partners. We are one of the 
largest deployers. So I think we believe that this focus will continue to be there. But I’ll 
request Ravi to just give you more 
Ravi Goyal: 
Just to add to what Saurabh said, the ATM future, I mean, is going to be absolutely great as 
long as the physical branches also keep on increasing. I mean, we see that actually from the 
banking perspective, you can do physically -- you can do actually all the transactions using 
mobiles or internet. But even there, we find that there are a lot of physical branches which are 
getting added by all the major banks. 
And when you increase your physical branches, it necessarily means at least minimum on the 
minimum side, two to three ATMs per branches. And we are also seeing a lot of shifts coming 
from banks to deploy more and more CRM and provide an additional CRMs at the ATM sites 
to ensure that the deposit functionality is 24/7 available to the customers. At the same time, it 
reduces their operating costs significantly. So, we continue to see growth in ATM. There was 
definitely a little bit less during the COVID time and the demonetization time, but we see the 
growth continuing in the ATM business. 
Ketan Athavale:  
And can you like give any guidance on EBITDA margin? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So Ketan, I think from a business perspective, again, we’ll come back to that same point that 
we have long-term recurring revenue is coming from the existing long-term contracts. So, we 
continue to sustain and maintain that good EBITDA margins, which will be in the range of at 
least 25% over a period of time. And this is what we have achieved in the past also.  
So, we believe that EBITDA margin will sustain even though the transaction is not coming, I 
think there are multiple other forms of revenues which are getting added to the same ATM 
network like asset swap, MHA guidelines, route optimization, route logic, and other stocks are 
getting CRM deployment, which gives us additional.  
So, as Ravi just mentioned, like we have still covered ATM transaction from the withdrawal 
side. But with the CRM getting implemented and becoming deployed at all the branches and 
banks where banks are trying to cover up and ensure that each branch will have a CRM, so that 
they can direct people to deposit the cash at these machines instead of waiting for their turn at 
the teller, which will automate their process also, which will digitalize their branch network 
also, and it gives us additional revenues in the form of getting money paid for the deposit 
transaction because end of the day, the machines are processing those transactions. So, we 
believe all these new initiatives and new influx coming up, we will continue to maintain this 
healthy margins. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Ketan Athavale: 
And just one last question. So you mentioned you have debt requirement only for opex and 
will that be case for the next two to three years also? And is there any specific plan for 
reduction of debt? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, as I said, our debt is largely primarily consist of term debt, which have, I would say, 
defined a repayment plan. So, as we keep on growing our businesses, which is largely services 
business and there is not a significant capex that needs to be required to be implemented 
depending on the contract that we get.  
But having said that, outsourcing like comes back and we believe contract, it will relieve the 
capex requirement, and that’s a good long-term contract. We may require some more debt. But 
having said that, fixed contracts -- fixed repayment will help us to reduce the debt and 
whatever incremental revenue that is required our company is generating will help us -- which 
can be funded either through the internal approvals, but in case the internal approvals are being 
utilized for some other internal capex or other capex for which we’re not in debt, we may need 
a working capital debt. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ravi Goyal: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the earnings call. We appreciate your interest in 
AGS. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, our Investor Relations advisor. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of AGS Transact Technologies Limited that conclude this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
