Date: 8th May, 2023 
To 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051 
NSE Symbol - IRISDOREME 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of the Company- Q4 & FY23 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 5" May, 2022, 
at 5:00 p.m. 
for 
discussing operational and financial performance in 4h quarter and year ended 315 March, 2023. 
The above information is also available on the website of Company at www irisclothings 
in. 
We request you to kindly take this on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Iris Clothings Limited 
SA NTOS 
Digitally signed 
by SANTOSH 
H 
LADHA 
Date: 2023.05.08 
LADHA 
14432040530 
Santosh Ladha 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 03585561) 
Iris Clothings Limited 
103/24/1, Foreshore Road, Howrah 711102, India 
+9133 2637 3856 / 2640 4674 
| info@irisclothings.in 
re 
-— 
CIN: L18109WB2011PLC166895 
DOR= 
_-— 
In 

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Iris Clothing Limited 
Q4 & FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 05, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
                                  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANTOSH LADHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – IRIS 
CLOTHING LIMITED 
 
MR. HARSHVARDHAN SARDA – BUSINESS HEAD – IRIS 
CLOTHING LIMITED 
 
MR. NIRAJ AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
IRIS CLOTHING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SONIA KESWANI – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS. 
 
 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Iris Clothing Limited's Q4 and FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Sonia Keswani from EY Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you Ms. Sonia. 
Sonia Keswani: 
Thanks Irene and good evening everyone. On behalf of Iris Clothing Ltd, I welcome all of you 
to the company's Q4 and FY23 earnings conference call. You would have already received the 
Q4 and FY23 results and investor presentation which is also available in our filings with the 
NSE.  
To discuss the company's business performance during the year and outlook, we have with us 
today; Mr. Santosh Ladha, the Managing Director, Mr. Harshvardhan Sarda, the Business Head 
and Niraj Agarwal, the Chief Financial Officer of Iris Clothings.  
Before we proceed with the call, a disclaimer, please do note that anything said on this call 
during the course of the interaction and in our collaterals which reflects the outlook towards the 
future or which should be construed as a certain forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks the company faces and may not be updated from time to time. More 
details are provided at the end of the presentation and other filings that can be found on our 
website www.irisclothings.in.  
Should you have any queries or need any further information at the end of this call, you can 
reach out to us at the email addresses mentioned in the company collaterals. With that, I would 
now like to hand over the call to Harsh. Over to you, sir. 
Harshvardhan Sarda: 
Thank you, Sonia. Good evening, everyone. This is Harshvardhan Sarda, the Business Head of 
Iris Clothings. Thank you for taking the time out to participate in our Q4 and FY 2023 Earnings 
Call.  
Now, before we delve into discussing our performance and development, I would like to 
take a moment to talk about our company, Iris Clothings.  
Iris is a fast-growing kids' apparel company that is engaged in designing, manufacturing, 
branding, and selling garments. Our products are sold under the brand DOREME. It was 
launched within a year of starting the business in 2005. DOREME started its sales through the 
distributor-retailer network based out of Mumbai. That was our first point of start. Since then, 
the brand has been steadily gaining popularity from word-of-mouth publicity. It has also gained 
acceptance in the retail stores given the high quality and stylish range of collection and our 
ability to continuously launch new products with different designs. DOREME offers a wide 
range of apparels starting from infants, toddlers, junior boys, and junior girls, that suit both their 
indoor and outdoor requirements. The primary product categories that we deal with are tops, t-
shirts, sweatshirts, shorts, trousers, joggers, infantwear, nightwear, are some of these products.  

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Our brand has very good presence in 26 states across the country with Maharashtra, Rajasthan, 
Gujarat, and Punjab being our key markets. We have 150+ distributors right now who are selling 
our garments and this network is expanding as we speak. While most of our sale happens through 
this distribution network, we also have an online presence through e-commerce channels like 
FirstCry and our own direct-to-consumer platform, doreme.in. Our company has attained good 
brand recall and growth through online channels and believes online could be an important 
channel for future growth. Moreover, we keep participating in various industry exhibitions 
across and trade shows to increase our visibility among our trade partners.  
We currently operate out of four key manufacturing sites based out of Howrah in West Bengal. 
The entire process of garment manufacturing is completed in-house, including design, 
development, cutting, printing, stitching, finishing, quality check, and testing. Therefore, a 
manufacturing infrastructure that is strongly backward integrated enables us to have better 
control over quality and also makes us cost-efficient. The Capex done in FY23 led to an increase 
in our installed capacity from 30,000 pieces to 33,000 pieces manufactured per day. With this 
additional capacity, we aim to manufacture somewhere around 27,000 to 30,000 pieces per day 
by FY24 from the current level of 24,000 pieces per day.  
Now moving to our business updates in FY23. I am very pleased to announce that we have 
been expanding on all fronts and have left no stone unturned to explore opportunities 
across.  
Designing has always been one of our core strengths and I am extremely happy to share that we 
have signed a licensing agreement with Disney or the UTV Software Communications Pvt. Ltd., 
the company in India, during the year. Now this license will allow us to launch apparels designed 
with Disney and Marvel characters, all the characters under the Disney universe under our brand, 
DOREME. These characters have tremendous popularity among kids and will be sold under our 
premium category. 
We did a sample launch of our Disney designed apparels in November last quarter and we are 
pleased to share that we started FY24 on a great note as we sent our first batch of orders of T-
shirts designed with the Mickey and Mickey Friends characters. Going forward, we'll be 
launching product categories with various other Disney characters and Marvel characters in a 
phased manner throughout the year.  
Another noteworthy event that happened this week was that our facility at Uluberia has been 
licensed by the Facility and Merchandise Authorization, or the FAMA Authorization Company 
to manufacture and distribute products bearing the intellectual property of Disney. We will share 
more updates on this in the coming quarters.  
On the product side, we enhanced our infant wear vertical games by launching the accessories 
line in the first half of the current fiscal. We also launched our Sportswear vertical in December 
2022. The infant wear vertical has seen very good traction and is expected to contribute 
materially in the coming years. We are also planning to launch our undergarment vertical which 
will hit the market in the coming quarter as well. Now with these developments, we believe that 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
we have successfully built a comprehensive range of products for kids and are becoming a one 
stop shop for all their needs. 
We also attended our first overseas exhibition in Dubai that saw participation from distributors 
and large retailers from various Middle East countries. We also did two exhibitions in Mumbai 
and conducted a conference, a dealer conference in Udaipur this year.  
On the domestic front, we have added 18 new distributors last year. We onboarded our first 
distributor in Uttarakhand and are expanding our reach in our stronger markets like Maharashtra, 
Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Delhi, and Punjab. On the export front, we have sent out shipments to 
countries like Portugal, Zambia, Saudi Arabia, and Nepal.  
In an aim to transform digitally, we also launched our B2B platform for our distributors to 
improve the working capital cycle. Functionalities like real-time access to our inventory, order 
tracking, better filtering options to view product categories and being the first ones to get notified 
when a new article is launched are receiving immense appreciation from our distributors. 
We also launched our D2C e-commerce platform, www.doreme.in to tap on to the online D2C 
opportunity that is going on right now. The platform that we have built boasts of our complete 
range of products and we are adopting digital marketing activities to increase traction to our 
website.  
Going forward for FY24, our capex target will be around INR3 crores, which will increase our 
installed capacity to around 35,000 pieces per day.  
We believe our new product launches and the partnership with Disney coupled with the 
technology advancements will give us a significant head start and set us for a good growth 
trajectory as we enter the new financial year. 
Over the past years, our efforts have been completely dedicated towards three levers, expanding 
our product portfolio, growing our distribution base and transforming digitally. Now to talk 
about our strategy ahead, we will be growing our business on four fronts.  
One, we will continue to engage with the market to keep growing our distribution network and 
add new markets in both domestic and international locations. While in India, we will keep 
increasing our footprint in Tier 2 and 3 cities. Globally, we will be targeting newer regions in 
Middle East, Africa, and West Asia.  
Two, we will be leveraging our large distribution network to cross-sell our new product 
categories that we are adding. 
Three would be about onboarding more and more distributors on our B2B platform and explore 
opportunities to grow our online business.  
Fourth pillar will be focusing on increasing brand visibility and recall through various social 
media campaigns and engagements across stores which will ultimately drive traffic to our online 
platform.  

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
I think the opportunity that we are tapping, being a homegrown company with a brand, in an era 
that is so brand conscious is huge right now. On top of that, catering to the kids segment in India 
that does not have a lot of domestic brands makes the opportunity even huge.  
I will be now handing over the call to Mr. Niraj Agarwal, our Chief Financial Officer who will 
walk us through the Q4 and the full year FY23 financial numbers. Thank you everyone and over 
to you Niraj. 
Niraj Agarwal: 
Thank you Harsh. Good evening, everyone.  
In Q4 FY23, our total revenue stood at INR37.6 crores, which is up by 14.8% year on year. 
EBITDA was at INR5.3 crores, up by 1.6% year on year and EBITDA margin was 14.1% against 
15.9% in the same quarter last year. Our Profit after tax stood at INR2.2 crores, which is down 
by 10.2% year on year and PAT margin stood at 5.9% against 7.6% in Q4 FY22.  
Now taking you to the full year report. Our full year revenue stood at INR113 crores, which 
grew by 1.2% year on year due to low sell volumes during the year as consumption took a hit. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR19.5 crores, down by 9.5%. Although raw material prices have eased, 
inventory lying in our books were bought when raw material prices were elevated. This ended 
up impacting our margins. EBITDA margins were at 17.2%, down 204 basis points. We expect 
margins to improve on the back of price hike and demand recovery in FY24. Net profit stood at 
INR8.3 crores, down 18.6% year on year and PAT margin of 7.3%.  
With this, I think we can now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the first question from the line of Sahil Shah from SS Invest Corp. Please 
go ahead. 
Sahil Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Basically, I have some questions with regards to the contribution of 
the infantwear in the coming financial year. If you can just highlight that. 
Santosh Ladha: 
Infantwear at present is 7% of our revenue. It will go up by 5% in this year. It will be around 
12% in the current year. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay. How much of the same will be coming from the online platforms? 
Santosh Ladha: 
Online platform, we have started by November 2022. At present, we have no data for online 
platform. It will gradually grow and we can give you data after 6 months. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay. Since we are in the capex phase, what is the amount that you are dedicating to the capex 
for FY24 specifically and next year? 
Santosh Ladha: 
This year, we are spending around INR3 crores. Every year, we spend INR3 crores in our capex 
in stitching and finishing. This year also, we will spend INR3 crores. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay. I will just ask the last question and I will be coming back in the queue. This year, we have 
seen some margins being impacted. Can you guide us as to how will be the margins be looking 
in the coming FY24? 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Santosh Ladha: 
You are asking about EBITDA margins? 
Sahil Shah: 
EBITDA margins, yes. 
Santosh Ladha: 
EBITDA margins will be around 20%. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. I will be back in the queue. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We take the next question from the line of Harmit Desai. Please go ahead. 
Harmit Desai: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, I would like one question on the strategy. How are we 
planning to grow our online business going forward? 
Santosh Ladha: 
Online business? We will focus on social media in this quarter. We will grow it from there. We 
have been focusing on social media since last November. So, we have not been able to grow 
numbers yet. We also had issues with our portfolio. We also had issues with our site. All that 
has been cleared. We will be able to grow numbers in the next 1-2 months through online and 
social media. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. And sir, how is the opportunity which you see in the online? Like from the current 
business, what we are doing traditionally? 
Santosh Ladha: 
If you see our online business, last year it was INR9 crores from First Cry. That is totally online. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. 
Santosh Ladha: 
In the coming time, like our portfolio product is increasing. Many products have increased in 
the portfolio. Like we have onboarded Disney. After that, accessories are increasing. In 
accessories, mother bags are one of our hot selling products online. There can be a lot of space 
in the future. It is really tough to comment on numbers. After 6 months, we can talk about the 
numbers. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, just related to online. One thing I wanted to ask is how are you planning 
to market through online? Like are we going for a performance marketing or how are we 
planning to do that? 
Santosh Ladha: 
For that, Harsh can tell you in detail. 
Harshvardhan Sarda: 
Hi, so I will be taking over this answer. What we are doing for performance marketing. 
Performance marketing is one of the angles that we are using to promote our website. The bigger 
opportunity that we have here is the big offline market that we already have. So what we are 
doing is we are doing a lot of packaging activities where we are trying to convert our customers 
who buy our products offline and convert them directly to us. That is one big opportunity that 
we have started working on. And performance marketing both on social media and Google Ads 
is of course an activity that we are working very strongly. It will be 2-3 primary platforms for 
marketing our website. 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay, thank you. And also I had one question on financial part. If you can give me a number 
like are we seeing any improvement in our working capital days after we have launched our B2B 
platform? 
Santosh Ladha: 
Working capital days continued to be affected this year, similar to last year. So, in the coming 
year, our working capital days will be less. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay, so a ballpark number if you can share. 
Santosh Ladha: 
Working capital days is around 180 days. 
Harmit Desai: 
180 days. And so going forward like in 2 years down the line or 3 years down the line, how we 
should look at this number or what is your target? 
Santosh Ladha: 
My target is around 110. 
Harmit Desai: 
110. Sure sir. And so as we see that the raw material prices have been increasing. So are we 
passing through any price hikes to the customers for the same? 
Santosh Ladha: 
We have hiked the price already but now the raw materials prices have gone down. We are not 
seeing any hike in future. I think almost around 6 months material we have recovered through 
last year’s price hike. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. And sir, last question on offline. So are we planning to go with our own retail stores or 
brick and mortar kind of a thing? Is there anything under planning? 
Santosh Ladha: 
Yes, it's in planning. We want to open our own stores in the name of DOREME. It's just our plan 
now. Next quarter or maybe after that quarter we can say and give numbers also. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Sahil Shah from SS Invest Corp. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Sahil Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. In the opening remarks we mentioned about the tie-up with 
Disney. So I will be happy to learn more about that. You know, how is the arrangement like? 
Would you be making your own product design along with collaborating with Disney? Would 
it be through FAMA license? And is there any royalty or some kind of thing involved in that? 
Santosh Ladha: 
The Disney license that we are using today is to make a product. We are co-branding it. We are 
giving our main brand. DOREME is the main brand and Disney is like a co-brand. We are using 
Disney's characters. For that we are giving royalty. It's for one year. Next year, we will have to 
renew the license. Secondly, about FAMA. Disney has a structure, wherein they conduct a 
factory audit. We were completely compliant and have therefore attained the FAMA license 
from Disney. After that, if there is any work of Disney world over, we can get it done in the 
factory. 
Sahil Shah: 
Okay. So how is our payout in this? In terms of, if you have any quantification of royalty. How 
much is our royalty? 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Santosh Ladha: 
Royalty is around 12%-14%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Karan from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Karan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand what was the spend on advertisement and 
marketing for the current year that is FY ‘23 as compared to the last year FY ‘22. 
Santosh Ladha: 
Last year it has been around INR0.75 crores and this year it will be INR2 crores. 
Karan: 
Okay. And you mentioned about the EBITDA margin expectation for the next year. Was it 
around 17%? 
Santosh Ladha: 
Sorry, I can't hear. Can you repeat it? 
Karan: 
I wanted to understand what are your EBITDA margin and type margin expectations for the next 
year. 
Santosh Ladha: 
Next year EBITDA margin will be around 20%, maybe 20.5% and the net margin will be maybe 
10%+. 
Karan: 
Okay. And we also have experienced an increase in inventories. According to the last call, was 
it due to the increase in inventories that we were not able to sell last year? 
Santosh Ladha: 
From last quarter we have decreased the inventories. But now there is a decreasing trend. It's a 
decreasing trend in inventories. 
Karan: 
Okay, so as compared to the last quarter it has decreased? 
Management: 
Yes. It has been decreased by around 15%-20%. 
Karan: 
Okay, that's good. And what would be the expected timeline for undergarments launch? Would 
it be done in the next quarter or would it be done in the quarter two? 
Management: 
Next quarter only. 
Karan: 
Okay, that's great. Also, the last question. So you mentioned about the capex target for the next 
year. So would that increase our capacity to around 35,000 pieces a day for the next year FY 
‘24? 
Management: 
Yes, 35,000 to 36,000. 
Karan: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you, everybody. It gives me immense pride at what we are building and the scale we are 
growing at. I would like to thank you for joining into the call today. I hope I was able to address 

 
Iris Clothing Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
your questions in the best way possible. In case you have any other queries post this call or 
anything remained unanswered, you may contact our IR team at EY. Thank you. Thank you 
once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Iris Clothing Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
