ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115      
   CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address:      
  Registered Office:    
  Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11,    ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,  
  Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West),      Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,     
  Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064     
  Mumbai - 400 025     
  Website: www.icicilombard.com 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/21-04/2024 
April 24, 2023 
To, 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2023  
This is further to our letter dated April 4, 2023 and April 18, 2023, please note that the 
Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Tuesday, April 18, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023.
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023.  
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at 
www.icicilombard.com. You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed by 
Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2023.04.24 
16:29:30 +05'30'

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q4 & FY2023 Earnings Conference Call  
April 18, 2023 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
                                     MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 29 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited 
Q4 & FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
April 18, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Q4 & FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
From the senior management we have with us today, Mr. Bhargav 
Dasgupta – MD & CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran – 
CFO & CRO; Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, Executive Director & Mr. Alok 
Agarwal, Executive Director. 
Please note that any statements or comments made in today’s call that 
may look like forward looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management and do not constitute an 
indication of any future performance as future involved risks and 
uncertainties which could cause the results to differ materially from the 
current views being expressed. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Bhargav Dasgupta, MD & CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thank you, Neerav, and good evening to each one of you. Thank you 
for joining the earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company for Q4 & FY2023. I will give you a brief overview 
of the industry trends and developments that we have witnessed in the 
past few months. Post this, our CFO – Mr. Gopal Balachandran will 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 29 
share the financial performance of the company for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2023. 
The Indian economy is showing signs of resilience while the global 
economy uncertainty remains elevated. Domestically all the leading 
indicators are pointing towards sustained momentum in economic 
activity. However, persistence of elevated inflation in advanced 
economies, tightened financial conditions and ongoing geopolitical 
tensions may impact domestic growth going forward.  
For the quarter, as per data published by SIAM, the new vehicle sales 
continued to deliver growth year on year for private car, however, the 
pent-up demand seems to have settled. Commercial vehicle segments 
continued to deliver a robust growth, while the two-wheeler segment in 
terms of volumes is still below the pre pandemic levels. Health 
insurance continued to deliver robust growth. The commercial lines 
witnessed growth in line with the current market environment. The 
overall growth for the industry was highest in the last 5 years. We 
remain optimistic that the industry will continue to grow given the 
favorable regulatory changes, low penetration and positive consumer 
sentiment. 
Speaking of the performance: 
The GI industry delivered a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 16.4% for FY2023. At the same time, the underwriting 
performance remained weak, with the combined ratio of the industry at 
116.2% for 9MFY2023 as against 119.2% for 9MFY2022. For motor 
business, the Combined Ratio for the industry was 123.5% for 
H1FY2023 which improved to 118.9% for Q3FY2023, as per public 
disclosures. While there may be gradual signs of improvement in the 
motor segment the Combined Ratio remains higher than FY2022 levels 
which was at 115.6%.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 29 
The Authority in the current financial year introduced various reforms 
seeking to expand the market and increase the penetration of insurance 
products. During the quarter the Authority notified “Expenses of 
management” and “Payment of Commission Regulations” proposing an 
aggregate limit at the company level with effect from 1st April 2023. 
Moving to the business impact for us during the quarter: 
The company grew by 6.7%. Excluding crop and one off transaction in 
the motor segment, the company grew by 12.6% as against industry 
growth ex crop of 17.9%.  
Coming to growth of the key segment during the quarter- 
 
In the commercial lines we experienced robust growth, driven by 
growth of 15.9% in the SME segment. Further during the year, we 
accreted market share across segments such as Engineering, 
Liability and maintained our market share in the Fire segment.  
 
In addition to the above, another development in the commercial 
lines segment was the discontinuance of IIB rates as minimum rates 
in the Fire Reinsurance treaties due to a regulatory directive. Also, 
the impact of global hardening on reinsurance terms especially on 
natural catastrophic production was experienced by the insurers 
during April 1 renewals. We believe that although this may create 
short-term disruption, in the long term we expect it to be positive 
and bring in underwriting discipline. At the same time for players like 
us who have capital, brand and presence across multiple lines of 
business at scale, should benefit from this. 
 
In motor we de-grew by 11.5%. Excluding one-off transaction the 
growth was muted at 0.6% as against the industry growth of 13.1%. 
We continue to focus on profitable sub segments using historical 
granular data and rebalanced our portfolio resulting in a CV mix at 
22.3% and two-wheeler mix at 27.8% for FY2023.  
 
Similar to the previous year, the overall health segment continued 
to be the fastest growing segment of the industry. During this 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 29 
quarter, we grew at 31.1%, which was higher than the industry 
growth of 29.7%.  
 
In Group Health- Employer Employee segment, the change in the 
underlying industry pricing sentiment resulted in customers moving 
towards companies with better underwriting and service capabilities 
resulting in our group health segment to grow by 35.7% during the 
quarter and 43.9% for the year.  
 
As a result of a continued investments in Retail Health Distribution, 
we have outgrown the industry for Q4 FY2023 with a growth of 
19.4% and in the month of March with a growth of 27.0%. This was 
driven by business sourced through retail health agency vertical 
which grew at 30.9%. Further in the month of February, we 
undertook a price increase in our retail healthy indemnity renewal 
book of ~19%.  
 
I would also like to share that our one stop solution for all insurance 
and wellness needs, “IL TakeCare” app has surpassed ~4.6 million 
user downloads till date. The incremental download for the quarter 
was close to 1 million. For Q4 of FY2023, quarter-on-quarter growth 
of premium sourced through this app was 58.4%, thus contributing 
Rs. 55.1 crores to GDPI. For Q3 of FY2023 this number was Rs. 
347.9 million or 34.7 crores, for Q2 it was Rs. 274 million and for Q1 
it was Rs. 100 million. 
 
Our bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 25.7% 
this quarter, within this ICICI Bank distribution grew at 14.2% and 
the non-ICICI Bank distribution grew at 32.2%. Post pandemic, the 
recovery in credit growth along with increase in wallet share in 
distribution partners acquired through the demerger has been the 
key growth driver.  
 
Our business sourced through our Digital One team grew at 19.4%. 
Overall, our digital focus has enabled us to increase our digital 
revenues, which includes the IL TakeCare app to Rs. 3.14 billion 
which accounts for 6.3% of our overall GDPI for the quarter.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 29 
We remain on track and are focused on growth levers such as 
innovation, 
digital 
advancements, 
launching 
new 
products, 
strengthening our distribution engine, rationalizing cost while scaling up 
of preferred lines of business. 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for 
the recently concluded quarter. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Bhargav, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give 
you a brief overview of the financial performance of the company for Q4 
& FY2023. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on our 
website. You can access it as we walk you through the performance 
numbers. 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was Rs. 210.25 
billion in FY2023 as against Rs. 179.77 billion in FY2022, a growth of 
17.0% against the industry growth of 16.4%. Our GDPI growth was 
primarily driven by growth in the preferred segments. The overall GDPI 
of our property at casualty segment grew by 18.9% at Rs. 59.73 billion 
in FY2023 as against Rs. 50.24 billion at FY2022.  
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the motor segment was at 
Rs. 85.82 billion in FY2023 as against Rs. 82.8 million in FY2022 
registering a growth of 3.7%, excluding the one off transaction that 
Bhargav referred to, the growth was at 6.9%. 
Our agents including the point-of-sale distribution count was around     
1,13,000 as on March 31, 2023, up from 1,06,119 as on December 31, 
2022. The advance premium was Rs. 32.17 billion as at March 31, 2023 
as against Rs. 32.79 billion as at December 31, 2022. Resultantly, the 
combined ratio was 104.5% for FY2023 as against 108.8% in FY2022. 
Combined ratio for the quarter was 104.2% this year in Q4FY2023 as 
against 103.2% in Q4FY2022. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 29 
Our investment assets rose to Rs. 431.80 billion as on March 31, 2023 
up from Rs. 414.51 billion as on December 31, 2022. Our investment 
leverage (net of borrowings) was 4.15x at March 31, 2023 as against 
4.16x at December 31, 2022. Investment income for the full year was 
Rs. 29.77 billion in FY2023 as against Rs. 30.00 billion in FY2022. On 
a quarterly basis, investment income increased to Rs. 8.17 billion in Q4 
FY2023 as against Rs. 7.06 billion in Q4 FY2022. Our capital gains (net 
of impairments) on investment assets stood at Rs. 4.53 billion in 
FY2023 as compared to Rs. 7.38 billion in FY2022. Capital gains in Q4 
FY2023 was at Rs. 1.59 billion as compared to Rs. 1.36 billion in Q4 
FY2022.  
Our Profit Before Tax (PBT), grew by 25.5% at Rs. 21.13 billion in 
FY2023 as against Rs. 16.84 billion in FY2022, whereas PBT grew by 
39.5% at Rs. 5.73 billion in Q4 FY2023 as against Rs. 4.10 billion in Q4 
FY2022.  
Consequently, Profit After Tax (PAT) grew by 36.0% at Rs. 17.29 billion 
in FY2023 as against Rs. 12.71 billion in FY2022, whereas PAT grew 
by 39.8% at Rs. 4.37 billion in Q4 FY2023 from Rs. 3.13 billion in Q4 
FY2022. PAT includes the reversal of tax provision of Rs. 1.28 billion in 
Q2 FY2023. 
The Board of Directors of the Company has proposed a final dividend 
of Rs. 5.50 per share for FY2023. The payment is however subject to 
approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the 
Company. The overall dividend for FY2023 including the proposed final 
dividend is Rs. 10 per share. Last year it was Rs. 9 per share.  
Return on average equity i.e ROAE was 17.7% in FY2023 as against 
14.7% in FY2022. The return on average equity for Q4 FY2023 was 
17.2% as against 14.0% in Q4 FY2022.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 29 
Solvency ratio was 2.51x as at March 31, 2023, as against 2.45x as at 
December 31, 2022, continued to be higher than minimum regulatory 
requirement of 1.5x. 
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate we continue to stay focused on 
driving profitable growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding 
interest of policyholders at all times.  
I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call and now we 
will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee 
from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Two, three questions. First on the motor side, I think in recent 
conversations you have mentioned that there has been some positive 
development on the pricing side in motor OD, but despite that I think 
what we are seeing in your numbers is that there has been a de-growth 
in the motor premium. So, just wanted to understand what is playing out 
there and what has resulted, is this a high base effect or anything else 
that we need to understand to factor in this de-growth that we have seen 
in the motor book? And also, if you can highlight the reason for the 
motor TP loss ratio being higher this quarter, because I checked the 
reserve cycles and there seems to be reserve releases, so has there 
been any kind of adverse one off impact that you have seen in the motor 
TP book? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, the first one, Swarnabha, on the motor own damage growth 
numbers, I think in line what we have been talking about we continue to 
be a bit cautious given the competitive intensity in motor stays elevated. 
Having said that you are right, we did talk about some bit of easing in 
pricing that one had expected to kind of play through on the motor 
segment, which is why when you look at the industry Combined Ratios, 
for the half year the industry Combined Ratio was roughly at about 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 29 
124%. If you look at that number for Q3, that number was about 118%. 
So, clearly, I think there seems to be some signs of a bit of easing in so 
far as the industry participants are concerned. So far as ICICI Lombard, 
I think if you recollect what we had said was obviously we continue to 
write the motor segment through a combination of both new as well as 
the relatively older segment and as we have been explaining, we have 
been also looking at segments which are slightly older, which literally 
comes with a slightly higher loss experience and the relative cost of 
acquisition for that particular segment is relatively lower. Hence from an 
ROE perspective, it made a lot of sense for us to look at writing that part 
of the business and hence to that extent we would possibly see, maybe 
the loss ratios slightly elevated. Having said that, I think what we would 
always urge is to not look at any numbers on a quarter on quarter basis 
but rather look at it more on a full-year basis in terms of the opportunity. 
                                    On motor third party loss ratio, again we will continue to make the same 
stance which is to say that in a given quarter there are lot of factors that 
influence the loss experience and therefore if you ask us whether there 
has been any change in our reserving philosophy or approach, there 
has been no change in the reserving philosophy or approach and motor 
TP being  unlike some of the other segments which are short tailed in 
terms of loss development as we know it is a relatively long tail of claims 
and there again, I think we would again urge all of you to look at 
numbers more on a full year basis, and if you look at on a full year basis 
the motor third party loss ratio for the current year stands at 72%. So, 
that is a better reflection of the loss experience as compared to looking 
at the numbers on a quarter on quarter basis. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Just to add one more point to what Gopal said, when you compare Y-
o-Y numbers, last year Q4 for us was a very big quarter in motor 
business. That base has played down in terms of the growth numbers 
for us this quarter. Otherwise in terms of pushing price increases that 
we are actually taking. We have pushed through some price increases. 
We will see whether other’s follow. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 29 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Also, in terms of the overall cost structure, I understand that Q4 is 
generally a retail heavy quarter and hence our commission outgo is 
generally much higher. But this time the net commission ratio is 
somewhere around 2% to 2.2%. So, is there any impact of the one off 
transaction in this, if you could highlight the reason and also the one off 
transaction if I were to triangulate the numbers somewhere in the P&L, 
how should I look for it? 
Gopal Balachandran: So far as the net commission is concerned, I think there is definitely 
nothing which is more one off. We obviously see cyclicality in some of 
the outcomes when you see on a quarter on quarter performance. For 
example in some of the commercial line portfolios, we get to see the 
experience of how good or bad the portfolio outcome has been that gets 
demonstrated at the end of the financial year particularly in Q4. And 
hence  you will possibly be able to see some element of maybe profit 
commission that typically gets recognized in Q4. But certainly, there is 
nothing which is like one off. In general, on the commercial line, our 
portfolio experience has been profitable and therefore the terms of 
commissions that we get from the reinsurers is what has possibly 
resulted in maybe the net commission ratio reflecting a different 
number. Otherwise, there is no one off in so far as this particular 
recognition is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions, first is more on the regulatory side where the regulator 
has a vague clause, stating the benefit of direct distribution to be passed 
on to the policyholders. The question is that, is the regulator stating that 
if you have a direct version of the same policy, a health or retail policy, 
and a customer coming for renewal, if the customer is willing to pay at 
your branch or at your portal directly, are you willing to or are you 
required to pass on this commission difference? This is with respect to 
renewal, where there is almost no cost in terms of direct compared to 
the cost on the new issuance. But when a customer is coming for 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 29 
renewal directly for health, virtually there is no distribution cost involved, 
so are you going to pass on the cost? That is number one. And second 
on the expense of management side, I mean of course the new 
regulation has come, but even for the existing regulation perspective, I 
mean for your scale the 31% kind of a reported expense of 
management, the operating leverage is kind of a bit evasive and add to 
that if I see the P&L there is some close to Rs 900 crores or close to 
4% of your gross premium that is being charged to the holder’s account 
whereas the ratio says 31%. So, why is that, I mean, at least on the 
ratio it does not appear as if you have breached expense of 
management by that kind of an amount. So, what sort of a connect I am 
missing here? These are my two questions. Thank you. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thanks, Avinash. Gopal will take the second question. Let me answer 
the first. I think the direction that the regulator is taking is making the 
regulation more principle based and leaving independent companies 
with lot more flexibility to manage their business in the way they think 
appropriate. Everything that they are doing, at least our read of the 
matter is, they are giving insurance companies a bit more choice than 
what we had in the past. So, even when it comes to the fact that you 
can give a lower commission that is also a choice given, which in the 
past we were not explicitly given. As a company we still have been 
giving a lower price in the online policies by 2.5% to 5%. So, that is a 
practice that we have been doing and we will continue to do that. 
Coming to what will happen because of this, I think it is too early to 
comment on how market would adjust to these changes, but as I said 
my sense is that, it is giving a lot more flexibility to us and different 
companies will plan out what they want to do with these flexibilities. Do 
remember that in certain products, the agent even if there is a customer 
renews online, sometimes agents do play a role in recommending that 
and driving that behavior. It may not be true for everything, but lot of 
times that is how it is. But as I said, more importantly it is a choice given 
to insurance company to plan their business strategy. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 29 
Gopal Balachandran: Avinash, on the second point, I think the number what you are seeing 
of 31.4% is basis for Q4 based on regulatory stipulated way of 
computing the expense of management ratio. So, there if you see the 
denominator as what is being put out on the foot note, it is based on the 
gross direct premium income. Having said that, the threshold on the 
expense of management works on the basis of gross written premium. 
So, when you kind of compute the numbers on the basis of gross written 
premium then 31.4% will stand revised to let us say 29.5% which is 
within the threshold of compliance in so far as the limits on expense of 
management is concerned. The same number on a full year basis what 
you are seeing of 29.6% which is again based on gross direct premium 
income in line with the requirement of the regulation which is on gross 
written premium that number will be looking like 29%, which is again 
within the threshold on limit that has been laid down by expense of 
management.  
                                   To your second point, there seems to be an amount of about Rs. 900 
crores which is reflected as a part of the P&L disclosures, what the 
regulator has also under the earlier regime, which is valid until March 
23, had also stipulated one - compliance at an aggregate level which is 
what I explained we are well within the limits all laid on by the regulation. 
Two - as you know they have also laid down limits for individual lines of 
businesses and in case if there are any line of businesses where 
possibly the limits on expense is slightly elevated then to that extent 
from a disclosure perspective so much of the excess is required to be 
separately disclosed as a part of the P&L numbers. But when the 
computation of the combined ratio happens, it factors in for all the 
operating expenses that we incur as a company. So, it is more a 
disclosure that is stipulated by the regulation as compared to the fact 
that it is not a case where, at a company level we have exceeded the 
limits on expense of management, we are well within the threshold. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you. On the reinsurance side, if I see there are three kind of 
changes is happening. One, the global hardening there is in the market, 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 29 
the second thing is the regulator nudging the primary insurer to go 
ahead, without any sort of a reinsurance prescribed flow rate that was 
a kind of practice in commercial lines. And thirdly, with the new EoM 
regulation coming on the GWP basis, probably, the way some private 
companies or even the reinsurance companies soliciting or started 
reinsurance businesses, where commissions might get a bit disturbed, 
the kind of a reinsurance commission you would be paying because of 
this new EoM regulation of 30% will be applicable on all. These three 
things, a bit of dislocation in commissions, reinsurance driven flow 
rates, not really mandatory, rather they are trying to choose and thirdly 
the global reinsurance market hardening, all this net-net how is it going 
to impact you or the industry behavior as far as the commercial line or 
kind of a heavily reinsurance backed line are concerned? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: That is a great point, Avinash. And we have been talking about the fact 
that in commercial line, there will be fair amount of change even in the 
last quarter before these things were explicitly cleared. We were talking 
about the fact that some of these changes would have impact. Of 
course, we couldn’t anticipate the rate hardening of the reinsurance side 
till that time, but that’s now evident. So, the point that you’re making is 
absolutely valid. So, globally if you look at rates in certain markets has 
gone up by 50% to 60%, in our market has also gone up by 45% to 60% 
for most players in the market. That is an input cost to us, largely on the 
non-proportion side the cost has gone up, the commissions that 
reinsurers give on the proportional side has gone down. So, it is a 
significant increase in cost.  
                                 Secondly, as you rightly said, that pricing is largely not mandated to be 
in line with the burning cost of the industry. So, individual companies 
can charge whatever they want to and hence there is a risk that the 
pricing can drop. Our sense is, that the new EoM regulation of course 
is there but at the end of the day finally it is within the overall combined 
ratio threshold for respective companies and we see EoM as a very 
positive development, in the sense that it is expected from the 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 29 
regulators that companies will use their expense of management even 
if they are below the threshold and those above the threshold have to 
bring it down to 30% within three years. So, that should drive positive 
behavior in our anticipation. So, that EoM I don’t see as a negative in 
this regard.  
                                
From the first two perspective, I think the way we are seeing the market 
in this first month, on the second issue in terms of rates coming down 
episodically, one or two cases have come down, but on aggregate the 
rates haven’t come down as much as we would be worried about. It has 
come down little bit but nothing material. Our sense is that usually April 
is a big month, gives a sense of where the market is headed and in 
future also we are not anticipating a major drop in commercial rates in 
the market simply because the industry cannot afford to. As you rightly 
identified on one side the cost has gone up and it is not as if the 
Combined Ratio for the industry was very healthy. So, I don’t think the 
industry has too much of a wherewithal to reduce prices much, maybe 
there are one or two episodic cases that will happen but not large scale. 
The last point that I would make is that, if certain companies go very 
aggressive on the property side and in effect end up burning their treaty, 
the reinsurance market with this hardening that we are seeing and the 
attitude hardening, in the sense that reinsurance don’t have appetite to 
give treaty capacity which you can keep burning. And that is what is 
seen in the market this year, right? So, if that happens, if any company 
does that, our sense is that in the next year they will find it very difficult 
to get proper treaty capacity. I think this year itself some companies 
may struggle, you know more will struggle if that happens. And if that 
happens I think we are on a better wicket because we have the capital 
and the solvency and the size to continue and the quality of the book 
that we have been writing and the discipline of underwriting we should 
stand to benefit. Our experience or our estimate for the year, we have 
been giving a guidance as a company that over the next two years we 
want to bring down combined ratio to 102, we are not changing the 
guidance in spite of this cost increase on the reinsurance side. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will move on to the next question. The next 
question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Few questions from my side. Firstly, could you highlight as to when this 
one off transaction happened in February, there would be some income 
and which line item does that income sits in? Secondly, is there some 
seasonality in motor TP loss ratios because in past three years we have 
seen Q4 being far more elevated than Q3 and in one of the fourth 
quarters you had mentioned that it was because of adverse judgments 
in that case. And thirdly, we have seen a sharp, good decline in terms 
of absolute cost for advertisement and publicity sales promotion, 
employee remuneration sequentially. So, what is the kind of run rate 
that we should think about from a full year perspective of next year? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Prayesh, on the one off transaction that is something that has 
happened in Q4 and this is what we did in line with what other market 
participants have been possibly doing it in the current year or maybe in 
the earlier years as well. Hence, it is a commercially viable transaction 
that we have kind of undertaken and  the outcome of the transaction will 
be reflected in the overall underwriting result when you look at the 
aggregate numbers. For the motor third party loss ratio trend line of 
seasonality between Q4, there is no specific seasonality that typically 
gets attached. So, for example if you recollect two years back which is 
in FY2021, at that point of time when we had possibly seen elevated 
levels of motor third party loss ratios being higher, we spoke to the 
market that we did see at that point of time incrementally new Supreme 
Court judgment that had come through in terms of defining the basis on 
which compensation will get paid to victims of accidents. And hence to 
that extent when we kind of evaluated that particular book, we obviously 
wanted to make sure that we did not know in which direction that would 
take shape as far as future settlements are concerned. But having said 
that given that we always followed a prudent approach to reserving, we 
obviously wanted to strengthen the reserves at that point of time. And 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 29 
hence to that extent you would have possibly seen an elevated Q4 
motor third party loss number. The last year again, this is more of a 
function depending on how things have come back in terms of 
normalcy, because last two years typically have been periods where we 
have seen in different quarters COVID experiences play out and the 
scale of operations will possibly also be a function of what kind of loss 
experience one exhibits. And thirdly, as we keep saying one should 
always look at particularly long tail line of businesses experiences,  
ideally over longer years, but definitely not on a quarter –on quarter 
basis. You should look at more on annual numbers as compared to 
looking at quarter –on quarter trend.  
                                  The last point of yours, we do kind of look at productivity and efficiency 
in the overall means of doing business and hence we had spoken about 
what Bhargav just mentioned where clearly the direction we want to 
take is to bring down the overall combined from the current levels of 
closer to 104 that we have been operating down to let us say to 102 
over the next two years and within that we are extremely focused on 
looking at every element of cost, whether it is the cost of doing business 
or any other investment that we are kind of looking through. So, in that 
sense it is not that there is any significant change, we continue to make 
investment in the health agency platform that we have spoken about. 
We continue to stay invested in digital and in line with our recent digital 
day that we had, which we  shared with all of you, we continue to stay 
invested in these various technology transformation projects as well. 
So, that is how we should look at in terms of the expense ratio of 
trendline. Nothing specific that is there at the one off so far as the Q4 
number is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shreya from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, most of my questions are answered. I have one doubt, basic doubt, 
the reinsurance that gets added to the gross direct premium and 
eventually it becomes gross premium written, is high for fourth quarter 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 29 
seasonally or because even last year fourth quarter it was a higher 
number, this year again it is a higher number, if you can help me 
understand this a bit? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, nothing unusual Shreya in that sense. The reinsurance inward is 
again an opportunity that one sees depending on how we are able to 
get businesses for a particular period. So, in general yes, there could 
be some kind of seasonality attached to it, for example you would see 
on the corporate side to be significantly heavy in Q1. In the retail to be 
significantly heavy in Q3. You may see Q2 and Q3 seasonality attached 
to crop. Maybe retail health for the matter of fact to some extent I would 
say attached to some seasonality in Q4 as well. So, hence there are 
different lines of businesses that exhibit seasonality and reinsurance is 
inward could be one of them. But at the end of the day whichever 
segment that we are talking about we obviously look at it from the 
ultimate lens of profitable growth. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, in the fourth quarter this is heavy because of health, is what you are 
trying to say, because commercial is mostly first one? 
Gopal Balachandran: Not necessarily. All that I am saying, all that I was referring to is 
different segments of businesses could have seasonality attached to it. 
As an example, I am not saying in the context of reinsurance inwards. 
Even on the direct side on retail health, you will possibly see Q4 to be 
slightly seasonally higher quarter. The reinsurance inward could be mix 
of business across different segments, it need not be necessarily only 
health. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Three questions. Firstly, what is the impact of this one off transaction 
on our Combined Ratio of 104.2% for the quarter? Secondly, what is 
the health agency GDPI in absolute terms for FY2023 and Q4 FY2023? 
And lastly, we have got access to HDFC Bank and Axis Bank. If you 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 29 
can share how is the progress there? What is the business which we 
have been able to source from these channels in FY2023 and Q4 
FY2023?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, let me take the third one. I think we are quite happy with as we said 
in the covering remarks, most of the distribution channels that we got 
through the merger with BAGI general insurance business, we are quite 
happy with the progress that we made. In those specific partners that 
you are talking about, the large banca partners that we have got in both 
these relationships we have increased the share of wallet, in fact month-
on-month, quarter –on quarter even during this year, vis-à-vis when we 
had announced the transaction till now, there is a significant increase in 
share of wallet. I will ask Gopal to answer the first two questions. 
Gopal Balachandran: Maybe I will take the second part first. In terms of the split of health 
GDPI that for the full year is at about Rs. 47.82 billion that is for FY2023 
and for FY2022 that number was Rs. 34.87 billion. On the point on the 
impact of Combined Ratio Nidhesh, the fact that it is a commercially 
viable transaction that’s why we have done that and hence it does not 
have any material impact so far as the overall combined ratio is 
concerned. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
There is minor positive impact of combined ratio that is the way we 
should look at it. 
Gopal Balachandran: That is correct. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And sir, on the health agency I was talking about health agency GDPI 
for FY2023 or FY2022, so Rs. 47.82 billion is total health GDPI, right? 
Health Agency GDPI I was looking for? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, the health agency GDPI for the full year at about Rs. 5.6 billion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 29 
Madhukar Ladha: 
First, on the regulatory EoM side, it now allows the differentiation 
between the SAHIs and General Insurers as far as the health business 
is concerned. So, SAHIs are allowed 35% but the General Insurers 
under aggregate level are allowed only 30%. Does that create some 
sort of an uneven playing field for the industry and for you? And second, 
I see that your investment income has improved considerably in Q4 and 
also if you look at the Q3 balance sheet versus Q4 balance sheet, the 
unrealized gains have dropped significantly from about Rs. 550 crores 
to about Rs. 213 crores. So, has there been an increase in realized 
gains in this quarter which has resulted in strong investment income 
performance?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, Madhukar, if you look at the EoM, I think principally any difference 
in arbitraging regulation is not something that is useful but I think SAHIs 
have a genuine problem in the sense that they are single product 
company. So, we can defray cost across multiple businesses, they 
can’t. When we look at the fact that it is a multiline company we write 
different type of businesses where the cost of distribution is lower. We 
don’t see a big disadvantage because SAHIs have 35% and we have 
30% because we have other products where the cost of distribution 
would be lower than let us say the health business. Even for us the 
health business would be higher but we have some advantage in the 
other lines of business. On the second question, on the investment side, 
Gopal you want to take it? 
Gopal Balachandran: Yeah, so if you look at on the mark –to market side, the drop from Rs. 
550 crores to Rs. 200 crores and in that context the point that you asked 
as to whether there is a significant increase in capital gains for this 
quarter vis à vis let us say quarter four of last year, so there is, in that 
sense there is not significant increase. If you look at Q4 of the current 
year, the capital gain stood at about Rs. 1.59 billion as compared to 
1.36 billion which was the capital gain that one had seen in quarter four 
of last year. To your other point on the quarter –on quarter increase in 
the overall investment income, that is exactly what we have been talking 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 29 
about to say that any increase in the interest rate regime, obviously 
augurs well for us given the fact that as the portfolio starts to get 
rebalanced in terms of mix of investment assets which gets invested at 
a relatively higher yield, you will start seeing on an incremental quarter 
maybe the interest income getting reflected appropriately. So, that is 
the only reason why you’ll see possibly the increase in investment 
income, otherwise there is nothing else that is attached to those 
numbers. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Just one more point to add to what Gopal said on the investment side, 
I think we we’re correct in expecting the interest rate movement in the 
market. At this point in time, it seems to be a correct decision where we 
increase the duration of the portfolio in the first half of the year and that 
is also playing out because of that interest rate chain that Gopal is 
talking about, we’ve been able to take advantage because we increase 
the duration of the portfolio in the first half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
I have two questions. One on the retail health side, could you talk about 
the investment opportunities that you are looking at going forward? 
Also, what these investment opportunities include and acquisition to 
drive the retail health and channel faster? And secondly on the URR, 
and if I look at it and compare it with a net written premium, then that 
ratio comes out to around 56% for FY2023, basically it has been around 
58%-59% previously, so it seems like you are booking more revenues 
in FY2023. So, how should I look at it? If you could give some clarity 
around that, that would be very helpful. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: I will take the first one. In terms of health retail as we have said that this 
is an area that we want to sustain our investment. We have talked about 
the manpower that we have added during this year and we have also 
said that we wanted to see the product would again come through. 
Clearly the signs are very positive. If you see our second half growth in 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 29 
retail health business, we are generally outperforming the market. 
Having said that, we don’t think that we reached the true level of 
productivity that we expect them to be. So, there is still some traction 
on the investments that we have made in terms of the improvement in 
the topline from that channel that we have added. What we have 
decided to do is, as we go through the year, we would look at how, and 
where we are reaching with that investment and we will opportunistically 
add more resources to ensure that the investment focus remains on 
building the distribution. As you have said over the last few years, our 
retail health market share is much lower than the average and our plan 
is to, endeavor is to over the years we have built it up, so that focus 
remains. With regard to acquisition, I do not want to get into specific 
conversation about any one segment or one specific company, I think 
we have always been saying that if there are viable opportunities in the 
market where an opportunity which gives us access to a new 
distribution or a new business, along with the reasonable size we are 
always open. But there is nothing specific that we are looking at this 
specific point in time. 
Gopal Balachandran: And to the third question on the URR, it is purely a function of earning 
the premiums over the contract period and there are certain lines of 
businesses which could possibly depict in some quarters maybe faster 
earnings. So, for example you will see, maybe the crop insurance 
segment typically operates for particular season, not that we are writing 
a very large proportion of that particular book, but in terms of any impact 
that one would see on the net earned premium, you could see some 
cyclicality attached to it. But otherwise, URR is purely a function of the 
way the portfolio gets earned over the contract period. And yes, if you 
had to see last year for example in FY2022 the overall growth was only 
about 4.7%, whereas if you look at our growth for the current year it is 
at about 17%.  So, that is again a factor that one will have to take into 
consideration when you look at earnings of URR over a period of time. 
In that sense nothing one off which is there in the part of the unexpired 
risk reserve block. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I wanted to understand what exactly you are going to do with the crop 
insurance business in FY2024 because this year is the last year for the 
AXA business what you acquired. So, given the EoM rules are around 
and if you intent to focus more on retail business which are Opex 
intensive, do we go little aggressive on the crop business in the current 
year?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, let me answer that. So, will we go aggressive on crop business just 
because of EoM flexibility? The answer is no. We had said at the 
beginning of or even last year, last couple of years, post the acquisition, 
we had said that we will continue to have some exposure to the crop 
business now given that overall market has improved. There are new 
schemes which are coming in and the capacity in the market which is 
the total number of players in the market has reduced. But we have 
been clear that it will be roughly about 4% to 5% of our business. That 
narrative does not change. We’re not changing any of those objective 
just because of EoM. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And given the reinsurance market as you highlighted have 
hardened and probably the commercial lines potentially could see a 
lower profitability in the current year because of the EoM rules. So, the 
glide path what you have mentioned that 104 combined gradually 
improving to 102 by FY2025, despite competitive intensity increasing in 
few profitable lines, you still continue to maintain that 102 by FY2025 
will be achieved or there could be a deviation there? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, that’s what we said earlier in the call, Sanketh, our objective hasn’t 
changed. Yes, while in commercial lines the profitability may not be in 
line with what we had in the past, but at the same time we have taken 
a lot of calls during the year which will play through in the future is our 
expectation. You know actions that you take now helps you in the next 
year. So, we are reasonably optimistic that we will continue to deliver 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 29 
on that glide path that we talked about it. When it comes to commercial 
lines also, I think one of the things which happens on the ground is that 
there is a lot of calls that are taken at the client level profitably. So, if 
you are making a bit of money in Fire, you may be a bit relaxed in pricing 
your Group Health or Marine because you are looking at an overall 
portfolio profitability. So, if lets  say Fire profitability comes down, the 
aggression in the Group Health should reduce. So, those are the 
expectation that we have and some of the changes we have seen in the 
Group Health side as we speak. We have not seen an improvement in 
Marine rates as yet, but overall, we believe that we will continue to 
manage commercial line business profitably. The Combined Ratio may 
deteriorate a little bit, but that is something that we will make up from 
the other lines of business, where this year was a stressed year in terms 
of Combined Ratio in some of those lines. Lastly, the health investment 
that we made, that was a cost which I think Gopal has been talking 
about in every call, as that channel becomes more productive, we will 
get some benefits there. Some of the channels that we got from Bharti 
Axa (BAGI) integration, there were early days of investment including 
some of the large distribution partners. Those are all beginning to come 
within reasonable numbers in terms of combined. So, all put together 
we’re reasonably confident about the numbers that we are talking 
about. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And last one, if you can give the Retail health loss ratio and Group 
health loss ratio for the quarter and for the full year and given the price 
hike you’ve taken 19%, I believe it is both for new and the renewal part, 
then can we expect a significant improvement in the retail health loss 
ratio because 19% hospital inflation look little unlikely. So, the benefit 
will be there in FY2024, is it safe to assume that way? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, the first part, Sanketh, as usual so far as Q4 Health GHI loss ratios 
are concerned that’s at 93.2% and so retail indemnity loss ratios for the 
quarter is at 61% and if you recollect, even in the last quarter when I 
think you had only asked what has been the loss ratios, we had kind of 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 29 
talked about saying that the group health will possibly end the year with 
a loss ratio of closer to about 95%. So, if you look at a full year basis, 
the GHI loss ratio stands at about 95% and the retail indemnity loss 
ratio stands at about 64%. So, that is the breakup so far as the loss 
numbers are concerned. Second point on the increase in the pricing, 
the increase in pricing is with respect to the renewal book and not the 
entire book. But to some extent there will be an improvement in the 
overall loss experience, but at the same time, as you rightly mentioned, 
there is always an element of health inflation that one sees and going 
ahead in FY2024 we obviously will also have to see what kind of a 
business mix that one is able to source. So, there are various factors 
that would influence the overall loss number. As we have said even in 
the past, in general, we believe the Retail Health Indemnity book should 
kind of operate at loss ratio range which will be between 65% to 70%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sanketh. I will request you to join the queue for a follow up 
question. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Singhal from Aspex 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Singhal: 
Just one question from my side. So, for the investment book that we 
have, what is the average maturity and  what is the difference roughly 
between the yield that we are realizing on the investment book right now 
excluding capital gains and the incremental yield we can invest by 
maintaining the same average duration?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, the duration of the book at the end of the year FY2023 was 4.99. 
This was slightly lower duration than what we had at the end of 9 month 
because in the month of March we had very good inflows into the 
portfolio, largely because the March numbers from a business 
perspective were positive and the corporate business some of the 
premium comes in. So, that money obviously was not invested as we 
didn’t have enough time to invest in the long duration bond. So, that is 
sitting on cash. So, hence the duration of portfolio was slightly lower 
than what it was as on 9 months. So, it is about 4.99 roughly about 5. 
YTM of the portfolio is carrying a yield of about 7.2%. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 29 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Wanted to know your thoughts on Motor Vehicle Amendment Act, are 
we experiencing the deal getting shorter and if that is so are we going 
to release reserves and that is considered into our target Combined 
Ratio? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: The short answer is no. It is not factored in our target Combined Ratio. 
We are still not assuming any change in the underlying pattern. As we 
spoke last time, what is happening on the ground kind of remains the 
same. We have had different judgments in different high courts. Some 
judgments in the favor of insurance industry, some judgments not so in 
favor of industry. So, what we are doing is, we are observing the trends. 
There are certain months where it seems like it is accelerating, certain 
months the data is not very clear. So, we have been saying, that we 
want to watch this data for some time. I think what we will have to see 
is, cases that have got reported with beyond the six-month period, 
obviously we are contesting all of that. We will have to see in the court 
how that plays through. But we are not assuming any benefit though 
we, even reasonably hopeful that in the longer term this will come, you 
know, the courts will rule in favor of the insurance industry because this 
is the law of the land. But at this point in time, we are not factoring 
anything in.  
                                   The second thing that you will remember in TP is that we have not seen 
a price hike, right? And in TP we assume a certain claim inflation as a 
norm, as a company and that claim inflation increase is something that 
we are continuing to assume for the coming year. So, not only are we 
not taking a benefit, but we are also assuming inflation in the TP claim, 
which is what we have been doing over the years. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. So, when will be the hike especially with the industry body which 
can happen, there were some media articles of change in formula 
towards the new pricing? 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 29 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Yeah, so let us wait for it to come through because this is of course 
something that the Central Ministry will have to give, so we must wait 
for something to come through. As of now we have no clarification about 
the increase or any formula change. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And second, my question is more on OPEX. Though optically it is to be 
much lower given the fact that reinsurers have been there, so fourth 
quarter last year also we had a lower OPEX on NWP, how should we 
think about it, in absolute amount also is actually lower, so, is it 
sustainable or do we think that this will jump up or it is a fourth quarter 
phenomenon, any color on that would be helpful? 
Gopal Balachandran: Sorry, I missed Neeraj, which element where you referring to? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
On Opex, wanted to know given the fact that it has gone down both 
absolute and in terms of percentage, percentage I understand is NWP 
is little lower given the higher use of inward, so might have been 
optically definitely lower, but wanted your thoughts on the sustainable 
amount in terms of absolute numbers? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Neeraj, again there actually we keep saying, you should again look 
at more the Combined Ratios of the overall operations because different 
segments again will exhibit break downs of that Combined differently. I 
mean there are portfolios which could be high on LR but relatively let us 
say lower cost of acquisition and conversely the other way round as 
well. So, obviously we will have to wait and see how the portfolio build 
up takes place in FY2024, but as we have said clearly the objective is, 
we would want to kind to stay on that glided path of combined coming 
down from 104 to 102 and secondly what we are seeing as encouraging 
signs, some of the investments that we spoke about particularly on the 
retail health agency franchise, those are starting to play out as you 
would have seen in let us say most of the recent months, our growth 
percentages have been even faster than even the standalone health 
companies. So, clearly those signs are being getting exhibited. But we 
continue to stay invested in building that franchise which will again 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 29 
mean expensing of cost upfront and the benefit of revenues coming 
through over a period of time. So, a better trajectory is to look at more 
the Combined Ratio, rather than looking at expense of management 
number on a standalone basis. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. So, can we expect this volatility in claim ratio to happen in the 
coming quarters as well, because it is I think much higher compared to 
what we were building in, but obviously as we mentioned that this is 
more to be looked at on the annual basis, just wanted to understand 
how one should look at it as 32% looks on the higher side? 
Gopal Balachandran: In general, if you look at it, I am just giving you a slightly broader range. 
I think if you look at the loss ratios, they have kind of stayed in the range 
of between lets say 70% to 75% in that kind of threshold. So, again as 
I said that is a function of depending on what segments of business is 
one able to see as an area of opportunity. And hence I mean very 
difficult to kind of tell you as to what could be the loss ratio number that 
we would be kind of working with. What we are largely targeting is the 
combined ratio threshold to come down to 102 over the next two-year 
period. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nischint from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint: 
I am looking at the advanced premium figures and for last couple of 
quarters this was actually not been going up but it has come down a 
little bit over the last three quarters. This was despite the fact that you’re 
actually growing faster in motor TP. So, I am just curious as to how 
should we look at this trend? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, if you look at, so Nischint, if you look at it in general, I think the 
relative growth for us on the overall motor has been kind of slightly lower 
than the market as what we have seen from public data and relatively if 
you see the growth on third party, a large part of the third party growth 
for us again, which is a thought through approach of increasing the 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 29 
commercial vehicles portfolio and there obviously the commercial 
vehicle portfolio is not a long term third party book, it is more on private 
car and two wheelers, where the portfolio typically has a longer-term 
tenure, commercial vehicle portfolio in the current context operates with 
a one year term and that is primarily the reason why you possibly do 
not see a significant change in the overall advanced premium numbers. 
As and when obviously we see the market coming back, as we have 
seen some early sign on the private car side, we should definitely 
possibly get to see the advanced premium numbers, maybe increasing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sorry, to interrupt you, Nischint. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will take that as the last question. I will now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for closing comments. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call so late in the evening and look 
forward to engaging with you over the next few days. Thank you again. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you, good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. April 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 29 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there 
 
 
 
