 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Corporate & Admin Office: 
“Shilpa House”, # 12-6-214/A-1, Hyderabad Road, 
Raichur – 584 135, Karnataka, India 
Tel: +91-8532-238704, Fax: +91-8532-238876 
Email: info@vbshilpa.com, Web: www.vbshilpa.com 
CIN: L85110KA1987PLC008739 
 
 
 21 February 2023 
 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building,  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Sub: Transcript of the Q3 Conference call 
Scrip Code: BSE- 530549/ Stock Symbol: NSE – SHILPAMED 
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 13th February 2023 & 16th February 2023 with regard to the 
Q3 FY23 Conference Call held on Wednesday, 15th February 2023 at 04.00 PM IST, please find the 
enclosed transcript of the call. 
 
 
For and on behalf of  
Shilpa Medicare Limited. 
 
 
 
Ritu Tiwary 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITU 
TIWARY
Digitally signed 
by RITU TIWARY 
Date: 2023.02.21 
13:27:53 +05'30'

: 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
Shilpa Medicare Limited 
Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 15, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shilpa Medicare Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and anyone who wishes to 
ask a question, may enter ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the 
queue, please press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, Siddharth. 
Siddharth R: 
Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the conference call hosted by the management 
of Shilpa Medicare Limited to discuss the quarterly performance for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2022, and the strategic initiatives that are underway. 
The management is being represented by Mr. Omprakash Inani – Chairman of Shilpa 
Medicare; Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada – Managing Director; and Mr. Alpesh Dalal – Chief 
Financial Officer. 
Mr. Vishnukant Bhutada would lead the discussion with thoughts on the business models 
and his perspectives on the strategy. He would be succeeded by Mr. Alpesh Dalal, who will 
spend some time discussing the financial aspects  
of the performance with you. There 
will be an opportunity for your queries to get answered at the end of those opening remarks 
from the management. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that certain statements made on today’s call could be 
forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard, has been captured in the 
conference call invitation which is available on the stock exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Vishnukant to take this discussion forward. Thank you. And 
over to you, Mr. Vishnukant. 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Thank you for joining us on today’s call to discuss the 3rd Quarter performance of Shilpa 
Medicare Limited and it’s operating and strategic development following my perspective. I 

: 
Page 3 of 12 
 
shall be followed by our CFO – Alpesh who will share the financial overview. At the end of 
our remarks, we will take the questions from the participants as earlier mentioned. 
We have built Shilpa Medicare to have the presence in multiple segments including API, 
Formulation, Oral Dissolving Film, and the Transdermal, and Biologics. I shall address each 
of this business respectively today. 
The most important business among all is the commencing of the API. So, we offer a wide 
variety of the products within the API Oncology, and Non-Oncology, Peptide, Polymer, 
CDMO and Intermediates. At its core our portfolio companies of complex Oncology products 
where we are the leaders in this particular products and high end on the Non-Oncology 
offerings. 
As on 31st December, '22, we had about 28 Onco APIs and 13 plus non-Oncology APIs in the 
market. And we have filed almost 224 Drug Master Files globally. Our products is available 
in the registered in the U.S, EU and rest of world market like Canada, Japan, Russia, LATAM, 
and China, including China. 
Within Oncology, we are continuously at work to further optimize processes in order to 
have the best product in the market. To enhance our capability and presence, in Non-
Oncology to bring the similar way of the growth like Onco, we have started introducing new 
molecules in Non-Oncology segments. We are recently commencing the two products 
Acetylcholine and the Phenylephrine apart from the Ursodeoxycholic acid also has been 
done. 
In the Peptides segments we have completed the two-products plant validation already. 
And next year almost another three to four products plant validation will be completed. As 
you know, Peptide is a very complex category. And I am proud of our team for 
commercializing the plant and scaling up these technologies. 
In CDMO, we are partnering MNCs for their high-end API requirement. And our research-
oriented approach is providing to be an asset as we grow our influence in the API industry 
further. In CDMO business we are getting number of inquiries, some of the inquiries has 
been crystallized and we are getting some repeated order also from our customers. These 
segments can be future growth segments, very less competition is involved in there. 
Next, I will speak on Formulation, where we have made inroads in the few years back. Over 
here, we are engaged in the production of the Liquid and Lyophilized injectable sterile dry 
powder and oral solids for the Oncology, building upon our capabilities in the domain. Our 
teams are also creating portfolio, the complex products where we have introduced number 
of new products we have produced, we launched already Pemetrexed RTU injection into 
the Europe and the Capecitabine dispersible tablet 1000 mg first time in the world, in India. 
Soon we will be able to register the Capecitabine 1000 mg also in Europe and other part of 
the world. 
Upon launch of the complex products, we are also going to launch Dr. Clot, it is a 
haemostatic spray in India, by April '23, which is again innovative product, which can be 
used in various segments including the Army, the dental surgery or any of these parts where 
the blood hemorrhage possibilities are there. This product is again a unique product, the 
first time in the world somebody has developed and we have worldwide patent for this 
Tranexamic acid spray which the name has been given as a Dr. Clot. 

: 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Our finished dosage from manufacturing facility at Jadcherla recently received the Health 
Canada GMP Approval which shows the quality of the unit which consistently we are 
following. After the USFDA inspection, we have completed the successful inspections of the 
various authorities including Canada and TGA and the various customers also. We have 
completed the remediation initiatives and have made the required submission through the 
authority. And we are waiting from the FDA to come and inspect our facility. 
Again, three products we are transferring from our site to the other site, just to have the 
risk mitigations. And next year probably we should be able to commercialize all these three 
products in the Oncology segment from the CDMO manufacturing site. 
Coming on to the ODF and Transdermal segments: 
Our combo line is operational. We have almost 18 to 20 products dealt in ODF and two to 
three products in Transdermal, we have completed this plant validations already has been 
done. We are proud to say that in the first instance itself we have received this UK MHRA 
approval for this ODF and Transdermal plant. And we have as on today we are 
commercializing now, we have registered our product in the U.S. and the five products we 
are soon going to commercialize in the U.S. the shipment has been already made to the U.S. 
And these are the nutraceutical products that all five products we should be able to launch 
in the coming years there. We are looking for the tapping of the new market in this category, 
where such technologies can bring in value addition in EU and ROW market. 
Within the Biologics we are gearing to launch the Adalimumab within India, recently we 
have received this SEC meeting approval also from the Government of India to launch the 
Adalimumab. The inspection is going to happen soon of our plant to give the license for 
Adalimumab launching. Commercial productions and all is geared up already for 
Adalimumab. This is the high concentration Adalimumab which we are proud to say that we 
are the only company during that time when we completed, now Alkem has also launched, 
but we are the only company where we have completed initially the successful of this in 
Phase 3 also. 
The product development takes a long time here. We believe we have an attractive portfolio 
here; shall we commercially launch these products in a coming two, three years depending 
on the regulatory products, including the Aflibercept, Abatacept and some of the like 
Tenecteplase, Bevacizumab, Darbepoetin, these are the molecules. Aflibercept recently we 
received the SEC meeting clearance to conduct the Phase 3 study, soon we are going to start 
the Phase 3 study for the Aflibercept. Abatacept still under the R&D and soon we will 
transfer to the plant. So, these are the unique molecules where the very few companies 
have developed these products. 
The uniqueness of our model is its differentiation where we are building strong niche in 
categories where we are dominant, namely in Oncology, our teams are working at 
developing new drug delivery systems to further drive advantage in the market place. The 
coming years will see the vastly transferred business mix with higher share of higher margin 
portfolio as we introduce new products. 
I just came to the conclusions of my perspective and shall be happy to invite Alpesh to move 
the discussion forward. Alpesh, over to you. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Good afternoon everyone, and we welcome you to our earnings call for quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December, '22. 

: 
Page 5 of 12 
 
I will briefly take you through all the financial performance during the periods that we have 
just…. So, in Q2 on a consolidated basis, it was a muted quarter for us with overall revenues 
at Rs. 265 crore as compared to Rs. 267 crore in the previous quarter. However, our business 
mix along with our efforts on bringing operational efficiencies have helped us improve our 
gross margins from 56% in the last quarter to 60% during this quarter. 
The company also undertook several cost rationalization initiatives which along with the 
improvement in our gross margin, resulted in improving our EBITDA to Rs. 34 crore which is 
about 12.8% of our revenue, from Rs. 16.6 crore, which was 6.2% of our revenues during 
last quarter. 
Now talking about the nine months performance, our overall revenues stood at Rs. 802 
crore as compared to Rs. 814 crore during the corresponding period last year, and gross 
profits stood at about Rs. 475 crore which was a margin of about 59%. 
Our EBITDA for the nine months stood at Rs. 79 crore on a consolidated basis that’s 9.9% on 
our top-line. 
And I would also like to quickly take you through our CAPEX that we have incurred during 
the quarter at the group level, since ours is a manufacturing focus company. So, in Q3 we 
have invested about Rs. 53 crore of CAPEX in various divisions, but predominantly about Rs. 
43 crore have been invested in our Albumin facility, and about Rs. 10 crore have been 
invested as maintenance CAPEX in our API and formulations plants. 
So, just a brief overview of our financial performance, I would like to now open a forum for 
Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, could you speak about the future potential of Shilpa Biologics based on the expected 
launches in the next couple of years? And if you could share some revenue post, that would 
be great? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, see as far as Shilpa Biologics is concerned, that is a business which has been under 
incubation for a while for us. It obviously is a fairly difficult segment to work in with product 
launches, the timelines around product launch is also you know are little difficult to 
determine. Whilst we would have our first product coming in pretty soon, for us to make or 
provide any revenue guidance would be difficult. But broadly what we are looking at in our 
Biologics business is that we have a pipeline of our products as Vishnuji had just mentioned 
a while back in his speech. So, we should launch our first product Adalimumab probably in 
Q1 or by the end of this financial year or in Q1 of the next year. That would be in the India 
market. 
We also have had an opportunity, or we have partnered with an international company. So, 
that would provide an additional boost to our efforts on the biological front. But obviously 
to efficiently use our plant, we also are looking at various CMO/CDMO kind of opportunities 
and certain discussions are in place for the same. So, I think we are working on various fronts 
as far as Biologics business is concerned. We are looking at as I mentioned, our own 
products, our own pipeline development, plus CMO/CDMO opportunities for which we are 
in discussion with various partners. 

: 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Pednekar, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
So, I wanted to know going forward like two, three years down the line when the business 
stabilizes and we see some growth, what kind of operating margins are you targeting? And 
if you can give us a broad guideline on where the revenues could be like four, five years 
down the line that would be nice? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
See as far as operating margins are concerned, as you would have seen across the globe 
that all the pharmaceuticals companies and especially pharmaceutical companies in India 
are going through challenging times as far as pricing pressures are concerned. So, that does 
put pressure on our current operating margins. Having said so, what we are looking at is 
that we are looking at bringing in efficiencies at plant level for various products that we 
manufacture, right. We are also looking at introducing various complex products that can 
improve our margins. And we also are constantly looking at various cost containment 
measures that we need to work on. So, all these things put together we are trying to 
maintain the operating margins that we have got and would look for improving the margins 
based on commercialization of some of our opportunities which we have not yet been able 
to commercialize. 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
If you see the currently we are doing only API and some of the formulations we are doing it. 
Now the shifting of this completion of all of our FDA, what are the compliance and all need 
to be completed, we have done all these things. So, with this Canada getting approved, 
various customers are site transfer; in API segments, Peptide is going to be completed, 
CDMO business is going to start. In the Biologics some of these molecules we are going to 
launch. In Film Formulations our inspections of the approvals of the line is already 
completed. Some of the products we are already shipped to the U.S. and the other markets. 
So, now in each of the segments we have almost at this stage where except the API and the 
formulation which was a matured business and that also we are trying to see that how 
effectively we can maintain our margins though there is a price pressure like introducing 
the new products, complex products in the CDMO, Polymer, Peptides, where there is not 
much competitions, and the margins can remain --. So, this is what we are trying to -- into 
the segment. 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
So, four, five years down the line, do you see the company doing like double the revenue 
that it is doing today and with an operating margin of 30%, is that possible with the kind of 
new products that we are envisaging? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
So, answering your question, the segment which we are there, and the products mix of what 
we have it including the API, Formulation, and the other all, the possibilities of whatever 
you are saying is definitely there. Doubling the revenue in three, four, five years is definitely 
possible, so I don’t see that there is any reason why it is not possible. So, possibilities are all 
there, rather we should do much more than what we are thinking. So, I think to answer your 
specific question, possibilities are definitely there. 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
And just a last question, whenever we shortlist the product, does the company have a 
cutline on the gross margins that okay, we are going to do, we are going to target a specific 
product only, if the gross margins like let’s say more than 60% or something like that, is 
there some, does the management have some targets as to pick a product on the certain 
gross margin rate? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
See I can tell you that in API, Onco and like Peptide, Polymer, these possibilities are there. 
When we are launching Non-Oncology molecules, and once we will initially were to launch 

: 
Page 7 of 12 
 
it in the India, and the way which we have approvals and the customer reputations what we 
have it due to that we will be able to launch globally all these molecules, Non-Oncology 
molecules, and then it get increase. We specifically targeting a 60% gross margins and all, 
we have to see the case-by-case. But what we are seeing in each of the molecules, whether 
it is in API or in a Formulation or in Transdermal patches and all, we are trying to see that 
there is a very limited competitions are there, even if the competitions are there, how we 
can overcome on that, and what is the -- where our product is differentiated in this and we 
should, I will give example of Capecitabine -- 
Yes, I was just explaining, how differentiation we are bringing in each of the product, just 
classic example, is the Capecitabine, Capecitabine dose is 1 gram, normally the cancer 
patient takes it, it’s 1 gram, but still today, nobody was able to develop this 1 gram tablets 
as on today. What we have done is, we have not only developed 1 gram tablet, but we have 
make it dispersible also. So, whenever there is a cancer patients are there, they will be able 
to take it including either orally or they can just disperse into water and take it. So, each 
product like Pemetrexed, Pemetrexed also we have made first time in the world, RTU, 
ready-to-use product. And various products whatever we are making is including the API, 
Formulations, or in the Film Formulation or Transdermal also whichever the products we 
are taking it we are seeing that what unique mix we can bring it into the market, where of 
course the patient compliance and the second one is a cost effectiveness, third one is the 
acceptability of the market in this. These are all things we are seeing it, then only judiciously 
we are selecting the product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move on to the next question from the line Badri Vishal from Bajaj. You may 
go ahead, please. 
Badri Vishal: 
The real picture of what you have given, way going forward for four to five years and your 
products, clearly explain and your efforts should be materialized as told as expected. But if 
I go by Q3 and nine months consolidated result, the margins have fallen by almost 10%, 
revenue segment is flat quarterly, and I doubt as per my auditors, you may be closing this 
financial year around Rs. 50 crore to Rs. 60 crore loss. So, one thing goes that, is our Board 
equipped with technical and our segment experts who can guide, because I have seen there 
are 18 subsidiaries in different places around the world. We have three joint ventures, out 
of which already your auditor in your audit report has given that 11 subsidiaries are in losses, 
you have indicated the losses. 
So, there has to be some thinking at the Board level, what is the risk management. Your 
CAPEX, yes it is fine, shareholders has approved, because it is good for the company. But 
what is the outcome, your market cap has fallen to half from Rs. 4,500 crore to today around 
Rs. 2,000 crore. Now you have mentioned in your approval, Canadian approval, but you 
have not mentioned approval after the warning letter 2020 from USFDA, what you have 
done. There are multiple allegations by USFDA which till date none of the con-call has 
mentioned what you have done to USFDA for rectifying the shortfall and preventive actions. 
But nothing is there in that guideline. So, it is a serious matter, okay. 
I have asked to Company Secretary, one when you got Canadian approval, but she 
misguided. I have put specifically how much is the market share, our total revenue expected, 
after these approvals? Then she referred to some junk related target. So, it is not fair on 
your part. 
Now the thing is, it is a serious matter that our market share is falling and lot of 
improvement is there, lot of products you are including, but there is some lacking at the 
Board level, they have to take a serious decisions, otherwise shareholders confidence is day-

: 
Page 8 of 12 
 
by-day decreasing. So, all these says that you have to do the SWOT analysis; just not telling 
that we are doing this, this, this and all. At least so many joint ventures and subsidiaries you 
have to think over them and decide on that. Rest all, I wish better future and expect your 
way going forward what is in pipeline. Thank you. 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Thanks for your honest opinion, whatever you are saying, I will just update you on this, we 
have never updated on USFDA is wrong. I personally feel we are updating every time what 
is happening on USFDA. Just to once again reiterate, all this third party inspections from the 
various USFDA ex-inspectors has inspected our facility, they have seen all this CAPA and 
whatever we are putting it into the place, the data integrity issues has been all verified by 
these various auditors. They will see all retrospective review of our all ANDA which has been 
approved or going to be approved, is there any data integrity, micro, sterility issues are there 
in our plant or not. 
These are all efforts for two years we have completed only. And I am proud to say that none 
of these inspectors or none of this consultant or none of so-called experts has even given 
one line about our plant on data integrity issue or recalling of the ANDA or on a sterility 
compromise or on a micro compromise. So, I can say you one thing that FDA doesn’t, you 
know leave you as it is, they will ask you to do all this retrospective review in detail. And it’s 
a painful points for this, but at least we are happy and we have given all this inspection 
reports and all we have to submit including full-stop and comma, we have to submit to the 
FDA whatever the third party is giving the report. So, you cannot edit and submit it to the 
FDA. We have to submit this whatever third party gives this report including full-stop and 
comma. 
So, answering the question that whatever we are doing on FDA compliance and all, well it 
cannot be done immediately, see it needs to be done on a very proper way, the scientific 
way whatever they are suggesting. We are doing all these things and submitted to the FDA. 
The second one is on the subsidiary; all the subsidiaries whatever we are putting in various 
countries, these are required for, because we are putting this our BD guys in that particular 
country. There we are putting like in Spain, in Australia, Austria or in Dubai or in Canada or 
in the other market, please note that these are the subsidiaries or these are our companies 
are if we want to register the product, in this particular country on our own name then you 
must have your own subsidiary. So, that is the reason why these are all majority of 
subsidiaries are formed because of this. And of course, there will be loss in that, until and 
unless once you file it, get registered and launch in that particular market then only there is 
a profit is bound to come, because till then we are paying our registration fees from that 
particular entity only and we are making the payments to all our employees, those who are 
stationed there from that particular subsidiary. 
The third thing which you are asking is the, whatever we are saying and it may not, the 
happening or not happening, please understand the field in which you are working I 
understand your pain, the market cap has fallen from Rs. 4000 crore to Rs. 2000 crore but 
trust me that we are making all our efforts to bring the glory of the whatever we have lost 
it. Of course, I agree that Biologics is the only pain point in our company currently, rest all is 
there, I personally feel that we will definitely grow. And in this also if you take the, we work 
it on Recombinant Albumin project is now already under commissioning now. And this is a 
very unique project we are bringing it to the country. It is a very high value as well as the 
very shortage products all over the world and lifesaving products required for the country. 
So, once this project is commissioned into the country by 2024/2025 I think this is also very 
unique project we are bringing it to the country. 

: 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Alpesh Dalal: 
As far as the Board is concerned, I would request that you have a look at the Board 
composition that we have got. We have got industry stalwarts as part of our Board. We have 
got a financial expert as part of our Board, we have got HR expert as part of our Board, and 
these are professionals who have come and joined us. 
As Vishnuji was mentioning you know the ex-Vice Chairman of Lupin Dr. Kamal Sharma has 
joined our Board, few months back. We have got Mr. Arvind Vasudeva who has got 
significant industry experience and expertise; he used to be the Managing Director of 
Aurobindo, before this thing. Then we have got from finance fraternity we have got Mr. 
Hetal Gandhi on our Board. And we have also got HR expert Dr. Anita Bandyopadhyay. So, 
these are all Independent Directors who have come and joined our Board recently in last 
one, one and a half years’ time. They are regularly interacting with us, they are obviously 
guiding us in the right direction and they are also helping us take the corrective measures 
that we need to take post some of the challenges that we have faced. 
Obviously as you would also appreciate that some of these efforts they require time and 
they don’t happen overnight, right. So, we need to provide some time and be a bit more 
patient with the way things are lining up. And as you rightly pointed out that the Board 
should be discussing, the Board does discuss the strategy, Board does guide us on way 
forward and all. And we are taking actions based on their guidance. 
Badri Vishal: 
You are right, your proactive action I appreciate sir, but as far as my thing goes as per the 
knowledge of your Board level some are including Chairman he is no way connected to 
pharma, okay. Now there are four Independent Directors, correct. My submission is you can 
strengthen the Board it is not limited up to 15 you can go. So, you can strengthen the Board, 
do the SWOT analysis and risk management and accordingly you can strengthen and have 
it, because it is a slow decay for the past two years, downfall. Somewhere something is 
lacking, one thing I can tell is, this company depends only on one CEO, MD he his directive 
and whatever goes is okay, rest all I don’t know how they are taken care; it is open. 
Second thing is, the MD has told just now, but in his concall even last quarter comes out, 
there is no USFDA work, CAPA work corrective action and preventive action there is no thing 
just going on, it is almost two years from 2020 warning letter 320 has come in 2023 came 
about CGMP. And now lot of allegation in the USFDA file is there that we ignored multiple 
customer complaints, which should be informed to USFDA. So, all these things, 
shortcomings may pull down our reputation. 
And when I am asking a company as an investor, where I have put my stake in this, that 
when you got the approval from Canada, how much is the market share, how much is the 
revenue you are getting, nothing is there, that’s how they are keeping silence. Even for this 
particular concall I have to fight because there is CDR has given wrong link and because of 
this I have to fight and the Company Secretary has to do. Still they doesn’t understand what 
is the problem. So, please look into that -- Board, take in proactive action and whatever is 
in pipeline, all the best for you, thank you very much. 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
We will definitely see that your hard-earned money whatever you have put in the company 
and keeping your trust on us, we are trying to see that all expectations of our all 
shareholders even small or bigger, we are committed to see that you should get suitable 
reward on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from Oneup Financials. Please 
go ahead. 

: 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Just one question, what is the net debt as of December 2022? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
Net debt was Rs. 775 crore at the group level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Pednekar, individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
I understand that Biologics is like a longer gestation period business. If you can just throw 
light on, once the CAPEX is complete what kind of operating margins we will be able to gain 
on the Biologics business. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, first thing, I think CAPEX of Biologics is completed, it has already been completed. 
Biologics unit, which is at Dharwad, we are not incurring any further CAPEX over there, this 
is part I. 
Part II as far as the operating margins are concerned see typically it ends up becoming a 
volume game where the traction that you get in the market, not necessarily volume, but the 
traction that you get in the market, that determines a lot of things. Products per se have 
higher gross margin, higher operating margins as well. But these are difficult products to 
market as well, so depending on the traction that one is able to generate in this field, in the 
bio-similars also the number of markets where you are able to reach out and partner with 
various people to market your product, would determine the overall profitability. So, there 
is, as Vishnuji was mentioning it has been a pain point for us, Biologics, but it also, when it 
starts doing the right or start getting regular flow of products as well as partnerships in 
various markets and all, it can also end up becoming lucrative business. So, at this stage to 
provide any numbers or any guidance specifically, is a little difficult but as I mentioned that 
from a potential perspective that can go or work 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
Just a question again on the Biologics part, you said that the CAPEX is complete on the 
biologics business, what is delaying the product to the market? I think I heard that the first 
product is going to be out in 24/25 so -- 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
‘23/’24 only not ‘24/’25. 
Pankaj Pednekar: 
So, since the CAPEX is complete what is delaying the product launches? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
No, nothing there are some government procedures that are involved. Once it is approved 
then they come for inspection, they issue the license. So, these are only procedural issues 
are pending, rest all is done. The approval from the Government of India is already received, 
only some procedural work they are now trying to complete it, which hopefully we should 
be able to complete within this 31st March and April we should be able to launch the 
product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question from the line of Tushar from Emkay Venture. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: 
I joined slightly late so maybe this has been covered before, but if you can give update on 
the progress of Albumin clinical trial part as well as on the asset monetization side, I believe 
we had appointed some merchant banker for the API business. If you can update on both 
these please? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
On the asset monetization part, I will take up. See that’s the process that we had mentioned 
that we have appointed O3 to look at various funding opportunities for us in the API 

: 
Page 11 of 12 
 
business. At this stage, I can only say that the work is on, we are in discussion with few 
people. And it would be a little premature for me to provide further details on that, of the 
kind of stuff that is going on over there, but the process is on, is what I can say. 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
The Phase 1 already we have received the government clearance to start the Phase 1 study. 
I think the batches are under manufacturing and hopefully next year we should be able to 
start the trials also and we should be able to complete the trials also next year. 
Tushar: 
Next year meaning next financial year? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Yes, ‘23/’24 I mean to say. 
Tushar: 
So, I think the earlier target, the intention was to have the exhibit batches ready by Jan and 
early February, so we are running a bit behind schedule, you would say in this? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Maybe one or two months not more than that, but I think the complexity of this particular 
product it is not very far, but we are at the verge of completion of all these things. 
Tushar: 
So, whatever issues if any have been resolved and we are actually manufacturing the exhibit 
batches already for the trial or is that going to start? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
No, we already started it, so you have to complete all this, I will not be able to tell more 
technicality in this, but I can tell you that the ‘23/’24 certainly will start and we will complete 
also the study, that much I can tell you. 
Tushar: 
And on the newer segments Peptides, even Transdermals for that matter, just some more 
timelines as to the monetization, it was discussed but maybe if you can give --? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
The Film Formulations and this one is already we have mentioned that we have registered 
already some of this nutraceutical products in U.S. and already shipped the goods also there. 
And the other products whatever we are trying to do it in a Transdermal and all, see our, 
some of this, the clinical trials also has been started, some of this, very complex products 
we are taking and some of this has been pilot bio and all has been started. I think next year 
definitely we should have good revenue in this film formulation and Transdermal plant also. 
Peptide as I mentioned that we are completing this validation batches in the plant. And once 
we complete the validation batch then we will start selling this in a Peptide it is not easy to 
sell also, because very few people take this particular product, but by seeing drug master 
file and once we submit all these things to the authorities, we are sure that the peptide 
business will come in ‘24/’25. 
Tushar: 
And on the Biologics CDMO side, if you can qualify further some of the opportunities please? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Yes we are seeing all opportunities, it is not only the CDMO or launching on our products, 
developing some of the, again some complex products and these are all multiple 
opportunities we are trying to see. Biologics is a very different field where a little long 
gestation period is there, authorities also taking its own time to approve and then to start, 
to manufacture, get it you know released, these are all procedural, lot of issues are there in 
this. Otherwise it is not like normal formulations in the API, where even after manufacturing 
we need to follow several procedures in this. And these are the initial glitches there. Once 
we launch one product probably then it will be easy for us also. 

: 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Tushar: 
Just if I may ask one last, quickly on the API business, I think we were facing some pricing 
pressure on one of our leading Onco-molecule, where are we in terms of the overall 
competitive scenario on those molecules? Just help me with the non-Onco side also 
qualitatively what are we doing in terms of new molecules? 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
Non-Onco portfolio is growing good, probably you are seeing from our presentation also 
that the molecules which we were able to launch into the market is getting its acceptance 
though there are multiple manufacturers are there, because of our quality consistency and 
filing into the now --. Initially now we are selling only in India, till we get the registration in 
all other global CET, in EU and all, USDMA also we are filing it. So, each molecule will 
definitely grow once we get this various countries approval, till then we are doing good into 
the non-Oncology segments. Which are the molecule like Acetylcholine or Phenylephrine, 
Ursodeoxycholic acid all these three molecules are going good. 
Tushar: 
And on Onco side, because even quarter-on-quarter this time as well in oncology… 
Vishnukant Bhutada: 
These are almost the same flat, but we are not degrowing in that. 
Tushar: 
But when do we start seeing some growth in the Oncology segment or what is the outlook 
for that segment in say for Q4 and next year? 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, see as far as Oncology business is concerned see what happens is that a lot of it is tender 
driven, market in various international places. Now you know typically what happens is that 
this tenders come up towards the end of December or early January. And based on the 
tender wins by our customers we end up seeing traction in Q4, right. So, if you look at 
historically also our Q4 results end up being better than the other quarters. So, again, when 
you see this maybe going forward in this quarter you should start seeing traction back in the 
Oncology business. But it will have those cyclical ups and down, that will happen over there. 
These are for tendered, for non-tendered business and all there is consistency that happens, 
and that is the business that continues on a regular basis. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further question, I would like to hand the conference over to the 
Management, for closing comments. 
Alpesh Dalal: 
So, thank you all. Thanks for joining us and for your interest in our company. As we have 
mentioned during the call also as we have mentioned during the call also that as 
management team we are trying to look at various opportunities to improve the overall 
operations and all. And we look forward to your continued support going forward as well. 
So, with that I would like to end this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. 
No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
 
