 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
             National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department                                   Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,                                                  Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers,  
 
             Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
             Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
 
 
             Scrip Code: INDHOTEL 
Scrip Code: 500850 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of IHCL Capital Market Day 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the                                  
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of IHCL Capital Market Day held on May 11, 2023. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at: 
 
https://www.ihcltata.com/CapitalMarketsDay/11May2023/TranscriptFY2023-24/ 
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
 
 
BEEJAL DESAI  
Executive Vice President  
Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary (Group) 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKU
MAR DESAI
Digitally signed 
by BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKUMAR 
DESAI 
Date: 2023.05.16 
17:58:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited  
 
Capital Markets Day 
Thursday May 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Management : 
  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal, Managing Director & CEO  
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi, Executive Vice President & CFO 

    
Capital Markets Day 
2 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Welcome by Team IHCL: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.  Thank you all for joining us today for the 5th 
Annual Capital Market Day of IHCL.  We would like to extend a warm welcome to 
everyone present in this room and those joining us virtually from across the globe.  
Before, we start the event as a matter of good practice, we would like to show you 
the security brief right now.  AV please. 
(AV Playing) 
We will now commence with a presentation by our Managing Director & CEO, IHCL, 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal and Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi our Executive Vice President & CFO, 
IHCL.  I would like to take this opportunity to invite Mr. Chatwal up on the stage 
please. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal – MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd: 
Good afternoon, everyone.  Wonderful to see so many people.  This is our 5th capital 
market day.  I remember a few years ago, we hardly had 15 or 20 people sitting in 
here, so the numbers keep increasing just like our occupancies are increasing in our 
business and the seats in the aircrafts are getting more and more occupied.  Let me 
start the day with our presentation which is titled as aspiration when coupled with 
execution creates superlative performance and that's the journey we embarked 
upon, the journey of aspiration, which we called Aspiration 2022, which we officially 
announced in the month of February 2018.  We did quite well for six consecutive 
quarters and then COVID hit us and aspiration had to be stopped and reset was 
launched, which was called Reset 2020 and as a reminder that Reset stood for 
revenue growth excellence in operations because those days we were very occupied 
with just sanitizing and following the COVID protocol. 
The SET, that follows is something we are very proud of because that started our 
journey of finding the right cost base for the company the S was for spend 
optimization, the E was for effective asset management, and T was for being thrift 
and financially prudent.  Sometimes when you go through a crisis it doesn't feel 
good, you're demoralized, your revenues are zero, but in hindsight I think that 
enabled us to accelerate the speed of change that we badly needed towards our 
goals and that's how a company which was traditionally at 15%-16% EBITDA margin 
was able to give a guidance under Ahvaan 2025 of 33%, more than doubling of that 
margin and when we started Aspiration 2022, a lot of people thought getting to 25 
was a very stretched target, some even said you will never get there. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
3 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
So, I think that's the setting of the context on how we did, what we did, the good 
news is we started in 18, so when COVID hit us we were already in that journey and 
had we started then it would have been very, very difficult.  We did promise 
profitability, but we did not promise record performance and we delivered record 
performance and these figures say it all.  Our enterprise level revenue that means it 
includes revenue from all management contracts.  As you all know, we reported 
5,950 odd crores as consolidated, but enterprise level revenue reached 11,000 
crores, which was a 1.5X increase.  Later in the presentation, you will see where all it 
was coming from.  We crossed 1000 crore in our profit after tax.  We had more than 
1000 crore free cash flow.  The company which was always you know kind of pushed 
with the pressure of debt for several decades was able to talk about free cash flows 
and consistently including in the months that has gone by and our market cap 
increased 50,000 crores.  So, almost five years ago 17/18, it was at around 13,000 
crores, so it's almost 4X increase from where we were at that point of time. 
Each quarter was a record quarter.  Quarter one was the best quarter ever, best 
quarter one in the history.  Quarter two was the best quarter two and that saga 
continued and we hope that this will continue.  Also, this year at least, there is 
nothing that makes us believe that the Q1 will be different than the Q1 of last year.  
Obviously, Q3 being an absolute record in terms of EBITDA, in terms of PAT, and we 
did announce that our Q3 PAT itself was higher than the best full year financial result 
in the history of the company. 
Moving on to the next slide, which says our RevPAR growth premium.  We were 
always commanding a premium because of the strength of the Taj Brand which is 
really the backbone of the company.  This used to be around 40%, it moved to more 
than 70% versus what the industry is doing and this really has happened as I said, I'll 
keep talking about some of the initiatives that we have done by premium premising 
our portfolio that means a lot of hotels which were not renovated were renovated, 
were repositioned, were rebranded.  Our brand itself were reimagined that's The 
Ginger, The Vivanta.  A new one was introduced like SeleQtions.  Even if we 
introduced new businesses like Ama or Qmin, in their own market segment in order 
to stay relevant they had to be perceived as the most premium offering to the 
competitors that were there. 
Obviously, we had the strong brand equity of Taj that really, really helped us.  You'll 
see that in the later slides.  Our market share kept increasing.  All our companies 
were doing exceptionally well or there they call it firing on all cylinders and our smart 
renovations.  So, some of the iconic assets have a lot of space and we have never 
thought of sweating the assets in the way we have done that in the last few years, so 
it keeps coming back to spend optimization, effective asset management, and by 
being thrift and financially prudent.  From the debt which we spoke about at the 

    
Capital Markets Day 
4 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
peak of COVID more than 3,000 crores getting to almost 1000 crore net cash positive 
and obviously also in the free cash flows.  So, we have one debenture that needs to 
be paid off in June for which the QIP monies were allocated that will happen before 
the end of June and after that you know we will stay net cash positive, we have no 
plans to take on any further debt. 
One thing which we promised was unleashing the potential of our entire brand 
scape.  So, we reimagined the brand scape and started delivering performance 
across all brands.  I don't know how many of you remember, so we have the hotels, 
we have the restaurants, we have the spa, we have the saloons, and a lot of this got 
reimagined and renewed, and a lot of changes were made to all the brands except 
for the Taj.  The reason being Taj was the most iconic, but was getting disturbed by 
putting under Vivanta by Taj, the TGH; The Gateway Hotel also very cleverly through 
some owners became Taj Gateway Hotels or Taj Khazana or Taj Salon you know all 
this was not working and we consciously embarked on the journey of house of 
brands versus one branded house. 
Ladies and gentlemen, it was a very tough decision because people really wanted 
everything to stay Taj, but everything would stay Taj then nothing would change and 
change does not happen that easy or by itself, so in order to deliver on that promise, 
in order to bring that change, in order to become what we had set out to become 
being the most iconic and most profitable hotel company from South Asia, the time 
to change had been long overdue and thankfully it happened before COVID hit us 
and we continue to invest in our brands.  You know it's not that we just changed the 
names, every change in name needed further investment, needed a different value 
proposition, and the results were obvious.  Taj itself went from 4,600 crores to 8,000 
crore revenue and Taj’s contribution to revenue increased to almost 72%. 
Now, there is a little story behind it and that you see on the right of the slide 
because 41 Taj hotels plus nine in pipeline, which was 50 became 81 + 19 in pipeline 
which means 100.  Doubled the size of hotels in operation plus more than double the 
size of hotels in pipeline.  A lot of the hotels were new, but almost 25 got upgraded, 
which for whatever reasons in the past right or wrong had been downgraded and 
were not Taj anymore.  So, you'll see in another chart which will come later how the 
migration happened, so the Taj brand was put back on some iconic assets like Fort 
Aguada, like Fisherman's Cove, like Taj Mahal Lucknow, like Holiday Village, and it 
was done just in time because when COVID came and we had faced openings, most 
of these properties, most of these assets were helping us in the revival and in the 
survival phase of the sector and today with the renovation, with the business being 
back they're helping us after the survival and revival in the thrival part of the 
business. 
So, we are thriving at the back of Taj, but a lot of that revenue has been displaced 
from other brands came here and was able to charge premium which made Taj 

    
Capital Markets Day 
5 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
much stronger, but the story did not stop, all other brands continued to grow also, 
so within SeleQtions, which is very recently launched, in four years of its launch two 
years we have had almost a lockdown, in two years the brand has grown to 31 
properties, and Vivanta despite all the migrations to Taj is also at a portfolio of 47 
and total operational hotels being 48 in these two brands.  Enterprise revenue 
contribution of these brands is at a minimal, is at 16% of the total revenue, but it's 
quite a solid number given that the brands have been cleaned up and have done 
well. 
I come to one of our favorites would become everyone's favorite is the story of 
Ginger, which is just beginning.  So, the story of ginger is beginning because the 
name is old, but everything else that you see in ginger is totally reimagined and more 
than 50% of the portfolio is lean lux.  Ginger did a revenue of 300 crores an EBITDA 
of 120 crores, and I think something which we are really looking forward to is 
unfortunately delayed because of COVID, because of construction stop our flagship 
Ginger opening inside the cruise on 1st of October of this year, not next year – it is 1st 
of October this year and this brand is also grown in number of hotels and operation.  
Despite the fact that we let go of many contracts, which we did not renew because 
they were damaging the brand.  So, the Rail Yatri Nivas kind of proposition is not the 
new ginger positioning, so we had to let them go and some others also which were 
really hurting, so this number that you see and also in the coming slides we'll see is 
about the net growth of the portfolio. 
Something, which nobody really talked about so much till 5-10 years ago is the flight 
kitchen business.  We have 50% with our joint venture partners SATS, they are 49, 
today TajSATS is 58% market share and the revenues hit almost 650 crores at a 20% 
margin.  20% margin in flight kitchen business is a very good margin, typically the 
margins in this sector would be between 6% to 15% depending where one would be 
and we expect to grow this business exponentially also leveraging the group's 
energies, which will come through the airline sector in the future with the addition 
of the routings and the fleet craft as you have all read in the newspapers and 
hopefully we will be the chosen or the preferred catering partner for hospitalities in 
the sky and average number of meals served per day from TajSATS is 100,000, I 
mean that's a very big number.  Not only that, we also at the same time started 
unleashing the potential of our strong existing F&B brands as well as added some 
new brands. 
So, if you look at the top you have House of Ming, The Classic Golden Dragon is also 
a classic Chinese in Mumbai and we have Ming Yang in this hotel from where we are 
making this presentation, we have Bombay Brasserie and we had let's say Shamiana.  
There are many more, but today you will find the Shamiana also in Dubai, you'll also 
find the Machan in Bhopal or at the Taj Westend, you'll also find House of Ming in 
Bhopal or in London.  There is a soft launch of House of Ming that has happened in 

    
Capital Markets Day 
6 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
our property in London, the official launch is later this month in the last week, so 
that is taking our iconic F&B brands also to other destinations. 
What was Bombay Brasserie as one standalone in London, opened up in Taj in Dubai, 
then at Taj in Cape Town, now we are converting the restaurant in Campton Place 
which is San Francisco as a Bombay Brasserie plus we are adding hopefully in other 
destinations Bombay Brasserie also as a standalone concept.  So, hopefully very soon 
we'll be able to share that news also internationally. House of Nomad opened its 
second outlet in Goa.  Seven Rivers opened the second outlet in Goa, all next to the 
Holiday Village.  We also launched Loya, which is our new F&B concept and got the 
rights for not just Seven Rivers, but also of Paper Moon, which is an Italian concept 
which we also launched at Fort Aguada in Goa.  Not just that, we also were very 
blessed to have a wonderful spa platform and a brand called Jiva. 
Now, Jiva had its limitations, so it has you know kind of transition into J The Wellness 
Circle, which keeps the elements of the look and feel of Jiva.  It has all those services, 
but this is a brand which we own, now 100% and there is no dispute.  There was 
some dispute on Jiva, which was not making it easy for us to merchandise the way 
we would have liked to merchandise the Jiva brand and the Jiva brand under the J as 
the newly reimagined and repositioned spa brand will talk more holistically about 
the Wellness circle that is created and is a key learning coming from the pandemic 
for all of us.  Other new businesses albeit small, these are businesses for future.  We 
created them only through incremental cost and on incremental revenue model.  
Now, we have started pushing these, that's our homestay with Ama and Qmin, 
which is also growing very, very aggressively both as a Qmin Shop, Store, Qmin QSR, 
and Qmin as a home delivery business. 
Some of you might be surprised to know Qmin is QSR is already in 34 outlets, half of 
them, 17 of them are in Ginger as the all-day dining concept, which has been 
specially made to fit in Ginger.  So, every Ginger Hotel over a period of next two 
years will also have Qmin.  We also very nicely internally call it, the Qminization of 
Ginger because the Ginger sits in Roots Corporation and the names which were not 
thought of scientifically, but just happened as an evolution Ginger and Qmin 
rightfully belong together under the umbrella of Roots and this is a slide I was talking 
about 17/18.  If you look at Taj, the enterprise level revenue was 4,000 crores, which 
doubled.  Not only the number of hotels doubled, but the revenue also doubled and 
despite all the migrations Vivanta and SeleQtions still stayed at the same level at 
what they were contributing. 
So, if you take out high performing, high revenue hotels like Holiday Village, like Fish 
Cove, like Fort Aguada, like Taj Mahal Lucknow, and still maintain the level of 
revenue that you had before, it's a level that we are satisfied with of course it can 
always be more and Ginger was 200 went to 360, TajSATS was 4/20 went to 640.  
What used to be a 7,000-crore enterprise level revenue became 11,000 crores.  So, I 

    
Capital Markets Day 
7 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
think there is a lot of strategic decision making, a lot of science, and a lot of art that 
went into the last five years despite the lockdown to bring around this change. 
- 
Some of you are analysts, some of you are very good at modeling, and everything is 
obviously related to the RevPAR, but only focusing on the RevPAR and projecting 
that in your modeling for future is in our system with the way we are growing as a 
fast growing company would be a kind of an antique model I would say.  So, I would 
only encourage you when you have questions please come you asked because a lot 
of the data that you are looking at may not be that relevant because you have to 
break it into like for like and not like for like.  When you have high growth, you're 
opening the hotels, we are opening on the day one, they're not at a stabilized phase.  
So, your RevPAR premium might look like as if it's going down because last year we 
opened 16 hotels, this year will definitely open more than 20, that will have some 
impact and every hotel will not open with 70% occupancy and a rate of 7000-8000 
plus that is needed for the portfolio. 
So, I think that is something which one needs to carefully consider and also in terms 
of our new businesses in the kind of source of income, which Giri will show you later 
in his more detailed financial slides that a lot of our income will be coming through 
our management contract model.  Those numbers may not be that large, but their 
conversion to bottom line is very high and that creates the percentage impact, so 
today in the hospitality ecosystem, the House of Brands that we have built, the kind 
of business model that we have built, we are benefiting from the operating leverage 
from the own portfolio coupled with the asset light growth which is driving the 
margins, this was a strategy which was very clearly thought through and the speed 
and the acceleration of change of the set from the reset of spend optimization, 
effective asset management, and being thrift, and financially prudent and getting rid 
of the debt, is what is driving premium performance for our portfolio. 
Of course, we had promised expansion.  I remember in May at the hospitality forum, 
I had already mentioned and some consultants were saying you know all foreign 
brands are the fastest growing and this one is there and that, I said it's all right.  
Everything that has been presented is true, but as of today it will be false.  So, this is 
what happened and we did not embark on a journey of just adding rooms and 
hotels, that's not our strategy.  We communicated way back in 18, Smart, which 
every industry every sector has a principle of Smart, we have stuck by that, we are 
still doing development, which has to be strategic, has to be margin enhancing, it is 
driven with the same principle of asset management, which you heard on the set, it 
is driven by relationship building, so that the same owner is giving you more and 
more contracts and doing more business with you and continuous tracking, you said 
you will do X, what you actually did, how you measure that and keeping close 
engagement with our owners because that is the fundamental of asset light growth 
otherwise that goes for a toss. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
8 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
So, I think this is the principle, which we have done and if needed we will never be 
100% asset light because with Ginger itself, we have changed the concept and you 
know we said we'll go more for operating leases, so operating leases is technically 
asset heavy, but why would you want to do business at 7% or 8% of our top line 
which is very small then to and Ginger can do 50% to 60% EBITDA margin you might 
as well go for the revenue share where you give 25%, 30%, 32% to an owner and 
keep the rest 20% or 25% with you instead of being with the 7% that would not 
move the needle neither on the revenue because you're only accounting for the 
management fee income nor for your profitability, so that's why we changed that 
model, but if there are strategic investments like we have done in the past in the 
history of the company in building a destination then in the spirit of nation building, 
in the spirit of the good business propositions like we did for Goa 50 years ago, like 
we have done for Andaman maybe you know embarked on the journey 10 years ago, 
we'll continue to do that and that is also what differentiates us from the rest of the 
pack, that is our competitive advantage and from time to time we will invest in our 
competitive advantage.  That's where we are today 263 hotels if we account for 
hotels in the pipeline and the rooms in the pipeline, we are already at a 50:50 
balanced portfolio. 
But this is not for what is in operation for that number, we will have to wait for a 
couple of years and if again we separate from that companies in which we have a 
promoter holding whether majority or minority, then we have to wait another few 
years to get to the real 50:50 because then we don't have an ownership stake in that 
company.  very well positioned with almost 100 hotels in a brand like Taj, which is 
very, very unique.  There are very few luxury hotel brands I think to the best of my 
knowledge together with us it's only three brands that are 100 plus in this segment 
and something very difficult to achieve with the kind of iconic portfolio we have and 
the kind of presence from the two top lodging markets of the world New York, 
London, to the palaces and the safari portfolio. 
We are also getting very close to 100 with Ginger, the 59 in operation, but the total 
portfolio of 85, and together with SeleQtions and Vivanta 78.  What does this mean, 
what we have always said I'm going to reemphasize it today, this means we are now 
ready to add another brand in the hotel portfolio.  Once you have built critical mass 
in two of your four key hotel brands, then you can afford and start thinking of adding 
one more not just because you've got the numbers, but because the space to grow 
starts getting limited.  There is only so many Taj Hotels that we can have in Jaipur, in 
Delhi, in Mumbai.  We can have maybe 20 Ginger Hotels in Mumbai or even 50, but 
you cannot have 20 or 50 in Mumbai, so there is slowly space is becoming relevant 
and also free to add another brand and over the next six months, nine months 
depending on how the market continues to evolve on the kind of opportunities that 
we keep getting, if there is an ideal fit, we have certain preferences on where we 
want to go, what kind of brand we want to launch, but we'll also see what is it that 
we can afford and what will best serve the needs of our balance sheet as well as our 

    
Capital Markets Day 
9 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
P&L.  Of our growth journey below is on the gross where it shows 50 to 100 for the 
Taj and the Ginger at 85, but you see the net growth of both the hotels in operation 
as well as in pipeline. 
Interesting is, look at more than 3.5 or 3.7X increase in the pipeline in the last five 
years and net growth in hotels because some assets as I said you don't want to be in, 
you want to get out of those, some get you know they come to the end of their term 
and maybe it made sense when you signed them it doesn't make sense to renew 
them, so from a net growth perspective going from 145 to 188 hotels or 43 hotels 
net growth gross growth of 53, so 10 were taken out is a number that we were 
satisfied with because the two years of COVID not much hotels could have been 
opened the way they were.  So, now since the last financial year when we opened 16 
and we think going forward it will be 18 to 22 hotels as of this financial year that will 
open consistently across our brands and number of signings, I mean as I said 18-
19/19-20 we were doing fine, then comes COVID you go down, and then last year 
absolute, absolute exception.  Even we don't feel and we don't believe that 36 
contracts is that easy to sign as it is just unthinkable, actually it is unthinkable that it 
took us almost 115 years to get to the first 130 hotels as a portfolio and only five 
years to get to the next 130, so it says we have signed more than 120 agreements 
ladies and gentlemen in the last five years and consistently rated, I see also HVS has 
joined us here as the company with the highest number of signings. 
We would have also been rated with the highest number of openings, but there is a 
technical issue in there where some renewals are considered as also openings, so it 
depends, but normally a number of hotels signed a number of hotels opened at the 
moment no one can match up on that with us and some of this is also foraying into 
new destinations, very important building new destinations, building new sports like 
we are going to Ekta Nagar also properly called where the Statue of Unity is in the 
city of Kewadia, it is also partnering with the government on certain bits, that's also 
how Kewadia happened, that's also how Lakshadweep has happened, and also 
deeper penetration into key markets, which I just alluded to that we have certain 
markets which we own, there are certain which we don't own from our supply 
perspective, but we would like to own.  So, I think it's always going into market, the 
depth of the market as well as the width. 
The width comes through brands like Ginger and Vivanta and the depth will come 
through both the iconic brands as well as the other brands of our portfolio and a 
very clear focus currently we have is on the Northeast.  We have already announced 
that in 2025, we hope to have 25 hotels in the Northeast either in operation or 
under development and half of that number we have achieved, it's a very high 
growth market, we have seen the success of Vivanta in Guwahati.  We are also 
seeing a very successful start of Vivanta in Shillong.  Very soon will be opening a 
Vivanta in Tawang in Arunachal and this year the Taj Guras Kutir in Gangtok will be 
coming.  We already have a Vivanta in Pakyong.  So, all this will keep going on and 

    
Capital Markets Day 
10 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
not to forget that Ginger had one of its first hotel in Agartala and there are two more 
Ginger’s going to take place in Guwahati. 
So, from our strategic maybe there is space for one or two Taj properties in the 
short-term in the Northeast, but every state capital in the Northeast should have a 
Vivanta and a Ginger and every other commercially relevant city in those states must 
have at a minimum a Ginger branded property.  New openings as I said from 5 
accelerated to 12, fell back to 7, accelerated in back to 16, some of the very nice new 
openings include two hotels in Jaipur, both Taj branded; one is a Mahal opened 
within the premises of the Rambagh Palace called Taj Sawai Man Mahal and another 
one a very good mice and a wedding destination and that is the Taj Amir and also 
there is Taj in new city center in Kolkata as well as another resort in Kerala. 
I'll give you a snapshot of how some of these openings look as you see on this slide 
show with Vivanta in Shillong, also the Vivanta in Katra, in Vaishno Devi and many, 
many, many more to come one nicer than the other one more strategic then the one 
which was already present, so that we get a higher market share, a deeper 
penetration and remain customer centric as well as profitable.  By doing all this, we 
have never been shy if you want to be iconic, you have to invest in your assets.  Our 
CapEx, we have been spending is at a pretty high level and that is also needed 
because if we don't do that, we don't get the RevPAR premium.  If you want to get 
that extra premium then what the market is paying you have to continuously invest 
in your assets.  In this very hotel where you are sitting, there will be a new 
auditorium opening, there are new chambers that is gone under renovation. 
So, reimagined chambers will be coming back as our private membership club in 
three to four months from now.  There are 60 rooms under renovation in this 
property just now started and that is the need of the hour and I think again we have 
to find the right balance, the right amount of displacement, the right amount of 
revenue generation, the right time to renovate, we don't do renovations in 
November, February, March, you know these are very high performing months, so 
the time to do it is always Q1 and Q2, which are traditionally the 3rd and the 4th 
weakest quarters, not Q3 which is the strongest quarter even for all the key metros 
that we have in India.  This gives also the impact of not only renovating, but smart 
renovations that we spoke about.  On one of the earlier slides, it gives you an idea of 
how we have reimagined the Taj Club. 
Those of you who have time I would encourage you to go here in Lands’ End that's 
one place where we have redone the Taj Club, we've done it in Coromandel, we have 
done it in Taj Man Singh in Delhi.  We keep doing a lot of this new club proposition, 
the Taj Resort and Convention Center in Goa or the Taj Exotica in Dubai, they all have 
a club proposition which is fantastic and the last picture on which the slide stopped 
is going to be the new spa, which will open also within a month in this hotel.  So, 
we'll have a new spa, a second pool on top of that spa.  We already did the new one 

    
Capital Markets Day 
11 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
now.  We'll have the auditorium at the back of the reception and ladies and 
gentlemen, actually if you have time I would also invite you those present here to go 
and see the Lands End Cafe, which was done for the staff, so that the staff meals are 
in as beautiful an environment as for the guests who are going to dine in some of our 
iconic restaurants in this hotel. 
We are very well poised to reach to reach our Ahvaan 2025 targets.  I don't know 
how many of you noticed when we started Aspiration 2022, it was a five-year plan, 
but this time we did it on purpose three years because we were missing the two 
years of COVID on the journey that we had embarked upon and so we added just 
one year and said this is what we'll do, we'll have 300 plus hotels and spread well 
across different brands.  Hopefully Ginger will be at our 125, Taj already achieved the 
100, have a balanced portfolio of 50:50, and continue to grow other new brands.  
The one where we might be shy of reaching the target is Ama where we had said we 
would want to have 500 homestays and given the success or given the image of 
Ama, we have taken a step back and want to take it even further premium and 
instead of the scale the advice and the customer feedback that we got from the 
who's who, who have used our properties was to be more premium and more 
selective and maintain that level and that standard instead of just planting different 
villas and get into that service concept. 
Also, we think that although we have given a guidance of 300 plus, the potential 
based on if there was some M&A activity that came or some kind of a consolidation 
in the industry that target could even be increased to 325 plus and Taj doing 10% 
more and so would Vivanta and SeleQtions, especially SeleQtions being the 
conversion brand.  Now, one thing we said is profitability, but the second is iconic 
hospitality and the iconic hospitality cannot happen without customer centricity. 
So, we are very pleased to share, we took permission from Trust You is a portal that 
does this kind of data.  On the net promoter score, we are ranking the highest.  
We're not only the world's strongest hotel brand, we're liking the highest on NPS, 
and also the metric that they use to calculate the ratings on TripAdvisor booking and 
Google, we are ahead of the pack.  So, I think that's very important, it's not just 
profitability, it's also customer centricity, it's iconic hospitality, it’s our operational 
excellence that we deliver with our heart and soul.  Further good news for us, it's 
very interesting we tried 20 years with our own loyalty program, which we still have, 
is not that we don't have, but thanks to Tata Neu, The Super app created, which is 
really helping us, it's only one year and one month in operation, it will take another 
two years to get to its right potential in terms of delivering business, but our loyalty 
led revenue has almost doubled.  So, 2,200 crores of our 11,000 crore enterprise 
level revenue came through any source of loyalty that we have, that's how we 
measured it and that is doubling of that revenue including doubling of the members, 
and I think if we were trying that on our own for the next decade, it would have been 
quite a task to get there.  So, with the success and with the more and more 

    
Capital Markets Day 
12 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
companies joining the Tata Neu platform most recently Titan, Chroma is already 
there, we were the founding members, we were the first ones to join. And we are 
very happy, very pleased to have this source. And, it really helps us in weak periods 
of business, because, we can very quickly come up with promotion on Tata Neu and 
really market our hotels and get a higher share, especially now, that we have 
onboarded Ginger. Ginger, with BigBasket, Ginger with 1MG, on that platform, 
stands to benefit a lot going forward, in getting this source of business.  
At the same time, we also remain the custodians of Indian hospitality, that’s a claim. 
The group has had… that’s a claim Taj has had for several decades. I think we are the 
main partner for G20. More events for G20 are happening with us than with any one 
else. Of course, also because of the assets we have. So, G20 kickoff meeting of the 
G20 Sherpa was in Andaman, Havelock, which was with us. The second was on the 
terrace of Lake Palace, which is a right place to do it, was with us. The third one was 
at the Chamber’s terrace at the Taj Mahal Palace/Tower in Colaba. So, I think we are 
very blessed to have such a wonderful platform and such a wonderful portfolio of 
assets, and coupled with that service, it helps us not only to host dignitaries, not only 
to host government delegations, not only to be good partners of G20, but also 
something that we very specially do is, promote the warmth of Indian hospitality. 
The warmth of Indian hospitality, if one wants to see, if you go check-in into 
different hotels in London, and then you come and stay at the Taj in London, you 
would see what a difference it makes.  
Also, integrated marketing campaigns. I think, we have done more campaigns in the 
last 3-4 years than we did in maybe last 20 years, the one most successful being ‘She 
remains the Taj’. The second most successful being ‘Dekho Apna Desh’, also many 
other campaigns. During COVID, our 4D which was Dream, Drive, Discover and 
Delight. So, you dream that I want to go out, I’m shut in a lockdown. There is a 
window to leave, then you ‘dream’ of that. Then you get into your car, you ‘drive’. 
You ‘discover’ a new destination and ‘delight’ yourself. A very strong campaign 
which helped us in the survival phase in the COVID period.  
Also, one of our key enablers is our culture and our ESG. As a Tata Group company, 
our founder Jamshedji Tata, who also built the Taj in Colaba, said that community is 
not just another stakeholder, rather the purpose of existence of any business. So, 
when people did not even know what purpose meant, this purpose got defined by 
the founder of Tata Group. And we continuously work on those principles today, 
maybe it’s called EGS, but this has been a part of the DNA of all group companies, 
especially us as the oldest operating company of the group.  
On the culture part, we define this also around 17-18, our core values being Trust, 
Awareness, and Joy. We say these three letters in name TAJ stand for Trust, 
Awareness and Joy. Trust of all our stakeholders, awareness of our communities and 
what is happening around us,and joy in doing everything that we do. And, we kept 
this as the core value across all brands and across all businesses.  

    
Capital Markets Day 
13 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Our culture of camaraderie – we also are known for providing Tajness, which is a 
part of our DNA. We created 24th of March, which was the date of lockdown, as the 
day of Tajness. And, it was celebrated in all our hotels in India and abroad as the 
Tajness Day, as a special day to celebrate the spirit of resilience, the spirit of 
responsiveness of our colleagues, and the spirit of resurgence.  
Also, our responsible business just celebrated one year with a program called 
Paathya. We were doing responsible business before also, but we introduced the six 
key differentiating factors of Paathya, the six Ps of Paathya. And basically, they are 
built around 100% getting rid of single-use plastic, 100% recycling of waste water, 
50% of our energy coming from renewable sources, 100% of waste management, 
going green on green meetings, and also using EV charging stations as well as doing 
all the things in the community with the right level of governance. And, that’s why 
we have been consistently rewarded with both corporate governance awards, as 
well as, risk management awards.  
Very interesting for me to share with you is that, our ‘temple of hospitality’ as I call 
it, the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower, is now 100% green. 68% through renewable 
energy that we got with the help of Tata Power, 32% we could not, because, you 
know how this whole distribution works! So, for that, we bought certificates through 
Tata Power to claim that we are 100% green.  
I think, this would the right time… instead of me to keep talking about Paathya, is to 
show you what all happened in 365 days a year. A program that was launched in 
March 2022, how that has evolved within a year’s time.  
Video starts at 53.00 mins 
Video ends at 55.49 mins. 
(applause) 
With that, I would like to call my colleague, Giri, for delivering responsible, profitable 
growth. And, I’ll come back after his session. Thank you.  
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi - Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Good Afternoon! It’s always nice to see a lot of you here. Thank you for coming, and 
for all the people who are watching us online. So, moving on, in terms of what all of 
this means, in terms of the strategy and the execution, in terms of the result which is 
really driving responsible, profitable growth.  
Just a recap, and I think it’s important to, sort of, say the recap, because I think, 
when we announced the Aspiration 2022, it was about building belief actually. As 
Puneet said, when we said we were at 16% EBITDA, when we said we’ll go to 25%, a 
lot of people said, ‘How will you do it, actually?’ And now, when we say last year that 
it will go to 33%, and people say, ‘But, have you not already done it, actually?’ And, I 

    
Capital Markets Day 
14 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
think some interesting numbers. We were 665 crores of EBITA in FY16-17. And, when 
we hit the pandemic year FY19-20, we had nearly doubled it to 1,100 crores, 
actually, for a change in top line, which was less than 15% actually. And now, when 
we look at FY19-20, to go to FY22-23, that’s almost doubling of EBITDA for a change 
in top line, which is 1/3rd, actually. So, I think, that momentum has been lovely to 
see, in terms of how the strategy and the execution has, kind of, come together. 
And, as we talked about the various aspects… and we’ll go through some of the 
details in terms of how this is building on as we go forward.  
Really, there are three things, and we always talk about it in all our meetings. Really, 
you talk about the revenue, which is the revenue side of the P&L. The second is the 
Expenditure side of the P&L leading on to margins. And, the third is the balance 
sheet. It’s a fairly straightforward story. And to a great extent, we believe that our 
story mirrors what’s happening in India. Like for instance, the GDP growth continues 
to be strong, which reflects in the strong consumption story. I think what is 
happening today, is not just the youngsters, the demographic dividend in terms of 
spending, it’s also the baby boomers, the people who are born in the early ‘60s, as 
the terminology is used in the US, they’ve also become empty-nesters and they’re 
spending, actually. In fact, there are studies in the US which say that, in about 15 
years’ time, when eventually the present generation inherit from the baby boomers, 
that will be one of the largest wealth transfers which will happen in the US. And, the 
same story is going to repeat in India as well. So therefore, I do believe, that there is 
a secular consumption story which is playing out, not just in the key metros of India, 
but also in the interiors as the government pushes through infrastructure growth 
and roads and smart cities and all of that.  
And, what we have seen post the pandemic, is the challenge in terms of demand-
supply. Industry estimates, of course, say that the demand is growing by maybe 7% 
plus, supply is growing at 5-5.5%. And, this is not likely to change in the short-term, 
in the next 3-4 years. And this too is a bit of a misnomer, because, when you talk 
about a 5.5% supply growth, where is the space in South Bombay for another hotel, 
as an example? It may come near the airports in Navi Mumbai, but not in South 
Bombay. So, if you look at where the micro-markets’ supply potential is there, if you 
look at that, I think the position is even more starkers i.e. to say that the 
consumption will continue to, sort of, surprise, the demand is not matching up to it 
actually.  
And, a lot of the growth also, when you talk of the supply, is also coming beyond the 
metros. That is where I think, as Puneet was talking about the RevPAR, when you 
talk about occupancies and say how much can an occupancy grow by 1%, that’s also 
a misnomer, because you’re considering the occupancy in totality. A lot of the 
occupancy is coming up not in places like Bombay, but the occupancy is actually 
happening in the other cities where the hotels are growing. And hence, the blended 
occupancy will always be an average. So therefore, I think, those are factors which 
have to be considered as you look at models. And, I think the biggest story for us, as 

    
Capital Markets Day 
15 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
the business development pipeline shows and the asset-light growth shows, is not 
just the like-for-like story, but it is the not-like-for-like story, because, that will 
continue to build momentum, and that has to be understood when you look at us in 
terms of understanding the financial model.  
When I talk about asset-light growth, one of the things I do want to emphasise, it is 
not just asset-light in terms of investments, it is also about growth which is now cycle 
independent. And what do I mean by that? We know that the hospitality industry is a 
cyclical industry. But, some of the actions that we’re taking here, are actually 
stretching the cycle. Like, Puneet spoke about the auditorium which is going to come 
up in Taj Lands End, behind the reception, which is hopefully become the place 
where OTT premier screenings will happen. And, that has nothing to do with the 
hospitality cycle. Which means, the OTT screenings in the auditorium will feed into 
F&B, will feed into auditorium business, will feed into room revenue, and that has 
nothing to do with this. We spoke about the new spa, the newly renovated spa, and 
we launched a spa program on top, that once again, has nothing to do with the cycle. 
In Taj Mansingh, for instance, we have a long-stay floor. We say in the pandemic, 
that Wellington Mews had an 85-90% occupancy, even during the pandemic. So, 
when you add a long-stay floor in a diplomatic area in Taj Mansingh, I think that will 
be resilient, independent of the cycle.  
So, a lot of actions that we are taking, Chambers and all of those, are actually 
becoming stories which is building resilience in terms of it being independent, in 
terms of the cyclicality of the hospitality industry. And, that builds the resilience! 
As far as margins are concerned, and I will talk you through some slides in terms of 
sweating existing assets. I think Puneet once again spoke about it, and we’ll see 
some numbers here in terms of how we continuously improve. Like, we are not 
satisfied with the profitability in an existing property. And, as we set up the 
auditoriums here, and as we renovate this past, and as we do all of those things, we 
continue to drive profitability and RevPAR growth actually, and that is a great way in 
terms of adding to the profitability. And you saw that in last year’s numbers. There 
was a chart that we had put which said that our margins from the pre-pandemic 
period to March 2023 actually grew by 9%, from 24% to about 33% or so. And of that 
9% growth, 6.7% came through the existing property driving more profitability, 
which is really the asset sweating. Share of high-margin business is clearly going up, 
which is all the Chambers and management fees, etc. Enhanced productivity that is 
coming through the expenditure side in terms of staff-to-room ratios, and all the 
ratios that we show quarter on quarter. Zero interest cost. Of course, we had 300 
plus crores interest cost on the balance sheet, and that is gone now and we intend to 
say net debt zero. And therefore, that is a very big freedom we get in terms of the 
P&L management.  
On the balance sheet, we will continue to focus on simplification. ROCE clearly is a 
big area of focus. Free cash flows is something which is kind of being driven through, 

    
Capital Markets Day 
16 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
and you saw what happened last year in terms of a thousand crore free cash flow. 
And, we’ll continue to have robust cash reserves as a strategic reserve.  
Now moving into some of the details, I think what is very important to understand, is 
the diversification of top-line. That is at the core of our strategy. The asset-heavy 
business, like these as an example, is great in times when the business is booming, 
because that adds to profitability. It’s a simple cost-volume-profit equation where a 
certain fixed cost needs a certain volume to breakeven. But, once you’ve hit that, 
anything incremental in terms of top-line, just adds to your profitability. And 
therefore, the asset-heavy business, in times of an upside, really drives the leverage, 
which is what we are experiencing now. But, the growth in asset-light businesses, 
will give us the resilience whenever the cycle changes. You see on this chart that the 
asset-light business grew from 10% to 14%. And bear in mind, 10% and 14% are not 
in the same base. The 14% in FY22-23 is on a much larger base. 1% of the 6,000 crore 
consolidated revenue is really about 60 crores or so, whereas, the base in FY17-18 
was different. And, as this base goes up, and this we believe will continue to grow, 
will kind of provide us the resilience in terms of the P&L. And more importantly, 
because these come without any significant capital employed, it also adds to ROCE 
as well. So, the diversification of top-line really becomes the heart of the strategy for 
us.  
So, what are some of the elements of the diversified top-line… sorry the pipeline? 
Let me come to the pipeline. The pipeline itself… we spoke about the pipeline in 
terms of the number of properties we’re opening. But, what does it translate to on a 
year-by-year basis, in terms of the number of rooms we’re opening? And, I think that 
momentum is only going up. We opened 16 hotels last year, and as you go forward, 
the pipeline is improving. 2,300 rooms in FY23-24, and you see in FY24-25 nearly 
2,500 rooms. And when you see FY25-26 dropping to 2,200, it doesn’t mean it drops, 
we still have time, in terms of conversions, to bring in. So, there is the momentum in 
terms of new openings coming up, which is great in terms of driving the top-line 
growth, and most of it is asset-light growth, of course, some asset-heavy activities 
like what we are building in Lakshadweep and Kewadia, will also add to it.  
Management fees, and I think all of you have been seeing the growth in 
management fees. We have seen a very very good momentum in terms of growth in 
management fees, and many of you have been asking saying that you did announce 
last year that you will hit 400 crores in terms of management fees by FY25-26, and 
we achieved that number as of 31st March of 2023. Where is it likely to be? So, we 
looked at our pipeline and we believe that it is fair to give a guidance that this is 
likely to go to about 550 plus. Which means, if you go back to the FY19-20 levels, the 
pre-pandemic level of 213 crores, we are talking of more than doubling to take it 550 
crores actually. So, that’s the first part of how we see the management fee structure 
going, and how it will add to the incomes and the profitability.  

    
Capital Markets Day 
17 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
If you look at Ginger, and I think Ginger is clearly a very exciting story in terms of 
how it’s growing. We have the potential to reach 100 operating hotels, and we 
believe that we will achieve it. And you saw the growth, the jump. In March 2022, we 
had a top-line of about 179 crores, and an EBITDA of about 46-47 crores or so, and 
that jumped in March 2023 to 307 crores, with an EBITDA of 120 crores, and the 
margin really jumped to about 39%. And that, we think, will grow to about 600 
crores plus as we go towards the AHVAAN 2025 period, giving us more than 250 
crores in terms of EBITDA. We’re very excited about the opening of the flagship hotel 
in Santacruz, and that single hotel will contribute to around 100 crores in steady-
state, as compared to the 300 crores which the entire network of Ginger contributed 
as of 31st March 2023. And, that is going to be another significant driver in terms of 
the growth in top-line, as well as profitability. And if you go back to, compare it to 
the FY21-22 where we had 46-48 crores of EBITDAs, that going to 250 plus is clearly a 
bump up of more than 200 crores.  
As far as Chambers’ membership is concerned, that momentum continues. This is 
just the membership fees, and we have always guided that it will go to about 150 
crores. We see no reason to change the guidance. But, what it is doing is, that the 
opening of the new Chambers in Delhi, the opening of the Chambers in London, and 
as we go forward, at the Pier in New York and in West End in Bangalore, I think what 
it is doing is, also adding to other businesses, and you see that. So, when I talk about 
150 crores of potential membership business, this obviously does not include the 
revenues which come, because people eat, people stay, people use conference 
rooms and all of that is paid for. So, that potential is very significant on Chambers.  
In terms of sweating assets, I just wanted to show a couple of charts in terms of how 
sweating of assets really translates itself. So, we said that, for the year ended 31st 
March 2023, our margins went up from a pre-pandemic 23-24% to about 33%, that’s 
a 9% growth, of which we said 6.7% came through existing assets, which is asset 
sweating. And you see 3-4 cities that we want to show. Mumbai – Mumbai was in 
FY17-18 a revenue of 930 crores… same store, this is all data for a same store, and 
that has gone up to 1,254 crores. Look at the jump in EBITDA from 316 crores to 522 
crores in terms of the jump in EBITDA. All this links back to the smart renovation that 
Puneet spoke about, where we continuously upgrade the properties, and as you do 
that, the ability to charge RevPAR goes up, and that drives greater profitability. 
That’s the same story repeating in Delhi NCR as well, where the revenue jump from 
378 crores to 546, EBITDA jump from 64 to 164, and the interesting thing is that, 
since you’re comparing from 2017 to 2022-23, this is with Mansingh being under 
renovation. Which means, how these same store assets have kind of dramatically 
increased in terms of top-line and EBITDA, is a very strong story, and that I will not 
underemphasise in terms of the potential of existing assets, to kind of sweat out 
more in terms of profitability.  
Similarly look at Goa. Goa is a fantastic story where the top-line grew from 224 to 
356. Smart renovations in Holiday Village, smart renovations in Fort Aguada and 

    
Capital Markets Day 
18 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
other properties, have really helping to ensure that the momentum is there in terms 
of RevPAR premiums. Look at Bangalore, similarly. 44% growth in revenue, 144% 
growth. This also has another story here. In India, it shows how much people are 
travelling, how much people are using the hotels, and the ability to pay. And, I think 
one of the things that one of my friends in the audience told me, and I think it’s very 
valid here and we also recognise that, is that in India it’s a penetrating story in terms 
of tourism. Which means that, it is going to grow linked to the economy and 
consumption. And as that happens, the ability of people to kind of spend more, is 
going up, and that is reflected in the way the performance of properties are 
happening, combined with smart renovation. So, it is price, renovations, the service 
quality, all of these have to come together. You just can’t increase price without 
product quality and service levels also kind of not matching up there. And so, if you 
stay in one of our hotels and you look back to what was offered even pre-pandemic 
period, the service levels have gone up. We have Taljinder as a brand custodian who 
is now driving through the service level changes to make sure that the product and 
the service, reflect the product and the potential in terms of customer service. So, 
this is a very important chart for us in terms of showing that we will continue to 
sweat the assets, and our existing assets will continue to drive profitability.  
Traditional business – I think this question keeps coming up in terms of how RevPAR 
growth is going to pan out, and we just wanted to address it upfront. If you see the 
pre-pandemic period, the RevPAR growth was varying between 2% to 6%, and that 
was the pattern of growth. We have already seen what has happened. In April, for 
instance, our RevPAR has grown by 11%. If you compare it last year, the base has 
settled down. The base that you see in April is at a level which is slightly lower than 
what ended in March, but the base in April is about 11% higher than what happened 
last year, and therefore, the RevPAR growth will continue. And our belief is that 
there are enough tailwinds… and this is just April. April to September, are the weaker 
quarters. And, as we go towards the next few months, as we go towards the second 
half, with the G20, with the World Cup, with the tourist season, with the foreigners 
coming back to… foreign travel resuming back to India, I think there are enough 
tailwinds to ensure that the RevPAR momentum will continue. And, I don’t see why 
the RevPAR growth this year cannot be more than the historical averages. And this, 
of course, comes to many of your models in terms of how you model. As we also 
said, I think this is only one part of our business. If you look at our diversified top-
line, I think this contributes to one part of our story in terms of profitability. But, as 
the asset-light growth grows disproportionately driving greater profitability, I think 
both kind of go hand in hand, and kind of feeds into the overall margin profile of the 
company.  
In terms of enterprise performance and potential, I think we did demonstrate about 
11,000 crores in terms of enterprise revenue. Consolidate top-line was nearly 6,000 
crores, which means enterprise revenue is roughly double that of the consolidated 
top-line. We think with all the activities, the strategies and the execution we are 

    
Capital Markets Day 
19 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
doing, the potential is clearly, approximately 15,000 crores as we go through the 
AHVAAN period.  
Productivity focus, I think we’ve spoken about it consistently saying that, we are 
focused on productivity ever since… even before the pandemic. When we 
announced Aspiration 2022, our 8% growth in margins at that point in time came 
through a combination of revenue levers as well as cost levers, and that continued 
through the pandemic. And, we have demonstrated that we are able to continue to 
maintain productivity. On raw materials, inflation, of course, has impacted, but we 
have also been able to pass on the price increases to be able to maintain the raw 
material percentages at similar levels lie prior. On payroll costs, the staff to room 
ratios are effectively managed. Investments in digitisation and technology have also 
helping, and therefore, we will be focused on maintaining the productivity in terms 
of manpower. On power & fuel, for instance, we are very encouraged. Hotel by hotel 
is implementing multiple schemes in terms of renewable power and cheaper power, 
and that is helping us. Corporate overheads have been one of our biggest success 
stories. What was in 2017-18, and what is today, in terms of network, is double. But, 
it’s the same; the corporate overheads have not gone up at all. And, I think the 
corporate overhead productivity continues to be very strong. And so, the focus on 
productivity is something that will continue.  
Last year, I think we had given a guidance in terms of margins and free cashflow. I 
think largely the guidance remains intact. People ask us, having achieved 32.7% in 
terms of EBITDA guidance, is that going to go up? I think anything about 30-32% is a 
very very strong EBITDA, and therefore, we believe, that’s a very fair EBITDA in terms 
of our guidance. What is going to happen is that, the growth of existing businesses, 
the growth of asset-light businesses will continue to drive the top-line and the 
margin profile. So, I think as we kind of model, please, we’re not at this point of time 
saying that 33% EBITDA is a guidance which is fair at this point of time. And, this 
guidance in terms of how the split will happen from revenue to cash flow, is also 
broadly correct, and that is something that we’ll continue to do.  
Moving on, I think capital allocation principles, I think the question from debt to 
cash, and people have been asking us in terms of capital allocation principles. There 
are really four broad themes that we have here. Number one, is to build resilience, 
and resilience means that if there’s another COVID, another GST, another 
demonetisation, we should not be going back to the market in terms of money. So, 
there is a strategic reserve which is being built. At this point of time, our view is that 
it’s about 750 crores, and this will not come down below 750 crores, it could go up, 
actually. The second is, the capex which happens in terms of renovations. I think 
these renovations will happen. And the big picture guidance is that, renovations will 
be in line with the depreciation for the year. Of course, there may be exceptions in 
certain years. The third is, dividend. You have seen the jump in dividend. We have 
not yet announced a dividend which is linked to PAT, but that is something that we 
are working through and we may come back to the market at an appropriate time. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
20 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
But you see that dividends will be… because for us, it has not just got to be 
meaningful, it’s got to be sustainable, and we are being steady about it. And in terms 
of greenfield and M&As, those are part of the plan. I think the important direction 
from the board on this is that, a greenfield and an M&A, whenever it happens, it 
cannot happen at the cost of the balance sheet. We have… I think the guidance from 
the board is that, if there’s a great property available, go for it guys if the economics 
works. But, we will find the money without impacting the balance sheet, and I think 
that’s the big picture message. If you go back into history, 2007-08 when we went 
into some of our M&A activities and acquisition activities, I think it did impact the 
balance sheet. Now we are saying that we cannot afford that to happen. And so, the 
balance sheet protection and integrity is got to be a very important plant of it. As far 
as greenfield is concerned, we may be open to some level of project specific debt. 
Like, if we are doing a project in Lakshadweep, we are open to some sustainable 
financing, for instance, in that project, but that has got to be completely funded at 
that level. But, those would be carefully tracked at a project level. So, these capital 
allocation principles will be the cornerstone of how we will manage the balance 
sheet.  
ROCE is something that we have been focussed on, and that has been going up 
through the years. And, there are some numbers here and there are detailed 
workings in the slide which gives you the numbers. ROCE and hotel assets is about 
16%, and ROCE and domestic hotel assets is 24%. See, if you look at the domestic 
operating assets, I think, in the last 6-7 years we have built new assets. Maybe, 
Guwahati has been a new one, we have renovated the Mansingh, we have put up 
Andamans, we have renovated Usha Kiran and Ginger Santacruz is coming up. So, no 
significant new greenfields has come up. And these properties, as you have seen in 
terms of asset sweating, has been very significant. So, the ROCE on domestic assets 
will continue to be very strong. And, the other thing to note, is that when investors 
ask me about ROCE, I think there is a historical ROCE on our balance sheet which is 
getting rectified and improving as we go forward. But on an incremental basis, 
where incremental capital is being deployed, we will always ensure that the ROCE is 
strong. So, that’s the message on this slide.  
On the standalone side, it’s even better because those assets have been the 
cornerstone of the growth of this company. So, these ROCEs are even better. 
With this, I think I’ll pass it on to Puneet, in terms of the closing comments.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal – MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd: 
So, how are we well positioned for the future? I think so, because the 
macroeconomic tailwinds are positive. There is an India growth story that we should 
not forget. India is definitely among the leaders in GDP growth, and is among the top 
5 economies expecting… and not just expected, but is ambitious enough to try to go 
among the top 3. There is a lot of focus from the government on infrastructure. The 
better the infrastructure, the more the number of airports, the more the number of 

    
Capital Markets Day 
21 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
highways, the better it is for our business. So, I think, one of the most important 
indirect beneficiaries of infrastructure investment is the tourism and hospitality 
sector. And, India is emerging more and more as a services economy. And, even that 
would benefit on the discretionary spend in terms of disposable income. So, we do 
believer that these macroeconomic tailwinds should help us. Earning power and 
spend patterns are also continuously evolving and moving in the direction of unique 
properties, experiential tourism, anything which is different gets more attraction, 
and I think which is one of our very important competitive advantage by being 
present in 125 plus cities, especially now with also other businesses like the 
homestays. Also, the spend from the top 25 is actually becoming lesser, and more of 
the non-top 25 are beginning to invest. So, there is a structural shift also there, 
which should also help a heterogenous country like us with very different kinds of 
destinations, and we are very positive about that.  
The more important factor, or I would say, the most important factor, is RevPAR. 
But, RevPAR rate and occupancy is always a consequence of demand and supply. So, 
as one would have read it, the demand is outpacing supply, especially on our home 
front, which is more than 85% of our business is India-centric. And, due to lack of 
supply that was built in the last 3 years, even if some catchup was to happen, in the 
short to medium term, the expectation remains that demand will continue to 
outpace supply, which means, higher occupancies, and if the occupancy is high, your 
ability to charge is higher. So, that’s another positive trend.  
Now, are we well-positioned to proactively capture this potential? Because, the 
macroeconomic factors favour us immensely. Demographics, having young age 
population, which is expected to hit the sweet spot around 2040. The sector itself 
has cyclicality, and we believe that we’re in an upcycle since 6, 8, 9 months. 
Typically, a cycle does last anything between 4 to 7 years based on the previous 
history or cyclicality that we’ve seen in the business. And, this happening in all 
segments and at all price points. Obviously, the higher you go, the more profitable it 
gets, because once you cross that famous cost-volume profit analysis chart, then the 
divide after reaching the breakeven point increases significantly. So that way also, 
with the premiumisation of our portfolio, we think we are very well positioned as 
IHCL, we have industry leading RevPAR, we have industry leading growth, we have 
industry leading margins, and we are a part of maybe one of the top global leading 
groups, with all possible other verticals which could help us in having a robust, 
sustainable, profitable growth.  
With that, we come to our famous pyramid, the same which we started with in 
Aspiration 2022. Only the bubbles out there have changed into 300 plus, and the 
margin guidance from 25% to 33% and the zero net debt. Balance portfolio was 
always a part of it. The bedrock remains the core values. I always say this, when I 
have investor meetings, we can change strategy from aspiration to execution to 
performance, and to calling it AHVAAN, but you don’t change your core values every 
day. So, our core values of Trust, Awareness and Joy, and the five core values of 

    
Capital Markets Day 
22 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Tata’s, with our enablers of enabling through the iconic assets, through our ESG 
Paathya as a program, through our One Digital initiative after the other, so 
leveraging the digital, using One Tata as a source of very strong business, and our 
continued excellence in operations, would definitely help us, so that we can continue 
to reimagine our brand scape, restructure our portfolio and re-engineer our margins 
on a sustainable basis, so that we become the most iconic, which we have always 
been. And, as our facts would point out now, also the most profitable hospitality 
ecosystem that South-Asia has to offer.  
− So, in summary I would say, clear aspirations, robust strategy, powerful and 
passionate execution engine can help us to be very confident in delivering on our 
strategy, and which is summarised under responsible profitable growth which will 
benefit the strong tailwinds, both from the macroeconomic point of view as well as 
from the sector. Also our advantage, strategic advantage of being in 125+ locations 
as well as our portfolio brands, our culture and our capabilities are very strong. 120 
plus years culture of Taj, a bit longer when we had all the AGMs of IHCL, our long 
term focus on sustainable growth of ROCE or Return on Capital Employed and 
achieving all this in a right and responsible way, we do believe that what we promise, 
we will deliver like we have done in the past, say for any event which is out of our 
reasonable control. Thank you very much for listening and happy to take any 
questions. So we can have the Q&A now? 
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you Mr. Chhatwal. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
Question and Answer session. For today’s event, we have guests present in the 
boardroom as well as guests joining us from across the globe online. We will begin 
with a few questions from those of you present here and subsequently move over to 
our guests online. Should you wish to ask a question, kindly raise your hand and we 
will have a microphone passed to you. We request you to kindly introduce yourself 
before asking your question. 
 
Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sharekhan, BNP Paribas: 
 
Hello! Ya, good afternoon sir. Thanks for the great presentation. This is Kaustubh 
Pawaskar from Share Khan by BNP Paribas. I have a few questions. 1st you spoke 
about smart innovation. So do we have any particular target in a year that 15-20pc of 
our room inventory you would be focusing on renovating so that you can grab more 
opportunities from those properties? 

    
Capital Markets Day 
23 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
Not really. I think it comes with the need basis. It’s not that everything is so bad that 
we will do every year 15pc and in 6yrs. we will be done. So I think a lot of this as we 
said is also based on certain trends. So if we launch a new restaurant concept like 
Loya which we have done in Taj Palace. We are changing it in Westend and we are 
also bringing it in Taj Mahal Palace in Colaba. That’s not really renovation only. So it’s 
also introduction of a new concept and kind of a new line of F&B offering. We also 
have the work, we also have the masala series. So this is a continuous investment. It 
is done on a very strategic basis and the normal renovation comes under 2 heads. To 
answer your question the other way round. 2-3pc of your revenue of your property 
whether managed or owned will go into the general upkeep on an annual basis. 
There is a painting or polishing, replacing some of the items which cannot be 
capitalized. The major renovations would be in the same ball park as both Giri and I 
have pointed out, that is typically in the industry and the sector is 4-5pc of your 
topline in one or the other year, because we were investing, let’s say in Ekta Nagar, it 
might show a jump but a few years later, it might show less amount because we 
might have sold that property and taken it on a sale and lease back or sale and 
manage back because of the way the tenders are structured…..see some of these 
government tenders, you should have the company that is actually running and 
operating a hotel, owns a brand but then you cannot transfer immediately. You have 
to wait for 3yrs to transfer. So some of those things will happen. We don’t have the 
strategy of suddenly becoming asset heavy because of that. But we cannot let go of a 
business opportunity. 
 
Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sharekhan, BNP Paribas: 
 
My 2nd question is, you spoke about launching one more brand or adding a brand to 
your portfolio. So is it like you want to tap tier 2, tier 3 towns? So there you are 
looking out for any specific brand to come up with or …..? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
For tier 2 and tier 3 cities, we have Ginger and we have Vivanta. You know that will 
work. Every state capital in India can have a Vivanta and every district capital can 
have a Ginger, also obviously the state and the national capital. So that is not the 
reason. The reason would be to diversify your brandscape into another kind of 
business. So there are many such possibilities that are there which a lot of other 
companies in this sector, mostly outside of India in the western hemisphere have 
done and I think very soon, we will get to that. As I said, we are studying various 
options, we have some of our own preferences but we will see how market evolves. 
Definitely by next Capital Market Day which is in a year from now, we will be able to 
tell you what it is. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
24 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sharekhan, BNP Paribas: 
 
One last to Giri sir. Sir, you spoke about the EBITA margins that you are maintaining 
at around 33pc, the guidance has been maintained. We have seen that you are 
raising up the Ginger guidance to around 650. You are raising some of the other 
businesses’ guidance and also the rule demand supply, we know that the demand is 
going to be better than supply so from the domestic REPA point of view or business 
point of view, next 2yrs are going to be good years for us. So then why are we 
sticking to the guidance of 33pc and not raising it upto around 34-35pc? 
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
I think as I said, 33pc is a very strong margin actually and I think since we are talking 
about guidance, I think there is no point, I mean we just want to be careful to sort of 
say that, it’s a very strong  margin and growth will happen in anywhere in terms of 
topline growth and margin growth but we don’t see a reason to change that at this 
point in time. I think that it’s only fair to say that measure it in terms of performance, 
don’t measure it against a guidance actually. 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
I think, I might want to add something. Firstly, I must compliment you on the 
question you asked because if you are obviously growing Ginger and you are saying 
that we will do in Ginger 50-60pc, so mathematically the margin should go up and 
your ability to charge is there. So all these factors should help. Having said that, 72pc 
as he said in the presentation is coming from Taj. That’s no.1. And so, we want to 
keep it that way. That’s really our backbone. That kind of iconic brand as I mentioned 
in the presentation requires certain investments, innovations, new F&B concepts, 
new private membership club and there are a lot of additions that need to be done. 
But some of you who do the analysis, which I said in my presentation, like for like 
and not like for like, you should also take standalone and consolidate it throughout. 
If we take standalone, that’s why your question is very good and relevant. We are 
already at almost 40pc. It could be even go to 42 or 43, that’s not the issue. So I 
think, while comparing which some of you people do, sometimes it really hurts us. 
We think that some comparisons, like I created a new term. Its apples vs oranges 
and now we have even added small grapes to it. It has to be so the question is great. 
Yes, that will happen but standalone is different from consolidated. When you add 
properties like London, New York, Capetown, San Francisco etc. and that’s what we 
account for. Then that is a very good margin for a company with a more global 
footprint and those figures get added and get multiplied by 100 for a pound and a 82 
for a dollar. So those numbers become very big. So they also create that 
disproportionate but we would not be the world’s strongest brand if we were not 

    
Capital Markets Day 
25 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
present in the top 2 lodging markets in the world. Only Paris is missing. So if we have 
Paris, then there are 3 top lodging markets of the world, the top 3. 
 
Mr. Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sharekhan, BNP Paribas: 
 
Thank you, thanks. 
 
Mr. Nihal: 
 
Good evening!! 
 
Moderator: 
 
Yes Nihal? 
 
Mr. Nihal: 
 
Mr. Chhatwal and Mr. Giri. First of all congratulations to you all for …this is Nihal 
here from Nuvama. 3 questions from my side. 1st is, traditionally the hospitality 
space used to work was that, you have business on books, you have a pipeline and 
once you had a certain occupancy, you would go for rate hikes. You have been 
mentioning over the last few quarters that the visibility in the sector has been 
reducing much. So in that background, how do you see the kind of RevPAR 
performance you mentioned for April sustaining? You believe you maintain the 
raised hike, keep taking hikes and believe that the guests keep coming and the 
occupancy plays out? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
We would like to believe that the 23, if we take that as a base, that you can still 
achieve close to double digit RevPAR growth going forward. We would like to believe 
that and there is nothing that we know at the moment that makes us believe the 
contrary. So especially the events, when they pick up momentum on G20 or the 
World Cup cricket or when the FTA, not your Free Trade Agreement but the Foreign 
Tourist Arrival come back to the pre-covid level which was at 60pc last financial year. 
If it comes back to 100 or goes to 110 or 120pc, that kind of quality for revenue 
growth is possible and should happen. There is nothing that points out as to why it 
shouldn’t happen. It’s not like, a pent up demand is 3months, 6 mths, 9mths. A pent 
up cannot go on for 15-16-18 months or other people like to call our nice business of 
providing experiences and unique dining, some call it revenge. This is all revenge 
travel. I think it’s over. I think we are on a very good wicket because of the demand 
and supply being in a positive sync for the sector. 
 
Mr. Nihal: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
26 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
A related question there was that, again the share of transient has seen a good 
increase vs. corporate. You see that normalizing or you believe that, that’s the way 
the mix will be in the future also for you all? 
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
The share of Transient is 50pc plus if you look at our history. It’s always been 50pc 
plus and we would like to keep it that way. In fact, if you look at our corporate 
strategy also, I think couple of things have happened. One is that, many smaller 
corporates have actually moved them to Transient, that’s no.1. So I think Transient 
will continue to be, the non-negotiated segment will continue to be 50pc plus of the 
business. We don’t see that changing actually. And in corporate, as I have explained 
in the past also, we have made some contract changes where the rates are getting 
fixed. For many of our corporate customers has the rate of the best available rate 
which means if the bar changes, goes up the discount of the best available rate also 
goes up. So those contract changes are also helping us. So I think, we will continue to 
do those actually. We will continue to do this. 
 
Mr. Nihal: 
 
Just one final question – you made a statement saying that, you don’t want IHCL to 
be associated with any brand which is not premium. You are saying that Ginger is 
also in a way upscale. So is it that the budget as a category is something totally out 
and if any thoughts on the positioning of the new brand in terms of where it could 
place? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
No, that’s not accurate or maybe I didn’t communicate it well. In every category, the 
brand in that competitive set must be perceived as the premium brand. So of course, 
Taj stays at the top. Then we have SeleQtions or Vivanta, then we have Ginger. But 
Ginger should not be perceived as the way it was launched, as a cheap product 
which is everybody’s possibility for 999Rs. That was maybe right when it was thought 
through but the world changed. The entire world became aspirational. So I think the 
Ginger in its positioning, the room size has not changed, it’s become more fun, its 
more interactive, its more colorful and it does 3 things very well – it provides the 
best bed in town, it provides the best coffee and the best shower in that segment. 
It’s not that Ginger bed is better than Taj, it’s not but within that segment, it’s the 
best. 
 
Mr. Nihal: 
 
Thank you so much. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
27 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Mr. Rishi: 
 
Hi Puneet, I am Rishi. Thanks for the presentation. I have my question more on the 
core cities. What would be your strategy in terms of maintaining, let’s say growing 
RevPAR. Could it be more ARR or occupancy and especially in the light of 
competition also trying to flex muscles there? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
The core cities you are talking about? 
 
Mr. Rishi: 
 
The core cities, let’s say the metro cities. Because as you talked about the pent up 
demand already having played out and the competition also trying to come in there, 
so what would be your strategy going ahead? 
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
I think these cities are resilient, you know. I mean you have seen, we have put up the 
charts for Bombay and Delhi. I think these cities are resilient and they will continue 
to grow. For instance, take Bombay. Now the Jio World Convention Centre has come 
in actually, which means you will see lot more conferences happening and when that 
happens, the hotels benefit as an example, actually. So these cities will continue to 
be very strong and that’s true for any international market. If you see, when you talk 
about occupancies again, these cities always have an occupancy in excess of 75pc, 
whether it is from New York to Hong Kong to Singapore, all the cities have strong 
occupancies and there is enough resilience in term of building it. So there is no 
concern actually. 
 
Mr. Achal - HSBC: 
 
Hi Puneet! Hi Giri!. This is Achal from HSBC. I had a couple of questions. So first of all, 
on the capacity, you mentioned that last year, the capacity grew by 4 point 
something and then you referred to some consultant report which suggest that the 
capacity is going to grow in that range. So just want to understand, if we break it up 
between the green field and the brown field, so basically it is the green field capacity 
that’s going to be added. Otherwise, it’s just a switch, right? So that capacity was 
already there so in terms of that breakup, what is the kind of capacity growth was 
there and what kind of capacity growth do you expect going forward? And especially 
the green field project, do you really see the green field project would be able to 
make the returns to offset the cost of capital? Because I think we are talking about 
cost of capital, cost of capital being very expensive, land is very expensive. So 

    
Capital Markets Day 
28 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
construction cost, do you think really could offset the cost of capital? Sir, can you 
please talk about that? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
So there are 3 things that you touched upon. Actually you said 2 but there are 
actually 3. So one is green field which takes anything between 3-7yrs to get built. So 
that is one of the reasons, there will be an imbalance in demand and supply because 
what is not under construction, takes this kind of time period. Something keeps 
happening, because of bad weather the construction stops or something else 
happens, it just takes a bit longer. The 2nd thing that you said is brown field. Brown 
field, the way we define is not already in the capacity. It is something which 
somebody started building and stopped because of lack of funds or something else 
changed. So you try to get that property, that time to completion is less. That could 
be 16 months, 12mths,18mths etc. The 3rd, which you are saying was already 
included. That is neither green field nor brown field. It’s a conversion. So either it’s 
an unbranded that gets branded or its changing from one brand to the other brand. 
So these kind of 3 activities, that’s the fastest way of growing, that some people also 
call it, if it comes in a larger chunk, it’s called an M&A or a consolidation in the 
segment. So these 3 are different. I also agree with what you said. Green field will 
take longer and the cost of land in hospitality business with your ability to charge 
makes green field construction not very conducive to the return on capital that is 
needed. You get it ultimately but after 5-7-8yrs after the property has been in 
operation, especially if it happens to be in a metro. Sometimes you have to calculate 
differently. We had the Santacruz Taj Flight Kitchen land for 27yrs. sitting there doing 
nothing with a dilapidated old Flight Kitchen building. So we are looking at only 
incremental investment and the return on that incremental investment because we 
already had the land. Now that’s not the only place where we had the land. There 
are many other spots including right opposite this hotel, where we have the land 
which is actually not helping  us in our return requirement or there are many others 
where we have the FSI available and we feel that that’s how we are better 
positioned to monetize on those and also propel growth of our brands especially 
AMA in the home stay. We had not done it because we kept it as a purely asset light 
model but building on let’s say, as an example – if we have Taj Exotica in Goa and we 
has FSI available and if we create a cluster of AMAs and call it an AMA Village or 
whatever out there, so it’s something which is very positive. So that depends from 
company to company, brand to brand and your source of capital and whether you 
are funding it through your internally, a crude free cash flow or you are borrowing 
money, so in our case, I think all these things as we speak today, are all very green 
and all very positive and we have all possible options to do that. 
 
Mr. Achal – HSBC: 
 

    
Capital Markets Day 
29 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Ya, that’s fine. Just to understand, I am not sure if you can break-up the capacity 
growth expected between the conversions and the green field plus brown field. 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
We can. We can. 60pc. you know the one thing which we will change when we do 
the next Capital Market Day is we will give you more data by brand. By brand, by 
contract type and by geography. So if we took at all those parameters and say India 
is the place, then almost a 60pc of our growth will come through new projects, new 
constructions. Around 20pc will come through brown field and 20pc will come 
through conversions. 
 
Mr. Achal – HSBC: 
 
Ok, perfect. My 2nd question was around revenue management. So basically, of 
course ARRs are very strong but how much of that part, how much of that part is 
contributed by the revenue management efforts from the hotels and how much is 
driven by the market, basically I think just like airlines. There is a huge scope for 
flexibility in terms of tariffs, later or earlier you know. So what kind of contribution 
do you think in this ARR growth or strength you reported is contributed by the 
revenue management? What revenue management are you doing at the moment? 
Or are you adding something on that part? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
I am looking at our head of revenue management. He is sitting in the audience so I 
was wondering, would you like to answer that Brij? Because it’s really checking the 
credibility, is revenue management able to add value in a strong market? Till he gets 
the mike, I think revenue management is bedrock of any good hotel management 
company and we have various tools, from forecasting to measuring business on the 
books to when to launch which campaign for how many days, with which partner or 
do it alone? Should we go for digital or should we go for print in terms of supporting 
that campaign through advertising and it’s just not the rates. We tend to forget 
revenue management is a much larger science. It starts, it includes the content, the 
content on the website. I think, this I can give to you now. Brij, you can take over 
from me. 
 
Mr. Brij Bhushan Chachra – Global Commercial, Revenue Management & Distribution 
Professional, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
Thank you sir. From a revenue management point of view, I think at IHCL, we are 
very well poised and what efforts what we are doing is driven towards, you know 
growing off ARRs as well as occupancies. It’s a fine balance. As we move forward, like 
you also mentioned a short while back, we have a lot of reliance when it comes to 

    
Capital Markets Day 
30 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
the transient bit of it which actually gives us the ability to flex and charge rates based 
on demand and supply which basically helps to yield up as we move forward. From a 
tools and technology point of view, I think the growth itself is invested in quite a lot 
of technological things as we move forward. When it comes to forecasting, we use 
real value systems and pricing algorithms which basically helps us to forecast as well 
as predict demand to do the right things at the right time. At cross distribution 
channels, whether we are talking about partners or whether we are talking about 
our own royalty programs and that is what we are doing when it comes to revenue 
management as we move forward. Does that answer? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
Hope to give the mike back. 
 
Mr. Achal – HSBC: 
 
Thanks, Thanks Puneet. Last question from my side is, coming back to the question 
that you like but don’t like to answer about your 33pc EBITA margin. So if I look at 
your chart showing operating cost, especially as you said, the cost and all those 
things, it has performed so well and the operating leverage is so high, I mean just a 
small increase in occupancy or the way the growth is structured, EBITA margin 
should naturally go up from here on, given that your costs are not going to increase 
and the kind of inventory you have on order or coming up, I mean what exactly 
makes you to sort of think twice before you know, I mean I keep talking about the 
margins or anything you know, because as you rightly said Puneet, the numbers add 
up so of course EBITA margins should go up and especially operating leverage, 
looking at that, looks like it should go up from here on, right? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
You know as Giri mentioned and we have mentioned, we can always, it’s not that we 
will not strive for more but to maintain the quality of our brands, we have to 
continuously invest. We are not doing business from one quarter to the next quarter 
only. I think your colleague also from the table behind had asked, over the next 2yrs., 
you know in our group, in our brands, we don’t think 6mths or 1yr or 2yrs. So if you 
take a mid to long term view about where you see your brands, where you see your 
company, where you see all these things, especially when the going is good, it is also 
prudent to keep investing in the businesses needed for the future and keep 
removing. As a part of the management of the group, it is an obligation for us to 
increase the size of the cycle and at the same time decrease the volatility in the 
portfolio. You cannot do all that by just being focused on one matrix which is margin. 
That’s why that whole pyramid has 3hrs. strategy which is also about reimagining 
your brandscape. Also it would be fair to say that in the survival and revival phase 
which we said also, in the reset, the ‘T’ of the reset was being thrift and financially 

    
Capital Markets Day 
31 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
prudent. When the times are good, also you need to spend more before the bad 
times come because you will not have the money. So I think its finding the right 
balance. If we are able to do instead of 33 or 35, we will be the happiest people. 
Right? So to say, we did that. But we cannot start with 35 and then define the 
strategy. We follow our strategic course, the markets continue to support us. If the 
rates continue to increase, occupancy continues to increase, the growth of Ginger 
comes the way it comes, mathematically the margins will increase. I am not saying 
it’s not possible but the guidance given by us is, this is what we plan as a 
management company. I think Giri said it rightly – when we started on that journey 
of Aspiration 2022 and we said we will do 25 and I said it also in my presentation, 
people said, “No. It’s not going to happen”, especially the hotel consultants. So now 
when we said 33, everyone said increase. Nobody believed 25, so it’s a very healthy 
situation. So it’s very good to see the encouragement from all of you, go for 35, go 
for 36, go for 37 – why not? So we take it as a positive. We will work on it but as a 
guidance, we have to look at the holistic picture. I think it’s very important. Is it 33 of 
a 15pc increase in topline or a 10pc increase in topline or is it 35 of the topline 
staying the same or even a slight reduction. That’s why I am saying, percentage is 
just one factor. I think the entire theme that you kept saying in the presentation 
from Giri was the diversification of the topline and how that 8000cr. became 
11000cr. enterprise revenue and 11 could become 15 and if you are still maintaining 
that, kind of good margins, then the absolute amount is a very different number. 
 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
Ya, focus on the absolute number Achal, I think rather than one single percentage 
because ultimately what we want is the HDFC growth story as an example, I will just 
quote. How does the P&L move? The revenue is moving, the absolute EBITA is 
moving and absolute PAT moving exactly. I think that is actually where I think will be 
great actually. 
 
Mr. Achal – HSBC: 
 
Sure! Sorry, I just want to squeeze in last question, if I may. I know I will not get mike 
after that and I promise I will shut up after that. I will definitely shut up. In terms of 
Tata Neu, I guess, I am actually more bullish than you are, so just want to understand 
– have you seen any kind of conversion rate that is happening at the moment at the 
customer level which is helping you out and going forward with more brands joining 
Tata Neu. What do you see? I mean, at the moment, I guess you mentioned about 
25pc of your enterprise level revenue but is that after all the brands join Tata Neu or 
is that an additional that we are talking about? So if you could please talk about 
that? That will be helpful. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 

    
Capital Markets Day 
32 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
See, it’s not just about what additional you get. It’s also maintaining because loyalty 
is such an important aspect of our business, you could lose your customers. You 
cannot acquire customers because they are stuck in another loyalty program. I have 
been with one or the other loyalty program in my life and you know, it’s very difficult 
to move because when you move out, you stand to lose a lot. The great thing about 
Tata Neu is, its touching all points from a grocery shopping to jewellery to whatever 
else, hotels…etc…etc…So your cost of customer acquisition is gone. From our point 
of view, there are 2 things. One – as a hotel company, with the kind of money that 
we are investing, I doubt if we would have been able to build an industry leading 
loyalty program or a platform on our own, that’s the 1st. 2nd, our variable cost being 
on that platform is actually less than the money we were spending before. Trying to 
get those customers, advertising on all possible social media and still not getting the 
customer to come through your website, the entire sector keeps complaining about 
3rd party. SO I think that is the ability, unique ability to do that part. 3rd, is 
synergizing. Synergizing within the group with different companies is not only about 
a super app. It is about all other business which doesn’t come or would not have 
come otherwise because all this is bringing you and your teams closer to each other. 
So your 1st choice or your 1st thought which comes to your mind wherever you have 
to do a dinner or a party or stay in a hotel etc. will obviously be us. It should be with 
or without Tata Neu but the likelihood and the strength of synergizing actually starts 
showing up. And then, as I said, you get a customer who is not necessarily a typical 
hotel customer. Maybe he is going to Croma or Big Basket but for the Big Basket 
customers, staying collecting enough Tata Neu coins and those coins becoming an 
enabler to afford a stay in Taj is very aspirational. So I think it’s a holistic approach 
and we feel that we are very blessed that without making that investment, we are 
benefitting and also from the know how, see, we are very good in operational 
excellence in running hotels. Not necessarily, the champions of digital or building 
platforms. Then we are in the wrong business, right? There are other people who 
know that best. And you cannot just build it today and leave it. It is a continuous 
change and investment that keeps happening. So on a weekly basis or sometimes on 
a daily basis and all the kind of customers, aspirations what they see, we understand 
what they would like to eat, how the plate could be, how the room should be but not 
necessarily the digital journey of the consumer on using such kind of apps or super 
apps. So we need that help. We are very blessed to have a company within the group 
that is building all this and we are benefiting. You want to say something Parveen? 
He is our not only head of sales and marketing but he is heading all the initiative on 
Tata Neu. 
 
Mr. Parveen Chander Kumar – Executive VP, Sales & Marketing, Indian Hotels Company 
Ltd.: 
 
I think you said most of the things but just to answer your question. Keep in mind, 
when we started this journey, we were 2mn as our active members. In 1 yr., we are 

    
Capital Markets Day 
33 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
4mn and today we have access to over 70mn people as part of the conglomerate 
which will grow above 100mn once Air India and all comes in. So I think the 
possibilities, the world of possibilities is immense and we have just started to scratch 
the surface. 
 
Moderator: 
 
A quick note to the online participants – kindly use the ‘raise hand’ icon if you wish 
to ask a question. We can continue from here. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Hi, this is Pranav from Rare Enterprises. Hi! So I have some basic questions and 
forgive me for not knowing this. Can you just explain because you have been 
repeating that Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, these locations have even larger demand 
for properties in Taj category. So can you just elaborate taking an example of one 
city say Mumbai – what could be a potential Taj revenue here if you were to open 
one more Taj, as compared to current revenue of 11000cr.? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
11000 is for the entire system but if you took the city of Mumbai, then let’s say this 
hotel has close to 400-500cr. If we built right opposite, that could also have 700. Just 
one property itself could do that kind of because it’s a very large development. As 
and when we get the permission, that’s what we would aim for. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Right, so that means a one category below all the hotels are 100pc occupied? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
No, hotels are never, I wish that was the case where the hotels would be 100pc 
occupied. It happens but only in service residences because those residences are 
given for a longer period. Hotels, if they achieve in India especially anything between 
70-80pc, you are doing very well because that’s what the sector is expected to do – 
70pc occupancy in the next few years based on the latest report which came from 
HVS – Hospitality Valuation Services and as Giri mentioned, places like Singapore, 
Hongkong, London, New York, Paris, they are all 80pc plus including Mumbai, 80pc 
plus market and metros like Delhi NCR at 75 etc. So it depends from market to 
market. And if you get to those kind of occupancy numbers, then you are doing quite 
well. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
34 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Right, right. So just a question related to this only. Next year, we understand that 
there are 3 main triggers, that is G20, then there is foreign tourist and probably the 
World Cup also which can actually help you raise. But if these factors were not there 
and you mentioned this in your quarterly concall that actually the pace has moved  
up after a long time, after a long gap of 7-8yrs. and that is why there is a lot of 
support to rave back but if these 3 factors were not there, then what kind of rave 
back you can expect in the next 4-5yrs.? on a continuous basis and avoiding one time 
events. 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
You know, there will always be a onetime event. If it’s not happening in India, it will 
happen elsewhere. I have just come last night from London so there was the 
coronation of the king in London and for one week, it’s like the happening place. It 
will boost the revenue in May. Some analyst was recently writing about another 
company and Giri and I were having a discussion, there was a major airshow in 
Bengaluru and our Taj Westend and other Taj properties in the month of March did 
exceedingly well but next year it’s not there. But thereafter, it’s there once every 2 
years. So it is there. This year, it is G20 and no airshow in March. Next year there will 
be an airshow. So something keeps happening in the sector and a one off event of 
course is World Cup soccer or a World Cup cricket or Olympics, these are one time 
big events. So that benefit is definitely there this year for cricket, also for G20. But if 
that was not there, just imagine the kind of facilities that have got built. So very 
soon, the big convention centre in Pragati Maidan as well as in Dwarka in Delhi will 
be open which were built for this but later starts getting  used for other purposes. So 
in my career I have seen that, when I was a student, we were working in Asian 
Games Village because Asiad was happening in India. But that village did not move 
away because Asian Games got finished. That whole complex became a new 
attraction for that part of town. So lot of stadiums got built and then the stadium 
started getting used for day and night cricket matches, that’s how the day and night 
cricket and also for music concerts. So lot of things evolve. With time, they get built 
for one particular event but that facility cannot be moved. Actually it is another 
improvement in the infrastructure and as I said before, any improvement in the 
infrastructure has a direct co-relation just like RevPAR has a direct co-relation with 
our business. Improvement in infrastructure, having that facility, ability to hold 
10,000 delegates under one roof which was not there before increases your reach to 
the world to get those kind of convention. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Right, right. Last question from my side. In AMA, how many of the properties are 
group company owned properties and are there any 3rd party properties that also we 
are acquiring? Any strategy out there? 

    
Capital Markets Day 
35 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
 
We only own 2. The rest we service and we typically charge 15pc of the topline as 
the management fee and 3pc as marketing contribution. However going forward, we 
might tweak that model and build a few of those on the land banks that we have. 
We haven’t done that as yet and as I said, we were checking the viability but we 
might do that going forward. Only 2 of the 114 that we have total in the portfolio are 
owned by us. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Right sir. Since you mentioned that the land opposite to this building is there, what  
is the status there in terms of approvals, etc.? 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
The status is that the file has been moving for the last two quarters. That's the 
positive news I can give. It was not moving, it was stuck for several years, but for the 
last two quarters its moving. And any quarterly call or a capital market day would be 
incomplete so thank you for asking that question. 
Mr. Pranav: 
Thanks a lot, and congrats for great performance.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Thank you. 
Mr. Karan Khanna: 
Am I audible? I guess, I’m. Good evening, Mr. Chhatwal and Giri, this is Karan Khanna 
from Ambit Capital. I had the first question on the demand side of the cycle and also 
upside that's still left in the room rates. So, survey by STR that tracks the top reason 
why people will not travel or perhaps reduced travel until 2022. This used to be 
because of COVID. But now it's the cost of travel. So do you think that the change in 
consumer sentiment and the fact that most of the international routes are now fully 
operational, especially to Middle East Asian and Southeast Asian countries, how 
should one think about the upside that still left in the room rates. You spoke about 
double digit, you know, upside in the room rate in FY 24 and some of the other listed 
hoteliers also spoke about low to mid-digit upside in the room rates. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
36 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
See, there are certain events in our life which change or have an impact on the 
behavior. So, I don't know how many of you in this hall actually, after the first wave, 
started driving yourself and go on a holiday. Or started combining business with 
leisure and you know, go to a destination where there is a good Wi-Fi. So, I usually 
give this figure which is a very easy one, let's assume that it was only 10 million 
people out of a population of 1.5 billion, who started driving themselves and got 
used to it. First time was very difficult, because if you had not done it before, second 
time was less difficult. Third time, it became normal to do that. So, of those 10 
million people, if only 10%, which means only 1 million people are doing it 
permanently in whole of India. These are just fictitious figures and they only spent 
seven nights in a year, once two nights, once three nights and one more time 
another three nights or two nights, right? Then that is seven times 1 million is 7 
million additional room nights, which were not there before. So that is what is 
having an impact because the term bleisure was coined maybe 10-15 years ago, but 
it did not happen to the extent that it is happening now. So, if there is a holiday, 
there were people also going before, if a holiday was there on Tuesday, you take a 
Monday off and leave on Friday evening and come back on a Tuesday evening. But 
the amount of that happening now is higher than it was happening before because 
there is that change. And also again, through improved infrastructure. I have not 
done it myself, a friend of mine recently had organized his company's business 
conference in Jaipur and he drove and he said to me, while he was on that highway 
called me and said, you actually have to see this new highway which is going to link 
Delhi and Mumbai and a part of that goes through to Jaipur and this is as good as 
any other highway you would have seen in the world. So, this is the way things are 
changing. We are in a very dynamic kind of a situation where demand is back, supply 
is constrained, infrastructure development is moving fast. Even government is 
talking about tourism, which was mentioned by the honorable Finance Minister in 
the budget speech. And we had post budget also meetings as I chair the CII National 
Council on Tourism, I can say that we have spoken more about tourism and what we 
can do and a Global Tourism Investment Summit is also planned to be held in Delhi 
in the next months, the date is to be confirmed. All this was not happening to the 
extent earlier. So, these are for a sector like us it's a positive and we have not seen 
so many positives come together and that how what you said rightly is 
demonstrated in the results that are being announced quarter on quarter by 
different listed companies that we can all read. 
Mr. Karan Khanna: 
Thanks for the clarification. My second question is on the supply. So, you spoke 
about four and a half percent supply CAGR over the last three years. Let's take the 
number as 1,60,000 branded room inventory in the country today and possibly 
expected to go to 1,90,000 rooms by FY 25. If I look at the data, so you have close to 
5,000 rooms that are getting added. Recently, Tony Capuano when he was in India, 
he spoke about doubling their hotels from close to 110 hotels in 21, to nearly 250, 

    
Capital Markets Day 
37 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
hotels by 2025. And other hoteliers like Wyndham, Harcourt, and even domestic 
player like Lemon Tree also talking about very strong pipeline. So, if you can help us 
understand, you know, how confident are you want the supply continuing to be 
lower, in fact, significantly lower than the demand that you're suggesting? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
See, we don't know about others, especially the international ones that you 
mentioned, but as a publicly listed company, when we speak about our pipeline, it is 
something which is legally binding, contracts which are signed, have been 
announced and are in different stages of development. So, we are very confident of 
that supply opening. So that's one. The other thing is you have to go back to the 
slide, which I showed about smart. In the kind of strategic growth, where we are 
talking about a balanced portfolio, how we are coupling the asset heavy with the 
asset light. I think that is far more critical than just doing flag planting and just adding 
number of rooms we're not in the business of taking rooms to the bank account. 
Rooms is an enabler. A new hotel is an enabler. So, we tried to find the right balance 
of asset management, of introducing new brands, continue to reimagine our brand 
scape and that is the beauty when you own 50% of your portfolio, right? So, you 
have to take care of that, which drives your operating leverage. And then you talk 
about the new supply that you keep adding to balance that risk, in case there is a 
downside, or in order to expedite growth. If you build everything yourself, you 
cannot have the speed of growth that you have now. So, I think it's a lot of 
parameters and lot of pillars that need to come together to build this house of 
brands in the way that we are building and still keep like Achal was saying and still 
keep aiming for higher and higher margin and absolute growth. So, it's a 
combination of a lot of things and I remain confident that we will keep having our 
growth. 
Mr. Karan Khanna: 
Thank you. Last two questions for Giri. Giri firstly, on the GIC platform. Any update 
on acquisitions there and whether there's anything in the pipeline that you're 
working on or is it likely that it will be status quo and any plans to extend the same 
beyond 2024, given that adding 2000 rooms in one year could prove to be very 
difficult?  
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
No, I think it is status quo. We continue to kind of engage and kind of explore 
opportunities. But at this point of time, I think I would more look at it as one of the 
opportunities for acquisition rather than one single platform. So, I think that's the 
way it should be, they're great partners, and I think we will continue to do so. 
Mr. Karan Khanna: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
38 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
And lastly, I think in the last capital market day, you spoke about 35% of EBITDA 
coming from the new businesses, including management contracts does that 
number still hold true or is there any changes to that? 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
But that is true, isn't it? Because I think the management contracts do add a 
significant flow through. And I think what we're saying is that, as we add these new 
asset light businesses, they need to be able to contribute margins in excess of that 
35% and that's true. And I think we spoke, I think, Ginger we spoke about, we spoke 
about management contracts. So that is true actually. 
Mr. Karan Khanna: 
That's it for my side. Thank you and have a good day. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Just I will add to what you asked earlier is on the consolidation opportunities, they 
will come in near future because that ECLGS scheme that we tried to get for the 
sector, which we got and then the improvement, you know, ECLGS 1.2 and 2.2. 
That's the emergency credit line guarantee scheme, which basically replace to your 
old debt from a new one at some better terms, but the debt is not gone. So, at some 
point certain of those variables need to be achieved. And because of that, some 
opportunities will come. And that was very good for the sector, but it will not help 
100%, it could help maybe 90-95% still 5-7% will come and that positions us well 
together with GIC to have a platform, so should something come up at least we have 
a platform that has the capability of absorbing that supply or well positioned to take 
advantage of that growth, that is possible.  
Mr. Karan Khanna: 
Thank you and best of luck for the year ahead. 
Mr. Jayesh Shah: 
Hi, this is Jayesh Shah. My question is to Puneet and Giri both. I think the whole 
presentation focused more on the non-hotel revenues, which is my primary interest. 
And in a way, this revenue stream actually takes away the cyclicality. So am I thinking 
right when I actually look at the numbers now that Ginger plus SATS plus Chambers 
is actually more than the net profit of the company. And given the aggressive growth 
rate that we have for these three businesses, in the next five years, they can actually 
marginalize the hotel revenues, if I can put it lightly. And these are the stable annuity 
kind of revenues, which can keep growing without any cyclicality, which also means 
that there are different challenges and upsides and how do you see this whole mix 
changing and I'm talking of next five years more qualitatively? 

    
Capital Markets Day 
39 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
See today, I don't know the exact number, but I don't think this is higher than 15 to 
18% of our total EBITDA, the new businesses, what maybe we have not achieved 
fully, that's why you ask this question is any new business that we will enter into has 
to have a threshold of 35% or more EBITDA margin, because then I'd rather focus on 
a 30 or 32 of the existing assets that we own. We don't expect this to change, our 
ambition or aspiration and with all the possibilities that we have on execution, make 
us believe that in three to five years, what is today sub-15, if it grows to 30% of the 
total EBITDA that we have, then we would be extremely pleased because that 70 
that has been achieved or more than 70 that is coming today has also come over 
almost a century. Even if we discount the first 70 years because first 70 years, we 
had only one hotel. In 73, the second Taj hotel opened. So, if we take only the last 
50, these brands need to have at least 5 to 10 years to become stable. There is a 
consequence of keeping the same name as I said we kept Ginger because it's a good 
name, it's sat in the right company, it was very relevant in the Indian context. But for 
us it's like a totally re-imagine new brand. And if Ginger plus AMA plus this private 
membership club business which was always there but it was only to support the Taj. 
So, this membership club business and the Qmin, if four of them together become 
25% of our top line then the diversification of the top line would have happened in a 
very great way. Because Chambers membership fees is 85% flow through. A good 
Ginger is definitely above 50% margin and a very good Ginger in Mumbai could be 
above 60% margin. So, these high margin businesses will take away and AMA is a 
60% margin business. So, and Qmin is already basically sweating your existing 
infrastructure. We have not spent any money in either building an AMA or a Qmin. 
So, it's all, so it's reflected the profitability of Qmin is at both the hotel level and at a 
corporate level because it sits in a different company and it pays a fee. So that's why 
we cannot exactly take it out either how much is coming here we can always give 
that guidance and number. So, it is integrated approach because it is improving and 
re-imagining your brand scape. So, a Qmin in a Ginger is helping a Ginger. But that 
all-day dining was always there. It's only got, you know, becoming a more cookie 
cutter, more standardized, more premium and more stylish. So that's how also those 
investments are also needed which will always, you know, in the existing 59 Ginger 
hotels if 50 are relevant or 40, will add 40 Qmin they don't come for nothing some 
cost is there whether you paint or you add new furniture or you add in a swing or 
whatever we have to do out there. 
Mr. Jayesh Shah: 
I thought Ginger at 400 and Chambers at 400 means 800 crores revenue at almost 50 
to 60% net margin if I had PBT level it makes a significant difference and probably 
these two businesses can scale up into 2x or 3…. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
40 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Sure, but the rest is not sleeping that's also… The Taj as you saw went from 4,000 to 
8,000 is 4000 crores and if Taj is doing a 30% margin that is 1200 coming from there 
alone. So that's and there are 19 more Taj hotels expected to open and a lot of more 
asset management. So that is the top line diversification we talked about that it will 
keep growing and in that high growth story, if the new brands or newly re-imagined 
brands can take a significant percentage of it, then we are in a very, very, very good 
position to face any kind of downturn that comes.  
Mr. Jayesh Shah: 
And my second question is when can your international hotels hit the company level 
EBITDA margins, qualitatively? I'm not asking you to commit to a particular year or a 
deadline. But do you see that visibility, are you internally confident say it will happen 
in three to five years? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Okay, I'll answer it the way it is. One is an accounting challenge. Our international 
hotels do not get, I’ll let Giri answer the second part, for tax reasons and other 
reasons wherever we get a management fee, it gets accounted in IHCL stand-alone 
out here. It is not accounted in the international. So even in London, a part is in the 
profit and the other part is coming as fees. So, the picture looks diluted when all the 
analyst and investor community sees it. Second, it is not possible to drive 40% 
EBITDA margin in New York City. It's just not, it's not doable with the kind of food 
and beverage we have. It's not happening in the industry. I mean, there may be a 
few exceptions here or there but for various reasons. But if you're a well governed 
company, and you're following all the rules, laws, practices, 280 room property in 
New York cannot do 40% margin. And if it happens to be the pier overlooking the 
Central Park, because, again, very iconic, more than 100 years old asset it has certain 
investment needs. Same thing is on the salaries, costs and wages. The site costs in 
operation in a European context, the labor cost is almost double than that in India. 
But it is not because the person is earning more in that context, maybe earning the 
same. But it's all the pension system, the Social Security, the health coverage, the 
unemployment insurance, that's why when they went through COVID, they could 
follow people because the rest you could get from the unemployment insurance. 
And that's why we didn't do anything because you take away life and livelihood of 
people so that was a very different context but you also pay in that context. 
Everybody has a deduction from both employee and employer point of view, that's 
why those kinds of margins are not possible in a Western Hemisphere context.  
Mr. Jayesh Shah: 
And are they possible under management contracts? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
41 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Yes, it is possible, which is not in the hotel P&L, those margins on what you account 
for, because we are only accounting for the management fee. But a hotel level is 
very difficult. 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
And I think Jayesh, I think in any portfolio, you will always have portfolios which are 
revenue drivers and portfolios which are profit drivers as well, actually. And I think 
and therefore having a New York and London property is very good in terms, you 
know, you need to balance it and that's where the capital allocation also comes in. 
When you look at revenue, profit and capital, you need to look at all of it together 
actually. And hence, and that's the way we will manage actually. 
Mr. Jayesh Shah: 
Thank you very much. That's all, yeah. 
Mr. Kunal: 
Hi, this is Kunal from CLSA. Puneet, you highlighted earlier that you know Greenfield 
capacity is difficult to put up today because of the high cost… 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
I can’t hear. Can you speak louder? Yeah. 
Mr. Kunal: 
You highlighted earlier that you know Greenfield capacity is difficult to put up today 
at the current cost levels because the returns have long gestation. But my question is 
like if not today then, when you know because like you know if you look at the 
industry level the margins are at their peak levels or rather like record highs, ROCE 
are pretty healthy. And like you highlighted in your presentation that you know there 
are macro tailwinds behind us. So, would you even at the current profitability levels, 
will you not anticipate any, you know, addition? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
No, we said that's why we are very confident of our pipeline because we are a very 
strong brand. We command RevPAR premium so people who are building with us 
will continue to build and also, they will get funding because our name is there. It's 
not that easy to get funding for hotel business specially when banks are still not out 
of the challenges, they have because of the COVID with other partners, right? So, it's 
a… but not for us, it's not an issue. And that is why we open 16 hotels, we're opening 
20 hotels, or maybe even more in this current financial year, it's because hotels are 
getting built and as I said, myself, 60% is new built, and 20 is brown. So, it's 80% of 

    
Capital Markets Day 
42 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
that what is coming in, if it is going to be in some form of new construction, then 
obviously the supply gets built, but the speed will not be the same as it was, let's say, 
in 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, I mean, that time the supply rate growth was much 
higher. 
Mr. Kunal: 
And relative question to that is, you know, because of the high profitability of the 
industry, like how is the competitive intensity on the management contract side, 
because, you know, your peer group is also going through management contracts. So 
how is the competitive intensity then? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
I think it's not something that we keep doing like kind of a price cutting to get a 
management contract, you know, when somebody comes and wants to tie up with 
us. And if everything is right, the site is right, is a right fit for the brand. Then in a 
scheme and scope of things with the given what a project costs, I don't think is the 
fee is such a sensitive thing for any owner. I think is more important is are you the 
choice, preferred choice, as a brand or as a partner so with Taj, we never face any 
issues. Anybody who could get Taj would always prefer a Taj, including by the global 
majors in a recently held conference in Bangalore, a global CEO said, you know, 
when we try to compete, we find it difficult with a Taj or we recognize whatever 
words he used, but something like that. So, of course, with our new brands, we have 
competition, we have competition with Vivanta, but with Ginger, again, our business 
model is different. We are putting the money where our mouth is. If we are saying 
we are going to do an operating lease, then that is a rent agreement, then you are 
like a landlord, and you're a tenant. So, I don't think it's also not always just a 
management contract, it’s also the business model and which brand we're talking 
about.  
Mr. Kunal: 
Sure, thanks. Yeah.  
Mr. Sumanth: 
Hi, this is Sumanth we are from Motilal Oswal  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Just a… Sumanth. We’ve completely neglected the online.  
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
43 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
No, no, I think no, somebody's tracking, Mohit is tracking there. Do we have 
questions or online at this point of time? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Okay, so we continue?  
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Yeah.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Okay. Sumanth. 
Mr. Sumanth: 
So, can you talk about hourly basis charges in hotel industry and how it is helping 
Indian hotel industry and Indian hotel for ARR?  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Sorry Sumanth, excuse me in the back, can we somehow increase the volume of the 
mic because it cannot be that everyone who speaks we can't hear. 
Mr. Sumanth: 
So, can you talk about hourly basis charges for hotel and how it is helping Indian 
hotel industry? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Hourly basis?  
Mr. Sumanth: 
Yes.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
You mean like Nirata, airport hotel with two hours or four hour?  
Mr. Sumanth: 
Yeah.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 

    
Capital Markets Day 
44 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
It's very small, it’s just 10-15 rooms out there. You know, that is like the German 
expression is where the fish not flies. It’s neither fish nor meat nor anything. It's like 
a drop in the whole sector, how much we want to Sumanth that is not a model. 
There are other models like this in the western hemisphere for our label, that's for a 
very different segment, which will not enter into. 
Mr. Sumanth: 
Why I'm asking, the kind of, the way rate is increasing and the business travel, you 
might need three four hour stay for hotels. So, do you think the trend is going to 
increase from here? 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
I think the airport hotels will do, like if I take Taj Santa Cruz as an example. The 
occupancy there is more than 90% and I think being where it is next to the airport. I 
mean, I think I know that that hotel also does day use kind of charges actually but as 
Puneet said, it is specific to that hotel actually. So, I was in Tirupati the other day 
where you know where people go from Chennai and other places to Tirupati they 
just need the hotel for a few hours. So those opportunities may be very specific to 
certain contexts actually. So, and I think hotel general managers will take those 
opportunities in terms of doing it. But is it going to be the bulk of the occupancy and 
rate? No, I think it will just add to the cream is what I would say, actually. 
Mr. Sumanth: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Mr. Amit Agarwal: 
I’m Amit Agarwal from Nuvama Wealth. My question pertains to your strategy 
Puneet, I mean, in the current context with the markets always looking good in 
terms of hospitality, you have a very aggressive growth strategy. So, first question is, 
what are in your mind, what would be the key risks to this strategy because the 
situations can change very, very quickly, we seen that. My second question comes 
to, with this aggressive growth strategy, which you have, how are you good at 
maintaining the quality control, because end of the day people are paying for the Taj 
brand, and the quality control gets lost, you lose the brand image. That's all thanks. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
So, second one is easy, we have that whole focus on culture, on trust awareness, joy 
across all brands, and all the things that we do consistently with or without COVID, 
or in a boom or a doom time, our focus has been very strong on culture. We can 
boast of a very strong culture that has been created, which we also call Taj-ness for 
generations now, I think it's third or fourth generation. So, and it's in the DNA of the 

    
Capital Markets Day 
45 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
of the group and within the group in the company so that part is quite intact. On the 
growth, aggressive growth, I think that actually helps to keep the culture, you know 
why? When people don't get growth, they leave the organization. So, what has 
happened is that a lot of our people, including the current management team, that 
you see at the executive committee level, or one level lower, they've all got 
promoted at least once or twice. If somebody was a Senior Vice President then is 
today an Executive Vice President, if somebody was a VP is a senior Vice President, 
including the person sitting in this hotel, when I joined was a General Manager then 
he became an Area Director. He was from one hotel is now having 35 hotels. So, 
what is the risk? There are risks because not every person is able to grow to that 
role. The question is, how can you mitigate that risk by giving them further 
education, training, experience, exposure, etc. Because one hand is great, you're 
able to retain, have people you grow from within. But otherwise, those terms would 
not have existed, that there comes a ceiling for everyone at some point of time. 
Where so that's one risk is how you grow from within, keep the culture and still 
absorb that kind of growth. So, the question is very relevant. Second, risk, which is, 
when you become a very high growth company, sometimes one gets carried away. 
So, I hope it does not happen, at least we will not let it happen, it's not a part of our 
strategy, then you start buying assets or buying companies here or there, we don't 
have any such plan. If there was anything, it will be communicated. But that is 
obviously the risk because most of those mistakes in the sector have always 
happened traditionally, at the top of the cycle. So, when you're in a cyclical business 
everything is going great. You just tend to think you can, you know, dance on water 
or, you know, do things which are not normal, and then the next downturn is around 
the corner, and then it comes in hurts. So, it's not, I'm not talking about us, I'm 
talking across the globe, across the sector's history, that has been the case. And 
that's why a lot of people call hotel investments to be anti-cyclical. You should try to 
invest when it's the cycle is not that strong, so that by the time you finish building or 
renovating or re-imagining, re-positioning, hopefully you start hitting the upswing, 
but you also did not pay a fortune because you went when the cycle was weak. 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Just conscious that people have been in the room for two and a half hours. Do you 
want to continue this over coffee? Just online, is there any question online?  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
No, no. One last question, if anybody wants then otherwise, we continue our coffee. 
Yes. 
Mr. Prateek: 
Yeah, good evening, this is Prateek from Jefferies, I have couple of questions. So, 
inflation in broader economy seems to be like sort of cooling off. So, does that tow 

    
Capital Markets Day 
46 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
into our margins, given we are like looking at slightly higher Revpar growth vs what 
inflation is trending currently, and also in that context how's the staff shortage 
currently in the industry verses what was looked at a year back? 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Good question Prateek. Inflation cooling off is good at least we don’t have to work 
on the raw material cost so that will be a positive. More important internally where 
especially because of the Ukraine issue, the energy cost have gone through the roof. 
So, I think that would be a big help if that comes down also. Shortage of, you know, 
there was always a shortage of people. Good people is very difficult to find so that’s 
why what we have done is we have launched a series of programs and we have 
tripled our L&D budget. We have Gaurav who heads our HR and we are even 
encouraging people from non-hotel training, if they have a good business degree and 
have up to five years of experience to come and become within five years a General 
Manager of a hotel which was you know, 10, 20, 30 years unheard of. So, I think we 
are doing a lot of things, apprenticeship, scholarship, sending people abroad, giving 
them exposure, Dubai people coming here, our people going to Dubai and London. 
We just sent a task force because there was a shortage of people to London. We 
might be doing soon some of that in the US. But that shortage is more applicable the 
way I’m looking at it is really in the West. I mean, even now the airports, if you are 
having a connecting flight the likelihood that your baggage does not make it is very 
high, it’s not 50%, it’s like more like 70% unless there is lot of time for connecting 
flight. So, things are a bit difficult, lot of people left the sector but that’s really for 
countries which don’t have the kind of younger population and kind of you know 
people very excited to go and do something. We don’t have that issue here. On the 
contrary we have seen the kind of loyalty that we have seen from our people of 
course a few left when they were offered higher salaries or, you know, like they got 
better proposals from the outside but most of the people did not and they did not 
because of the way we treated them during COVID. Them, their families, the 
community, everything and I think your generation and the one generation after you 
these things matter to people a lot. They always mattered but they are becoming 
more and more important including your commitment to ESG, all those kind of 
programs that we have in place that kind of that’s not a customer loyalty with Tata 
new that is employer branding and employer loyalty which you get by doing the right 
things. 
Mr. Pratik: 
Right, one last question, this is just to understand the deadline, so on pricing. When 
we compare the current period verses 2004 to 2008 period so in terms of like for like 
pricing in various segments where are we currently verses that period and also 
probably if we can understand the pace of growth what we saw that time in terms of 
year-on-year growth and RevPAR pricing that time how does that compare to what 
we saw in FY 23? 

    
Capital Markets Day 
47 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
See that you are always modelling when you are asking a question so what to put in 
a model. You know there is one thing missing, at that time if Bangalore had 400 
dollar as a pricing, the dollar was 40 or even less. So, if you took the rupee 
equivalent, we are there, almost there today. So, it’s not adjusted for inflation, it’s 
back there in despite a humongous amount of supply that is gone in as an example in 
that market. So, there is but if you take it in dollars then we are far behind. But I 
think most of our cost is in rupee so let’s look at it in rupees only and we have a way 
to go so I think a further increase if it was to come this year and next year would get 
us closer to the values which you could compare it to 2006 or 07. 
Mr. Pratik: 
Okay sure, thank you and all the best.  
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Thank you everyone. Okay, this is the last question otherwise later we take 
everything outside. 
Speaker: 
The only question I had is if you have an update for the Port Trust demand. Is there 
updated status that you have? 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
No, I think, no. I think we are very clear, if you have seen the balance sheet and all 
that what we have been disclosing, I think, what we pay is in line with an agreement 
with Port Trust way back in 2004 and the bases our entire case. So, there is no 
update. There is no update and we believe that our case is very, very strong. 
Speaker: 
Thanks 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi: Executive Vice President & CFO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Thank you. 
Mr. Puneet Chhatwal: MD & CEO, Indian Hotels Company Ltd.: 
Thank you everyone, if there are more questions, we will take them outside. 
Moderator. 

    
Capital Markets Day 
48 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Thank you, Mr. Chhatwal. Thank you, Mr. Sanjeevi. Thank you everyone for your 
participation today. We now have a Hi-Tea outside in the pre-function area and we 
would like to invite all of you there. Have a pleasant evening ahead. Thank you. 
(END OF TRANSCRIPT) 
