CIN 
- L15421WB1975PLCO030118 
Reg. Off. 
: FMC Fortuna, 2nd Floor, 234/3A, A. J. C. Bose Road, Kolkata - 700 020 
P 
: 033 2287 4749 
F 
:033 2283 4487 
E 
:bceml@beml.in 
W 
: www.chini.com 
BALRAMPUR CHINI MILLS LIMITED 
sn 
16 February, 2023 
   
  
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited | BSE Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 5th 
Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400051 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001 
  
 Scrip Code: BALRAMCHIN 
 Scrip Code: 500038 
 
  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Ref: 
Regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Sub: Transcript of earnings Conference Call 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript 
of the Q3 
& 9M FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call held on 13th February, 2023. 
The same is also uploaded on Company's website: www.chini.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
.Manoj Agarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
  
FACTORIES 
: BALRAMPUR 
| BABHNAN 
| TULSIPUR | HAIDERGARH 
| AKBARPUR | MANKAPUR 
| RAUZAGAON 
| KUMBHI | GULARIA 
| MAIZAPUR
Manoj 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Manoj 
Agarwal 
Date: 2023.02.16 
16:22:58 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 13, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Balrampur Chini Mills Q3 
and 9M FY23 Results Conference Call. 
We have with us, Mr. Vivek Saraogi – Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Avantika 
Saraogi – Business Lead; and Mr. Pramod Patwari – Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi 
to make his opening remarks. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you, Anoop. Good morning to everyone. And thank you for joining us on 
Balrampur’s Q3 & 9 M FY23 earnings conference call. I trust all of you had the 
opportunity to go through our ‘Results Presentation’ providing details of our ‘Operation 
and Financial Performance’. I will initiate the call with an update on the current 
developments in the sugar sector followed by our Company Highlights. 
According to the latest estimates from ISMA, Indian production is not expected to be 
at around 34 million tons, which was earlier forecasted at 36 tons-36.5 million tons. 
This is primarily owing to a lower yield in Maharashtra, Karnataka and  a little higher 
diversion owning to sugarcane juice and B-heavy being diverted towards ethanol 
production. Sugar production in Maharashtra is expected to decrease to 12 million 
from 13.7 million, UP is predicted to remain at 10.2, Karnataka is expected to 
decrease to 5.6 and others outside these 3 major states at is expected ~6 million tons 
to 6.2 million tons making for a total sugar production of 34 million tons. The 
government has already allowed an export of 6 million tons. And just to sort of set the 
balance sheet in order, opening stock was ~5.5 million tons, 34 million tons is our 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
estimated sugar production, export 6 million tons, consumption between 27.5 million 
tons to 28 million tons. So, inventory at best could go up to 5.5 million tons to 6.0 
million tons. So, we will probably end this season with an inventory, which is similar 
to the preceding season. 
Moving on to the update on ethanol sector: 
Most of you are aware, India has made remarkable progress in increasing the blend 
with the petrol ratio to 10%. Government has set a goal of 20% in 2025-2026. E20 
fuel at 84 retail outlets have been launched and this is sure and certain move toward 
20% blending. And you are aware of how much interest and attention the Hon’ble 
Prime Minister is giving to this program. 
On the business front: 
The Company’s results for the quarter were impacted by lower sugar sales volume  
owing to lower quota. Untimely rains in east UP and some delays for our new projects 
based on late supply of machinery have caused a late start, but in our area, we do 
not have any diversion of cane. So, our initial crushing estimate is our current estimate 
also, maybe we are seeing  yield which is marginally better than what we expected. 
So, we should be able to crush this season  ~1,030 lakh quintals to 1,040 lakh  and 
we are hoping for a better recovery and the trend is already showing on C-basis 
because that is the only barometer because we have B-heavy and juice diversion. 
So, our C-heavy expectation on recovery this year is hopefully better than last year. 
Coming to our Distillery business: 
I am pleased to announce that Maizapur and Balrampur units have successfully 
installed the state-of-the-art distillery facility. Maizapur is working on a full-fledged 
100% syrup diversion. So, not even a single bag of sugar is going to be produced in 
Maizapur this year. Balrampur is working on a 2/3 sugar and 1/3 juice formula and 
everything has been done as per our expectation sugar capacity, modernization of 
Balrampur Babhnan, Balrampur distillery. Maizapur distillery, Gularia expansion was 
done last year. 
So, the sum total of this is Balrampur would have a 1,050 KLPD installed capacity, 
which will allow us to produce ~35 crore liters on an annual basis. This ethanol year 
we are targeting a production for the sugar season, including ENA ~30 crore liters. 
Next year with some enhancement of cane which we are very certain of, we would be 
able to produce ~35 crore liters. So, this would make Balrampur a major contributor 
and probably the largest supplier in terms of volume delivered to the OMC in the 
country. 
In conclusion: 
We remain committed towards maximum return from each stick of cane crushed 
which has helped us generate sustainable value for the shareholders. 
As part of this commitment, I am happy to inform Board of Directors have declared 
an interim dividend of Rs. 2.5 per share of Rs. 1 each. 
Further, we have initiated our 6th consecutive buyback which had commenced on 
16th November. As of 10th February, the Company has bought back 4,55,723 equity 
shares. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
So, with this, I handover the mic to Pramod. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go 
through our detailed ‘Results Presentation’ that has been shared with you wherein all 
‘Financial Performance’ including quantitative data have been given. 
To ensure that we have a larger portion of time for Q&A, I would like to request the 
moderator to opening the forum. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session.  
We take the first question from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, till December, the recovery numbers are very good. Can you give some latest 
updates about the same, how has been the month of Jan and Feb till now on the 
recovery front? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
At this point of time, we have crossed last year’s recovery. The trend is obviously 
positive, but impossible to give you figures beyond that. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, second question was with respect to our crushing capacity. Given the availability 
of cane, if it’s not a constraint, what is the upper limit of cane which can be practically 
crushed in a quarter? Can we crush say more than 600 lakh quintals because I think 
the last best what we had done is around 590 lakh quintals in 4Q FY20. So, given the 
debottlenecking we have done, so what is the current maximum we can do in a 
quarter? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, while Pramod is calculating this, I am going to reply to you on season basis. Our 
ideal cane crush should be closer to 12 crore quintals, between 11.5 crore quintal to 
12 crore quintals of cane. We are targeting about 10.3-10.4 crore quintals this year, 
another 1.5 crore quintals we can crush with this capacity. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, Shailesh, for the sugar season, 10.30 crore quintals is what we have stated. And 
for the FY23, looks like between 9.25 crore quintals to 9.5 crore quintal of cane. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just some data keeping questions. Out of the total ethanol contract we have 
entered into 26.75 crore, can you give the breakup of pending volumes under different 
routes? 
Pramod Patwari: 
I think that is given in the presentation. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
But that is pending volumes or there are the total volumes under the FY23. Assuming 
that we have done some shipment in the month of December. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, we had given the breakup of 26.7 crore litres in the presentation, 8.79 crore litres 
on account of juice, 5.37 crore litres is grain based, 0.25 crore litres is C-heavy, and 
rest is B-heavy. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So, that is henceforth 26.75 crore litres from Jan, mean from December nothing has 
gone. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
This is from 1st December. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
1st December. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
1st December. So, that is the reason I wanted the breakup of that pending volumes if 
it’s possible to share. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
It does not make any sense. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I can take it offline, no problem. Sir, can you also give a split between domestic and 
export quantity and realizations for the quarter? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Realizations we have stated in the presentation, export was around INR 37 per 
quintals plus at 6.5 lakh quintal was around export. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, last question from my side. We are operating one of the biggest ethanol 
production operational facility in India, if I am not wrong. So, can you share if there is 
any headroom for further expansion on that front? Is there any scope for that? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, good question. Depending on the availability of cane as I said, if we look to crop, 
we will align ourselves to this based on next year’s availability and then take a 
decision. There is scope to expand greenfield juice project. There is scope for 
everything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI Direct.  
Sanjay Manyal: 
Just 1 question on the varietal front. Is it now clear to say that Co 0238 is a waning 
variety? And as we are changing our sugarcane variety in our catchment area, what 
could be the proportion of newer variety and what it would be next season? And is it 
safe to say that the recovery and the yield would be similar to Co 0238? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Avantika Could you take it forward 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the question. About varietal balance, 
definitely, it’s safe to say Co 0238 is a waning variety. And as we stand today, we are 
already in a very good varietal balance in ratoon as well as plant. We have 4-5 good 
varieties in the pipeline and any dependence on any single variety is completely 
reduced. So, anytime we see anything happening, we are free to switch within a year 
itself. Having said that, if it is going to be 4-5 varieties, we would not ideally like to 
take any one variety more than 30%, between 20% and 30% depending on the 
conditions of any particular factories. That’s what I can say and even now this is under 
play. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, Avantika, his question was twofold. I think he is looking for the recovery impact 
on the newer variety. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Definitely, 0238 has become a benchmark for us and we don’t want to go below it in 
anyway. So, all the varieties that we are now constituting are good in terms of yield 
and recovery as compared to 0238. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, if may just take this ahead, the newer varieties which are in play, my personal 
view the recovery is slightly better. And yield might be slightly lower. So, to get our 
cane, we are looking to do better at ratoon management and higher area under cane. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Sir, should I complete the thought on cane now? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
So, I just want to say that this crushing season, we have a 15% increase in cane 
availability. Next year, also, as my dad was mentioning, we will increase cane further 
by another 5% to 15% depending on weather condition. Last year, we did very, very 
good ratoon management practices, which is usually where east UP lags behind, and 
therefore, our yield and acreage of ratoon have increased this season. And the figures 
are absolutely coinciding with our plans and predictions. We have kept all insect pest 
diseases under control and we are always vigilant so that nothing gets a chance to 
increase in our area and give us any serious hit. Also, our tissue culture lab is running 
on full capacity and our healthy and pure seed distribution program has already begun 
from it. This will further help us maintain a good varietal balance and disease and 
insect free crops in the future. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Just a follow-up. You mentioned the recoveries are better than Co 0238 as of now. 
So, are you talking about the current status of recovery or the peak recovery we got 
in Co 0238? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I gave you a view on the current season that as of today we have crossed last year’s 
recovery, as on 12th February let us say. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
I think his question is Co 0238 at its peak versus other varieties at its peak, correct? 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Correct, right. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
So, we, like I said, whenever we do any testing, we are benchmarking with 0238’s 
performance, which we've enjoyed for such a long period of time. So, it's like 0238 at 
its peak definitely. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
And just I think last quarter, we mentioned that our distillery volume for the FY23 
should be somewhere around 22 crore liters. Do we stand with that guidance or is 
there any change given the fact that late start of crushing? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Your question is extremely right because of the late start, we are revising it. Now our 
expectation is between 20.5 crore litres to 21 crore litres for FY23. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Just let me put some more facts on the table, because this will lead to reasonable 
doubt on certain other inputs and certain other questions. So, we began let us say 
Balrampur distillery because of the late supply after 15th of December, sugar began 
after the 7th of December. Now, we were 20 days late at least. Maizapur began in 
about 4th December, 5th December, I mean, my dates might be off by 2, 3 days. So, 
these volumes had got shifted to next year, both the cane volume and the distillation 
volume. So, as we spoke, our crushing for the season remains unchanged, maybe 
0.5%, 1% higher only. Our distillation volumes have been mentioned by Pramod, 30 
crore litres plus slightly, between 30-31 crore litres probably. So, these 2 figures 
remain sacrosanct. Balance  what doesn't happen in March will happen in April. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Just one last on the sales of bagasse, if it is possible for you to mention what would 
be the bagasse sale in 9 months FY23 compared to last year and income tax rate for 
FY23, FY24, and FY25? That’s it from my side. 
Pramod Patwari: 
We’ll have to work out and we’ll revert. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
We’ll revert. However, this year, bagasse are sold at a much higher price than last 
year. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right. I'll take that offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada Abakkus AMC.  
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, my first question on the crushing part itself and specifically for FY23, if we are 
doing 77,000 odd TCD per day, then this 9.25 to 9.5 crore quintal number that you've 
given, isn't it a bit lower from FY23 perspective? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
As I told you, if we began our season late, your FY23 reduces. Now, if I had begun 
on 20th November and I had begun on let’s say, 10th of January, that is the reason it 
is going to be lower this year. We have lesser number of crushing days in the current 
balance sheet in the period beginning November whatever to March end. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And from that perspective, if we are saying that the yield or the crop yield will increase 
by another 3% to 5% in next sugar season, so that basically sort of helps us go back 
to the 11 crore sort of a number. Is that possible in the coming year or so? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. I think we’ve already explained, 1030 plus would be our crushing expectation 
this season. Avantika is going to get it 5% to 15% enhancement next year. So, let's 
say there is a 10% plus enhancement next year, next year we’ll crush 11.5 crore 
quintals. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, secondly just on the ethanol front, for 3Q, I think in the presentation you've given 
the realization for C-heavy, B-heavy. Could you highlight the realization for sugar 
syrup, as in sugarcane juice and grain based for the quarter? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Grain based is 55.5 and that one is 65.6. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, let’s just be very clear, there is no need to ask any Company in the country on 
these realizations, anything which goes from juice is 65.61, anything that goes from 
B-heavy, 60.73. There are 2 types of rice. One is the full rice, one is the broken rice. 
FCI, the full rice is 58.5 and the broken rice is 55.54. So, this is the realization of these 
products, whatever you've tendered, whatever you supply, each products price has 
been told to you. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And generally, as of now, for grain based, we're going to do it to FCI route, right? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, largely 
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, just my last question specifically again, from the overall inventory perspective, 
and if I see the quarter numbers where the change in inventory is, I think, close to 
around 230 odd crore in this particular quarter, sir, if you can just break this up for us 
in terms of how much has been due to sugar and how much has been due to ethanol? 
Pramod Patwari: 
This is already given in great detail in the presentation. We are holding around to 
15.85 lakh quintals of sugar and around 49 lakh liters of alcohol. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, was there any major change from a quarter-on-quarter perspective in ethanol for 
this particular because I think we are going through juice route, so we might be storing 
more B-heavy molasses as of now and maybe using it. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Whatever inventory we are holding, be it C-heavy, B-heavy, alcohol, sugar, all stated 
in the presentation. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Slide 27, you will find all the details. 
Nikhil Gada: 
I will take this offline maybe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from BOB Capital Markets. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, my first question is on the cost of production that we have seen. As my 
understanding goes because we had a late start and a low volume, so that's why fixed 
costs absorption did not take place. So, this will delay till April, and do we see a further 
extension of crushing days in April? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, absolutely. So, we see a spillage and therefore a much larger crushing in the 
FY24 balance sheet than we saw in FY23 the balance sheet in April and May. 
Anupam Goswami: 
And if you look at season wise, so now what the cost of production is at 41 or so, that 
will go down when this whole volume also picks up, right? Am I correct on that? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
100% 
Pramod Patwari: 
You may refer Slide 22. Last year also the cost of production was 4,100 at the end of 
9-month period, which went down to 3,400. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Very good. So, Pramod and his team has taken great pain in making the presentation. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Absolutely, sir. My next question on the strategy side, where do we see the mix of 
ethanol from all the sources and given that what sort of margin we’ll be looking at in 
the distillation front? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Margin will be a function of realization is being fixed by the government of India on an 
annual basis. And if you are comparing the distillery margin which we achieved few 
years back, that is not going to be the case because in those year, molasses was 
practically carried at zero value. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
If I may add, Pramod, the entire business is to stay inside the Company. It is a sectoral 
allocation, correct? 
Anupam Goswami: 
Right, sir. I'm talking about it excluding the transfer prices. If we exclude the transfer 
prices, given my understanding, a, sugar juice has a lower margin whereas grain is 
also slightly lower than the C-heavy also, so where do we see in the mix? Now that 
we are doing sugar juice as well as grain base, where do we see those margins 
compared to the last years or earlier years excluding the transfer prices? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Anupam, we have said again and again that this business needs to be seen from the 
totality perspective, the kind of realization which we are getting in sugar or we might 
get in future will be a function of how much of sugar is getting diverted into ethanol. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But even at the same time, see, it’s early days. It's a first in the country kind of a 
distillery when no sugar is made. So, though we are tracking the data very closely, 
I'm pretty certain that at the end of the season, the distilleries will throw up a pleasant 
surprise to what we thought. I'm not going to say that juice is going to be definitely 
lower than the B-heavy or grain is going to be lower. So, it's all work in progress and 
we will see how things go. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
So, down the line, let’s say, in 2 years, when we have industry diversion also much 
higher, so the vision is to have a higher sugar realization at like say 38, 39 sort of and 
that balance for the whole. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. And if juice price Government actually is seriously interested in getting 20%, they 
will have to incentivize from next year onwards. Yes, so if that happens, more juice, 
more juice at a lucrative price means lesser sugar, means a better sugar balance, 
etc. So, we remain structurally and fundamentally positive as we proceed into the 
future, both on the macro perspective and our Balrampur micro perspective. 
So, again, I'll just take the audience through the philosophy of our Company. Avantika 
had laid threadbare in front of you the kind of attention tissue culture lab, the kind of 
attention and the focus we are paying to cane, we have a centralized team which is 
out there and looking at all the 10 factories on a microscope basis. Our challenge is 
getting answered partly this year, and hopefully as we proceed, it should be very 
beneficial. So, if we are able to go up 15% this year, I don't think any Company and 
this is my guess till now, any Company will increase that much. As we proceed, if we 
keep getting our cane which we are more certain we will, you will see how the 
business will flourish, both in terms of volume in distillation as well as sugar, and we’ll 
also be able to achieve economies of scale, fixed cost will get reduced. 
So, we feel very positive that whatever ethanol one makes will get picked up at good 
prices. As we proceed, prices keep getting lucrative, that also is a tailwind towards 
sugar and sugar price with this bone, I would call this inventory bone thin inventory, 
with this bone thin inventory of 5.5, I feel that our price realization from now up to 
October should also gradually trend upwards. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, my last question is what is the price realization right now in Feb-Jan quarter? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
35.5 ballpark currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I just have two questions. One is the Gularia expansion. Sir, when will it be ready for 
us in term of the sugar season? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Gularia expansion got commissioned last year. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sorry, Kumbhi, the one you recently announced. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, obviously. This will be ready and up next season, November 23, next season. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sir, 2023, 2024, it will be fully operational. Is that correct? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, my second question is more of a strategic kind of question, how long do you 
see the fixed pricing on ethanol to continue? Because beyond 20% blending, there's 
still not much visibility in terms of flex fuel vehicles and so on. So, will this fixed pricing 
scenario for ethanol continue till eternity or there is something which can happen in 
between and what is the kind of game plan as a Company we have in order to counter 
that? 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, I would just begin by saying even life cannot continue in eternity. So, having said 
that, basically, let's understand the dynamics. Today, in this year, I think we’ll struggle 
to go to 12% blending for the year. As we proceed to take this blend upwards, you 
need juice diversion for which you need not only fixed pricing, but enhanced level of 
the current fixed pricing, I would call it incentivized pricing. So, to take you to 20 is 
going to be a task. To get to 20 is very tough, it's not easy, trust me, you’ll need a lot 
more capacity in place. That's first. So, to answer your first question, when 
government achieves 20, will it dump you? So, first of all, achieving 20 is for 3, 4 years 
away to my mind. Then when you achieve 20 and you have to be at 20 is not easy 
again. There's one year suppose there's a doubt something again a challenge. 
Thirdly, I am very clear that the government is on this move for improving flex fuel 
vehicles, there is incentive, there is a PLI scheme, there's a lot of work going on with 
auto manufacturers, there will be hybrid vehicles, there will be flex fuel vehicles.  
Cooking gas. There is going to be multiple usage government is thinking off. So, I 
would feel that this formula is here to live. See, it’s also important for this to lay 
because Government of India earlier used to give export subsidy. Now, if your 
production comes under control, that money does not leave the government hands. 
So, this pricing is to ensure even cane price payment. So, that also being the mandate 
of any represented government cannot go off the table. So, farmer is a very important 
part of not only our real economy, but of the political capital of the country. So, that 
again, won't go off the table. Three, this is paid for by the consumer and today seeing 
crude and exchange prices, it is not a negative item for the OMCs. Four, it is improving 
the carbon footprint, our Hon’ble Prime Minister has given the details of the number 
of carbon credits or carbon footprint savings we have achieved owing to this. So, it is 
foreign exchange positive. So, with all these 5 factors in play, I don't believe that, your 
anxiety is my anxiety. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right, sir. If I am permitted just one more question. If at all, you take a decision to 
expand ethanol capacity further, would it be concomitant upon increasing the juice 
pricing or we will do it nevertheless? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Economics is the reason why you would do business. So, we'll wait and watch. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from the Nuvama Wealth 
Research.  
Nishant Sharma: 
So, just wanted to have a breakup of sugar sales for this quarter out of 20.26 lakh 
quintal to exports and domestic breakup? 
Pramod Patwari: 
We have given that, 6.5 is the export, balance is domestic. 
Nishant Sharma: 
And out of our total export quota, what is left which is yet to be delivered. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, out of 1.98 lakh tons of export quota, we have contracted for physical export of 
1.4 lakh tons. Out of that, 65,000 tons already delivered within December and the 
balance maybe within March. And for the balance 58,000 tons of quota, we have 
exchanged with domestic release. 
Nishant Sharma: 
What's your view on the UP state advised price? Is there likely increase in that? And 
when is this likely to be announced? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Your guess is as good as mine. Having said that, it should have been announced, it’s 
not yet announced. Our view is it should not increase, but that’s a very personal view. 
The decision should come within February I hope. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM financial.  
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry if I am repeating the question. You talked about exports. Is it 65 or 55, 65,000, 
right? 
Pramod Patwari: 
65. 
Achal Lohade: 
65. And if you could help us with the realization as well, sir? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Achal, we had said that export is 37 plus. 
Achal Lohade: 
37 plus. Got it. This is very helpful. And second, can you help us understand the cane 
mix in terms of the varietal mix. Is it possible to get some more color as to how it is 
currently for sugar season 23? And in couple of years’ time, how do you look at the 
mix in terms of different varieties as we speak whatever best case we can have? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, Avantiak did give a broad heads up. It’s not possible to give you this data right 
now. We'll have to wait for another year. But trust the hard work going on and believe 
in it. 
Achal Lohade: 
Absolutely, sir. And sir, in a passing remark you mentioned about cooking gas. Is it 
anything to do with the ethanol or it's basically the biogas you’re talking about. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Ethanol can be used for the cooking purpose also. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I was telling the government mandate, the level of the government’s desire to sort of 
keep taking ethanol and keep building this if I may say fuel as a very serious player 
in the total fuel mix. There's experiment for mixing with diesel also going on. So, there 
is a lot of sort of consumption weight in as we see the future. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
To add to that, there is also a DG set being powered by ethanol, big research 
happening. Kirloskar, I think, is already making DG sets for ethanol driven and as 
much as possibly as carbon can be replaced by biocarbon, I think that is the way that 
the government is thinking. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Absolutely correct. 
Achal Lohade: 
Any ballpark number with respect to this cooking gas, because it's something new I 
presume. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, if I may, first you have to get to 20% there. So, we are talking of possible 
consumption points for consumption, new consumption areas. So, one must be 
fulfilled to go to the other I guess, but government is seriously contemplating. 
Achal Lohade: 
And just a last comment with respect to the E20, I know the government is pursuing 
very hard, but what about the existing fleet? Can they really fill up to E20 or as you 
said, 12% vehicles is a challenge this year? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Are you talking about existing vehicles? 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I think, 1st April 2023, all vehicles should be compatible to 20%. 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Achal Lohade: 
So, what I wanted to check about this E20, in terms of the existing vehicles, you’re 
saying that the mandate is to have all the existing vehicles ready for E20. Have I 
heard it right, sir? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
From 1st April ‘23. Not 2-wheelers. Only 4-wheelers. Yes, 2-wheelers might be slightly 
lower, but for 4-wheelers, 20%. 
Achal Lohade: 
And that preparation is on according to you in full scale, right? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. 
Achal Lohade: 
Because we haven't heard as much about it, okay. And with respect to the cane price, 
if you can give us some sense, have you seen this kind of a delay in the past? Or this 
is the first time you've seen cane price being announced in the month of February for 
UP? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
It is rather late. I don't remember having seen cane price this delayed. Yes, 1 year it 
was delayed. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes, there was 1 year when cane price was declared in February. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But how is that of relevance? You want to see that cane price, not the date? 
Achal Lohade: 
I'm just trying to get some sense. Just last question, if I may, with respect to as we 
speak, what is the increase in the cane crushing volume? I know you've already given 
the guidance, but just wanted to understand the number till yesterday, how's the cane 
crushing volume in terms YoY and the recovery date on a YoY basis? If any number 
you could share. 
Pramod Patwari: 
No, we would not like to share the number till yesterday. For the quarter ended, we 
have already shared. We have already shared our vision, our expectation for FY23 
as well as for the complete season. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And we’ve given you recovery trend. We’ve told we started late. There is no point 
getting into daily figures. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandramouli, an individual investor.  
Chandramouli: 
What are the ethanol sales till now, I mean in the last 9 months? You talked about 
financial expectations of about 21 crore, you have reduced it from previous ‘23. But 
what is that you’ve done till in the last 9 months? 
Pramod Patwari: 
9 months, we have supplied around 12 crore liters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sir, just wanted to know your thoughts on the budget announcement on CPG side. 
There were some incentives which the government has announced. Now I 
understand we have entered into a contract for our press mud. But are there any 
plans anything on the drawing board with respect to the changing opportunities on 
that front? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
To be very honest, we've not seen very great opportunity. We are not looking at that 
side so much. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandip Sabharwal, an individual investor. 
Sandip Sabharwal: 
My question is that companies like Praj have also talked of possible blending of 
ethanol with diesel using some agents, etc. So, have you heard of that and anything 
going on, on that front? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, it's called a binder. So, Praj and other, they are on I would say, maybe it's very 
close to completion. 
Sandip Sabharwal: 
Sir, it will become a much bigger market, sir, that could open up much more 
opportunity. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Diesel is huge. So, I'm saying even if there is 2% in diesel, you don't have the capacity. 
So, I therefore don't worry on the consumption point. I'm not worried on the quantum 
one produces and there's no doubt that whatever we produce will be lifted at attractive 
prices. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentleman, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you very much. We hope that we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about our Company, please feel free to contact us. I once again thank you for taking 
the time to join us on this call. Thank you. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
