 
 
 
 
 
 
ICFL/LS/0157/2022-23 
 
27 February 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 1st Floor, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 541336 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: INDOSTAR 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on 20 February 2023 at 04:30 p.m. 
(IST) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on Monday, 
20 February 2023 at 04:30 p.m. IST, pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and nine months ended 31 December 2022. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.indostarcapital.com.  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Jitendra Bhati 
SVP – Compliance & Secretarial 
(Membership No. F8937) 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Registered Oﬃce: Unit No. 505, 5th Floor, Wing 2/E, Corporate Avenue, Andheri - Ghatkopar Link Road, 
Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093, India. T +91 22 4315 7000 | F +91 022 4315 7010 
contact@indostarcapital.com  www.indostarcapital.com CIN: L65100MH2009PLC268160 
 
 
JITENDR
A BHATI
Digitally signed by 
JITENDRA BHATI 
Date: 2023.02.27 
17:22:53 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
  
“IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARTHIKEYAN SRINIVASAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED  
MR. VINOD PANICKER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SHREEJIT MENON –CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
INDOSTAR HOME FINANCE PRIVATE LIMITED. 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKUNJ JAIN – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 and 9MFY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Jain from Orient Capital. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Nikunj Jain: 
Thank you, Yashasvi. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you for the Q3 &9 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. To discuss this quarter and 9 
months business performance, we have from the management, Mr. Karthikeyan Srinivasan, 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Vinod Panicker, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Shreejit Menon, 
Chief Executive Officer, IndoStar Home Finance Private Limited. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and uncertainties. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that may be found on the 
company's website and stock exchanges. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Karthikeyan for his opening 
comments, followed by commentary from Mr. Vinod Panicker and Mr. Shreejit Menon, and 
then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. This is Karthikeyan Srinivasan here. I'm pleased to welcome you 
all to our Q3 and 9 months ended December '22 earnings conference call. We hope all of you 
are safe and in the peak of health. I want to begin by thanking Mr. Deep Jaggi for his services to 
our company. As you may already know, he has decided to step down due to personal reasons 
and the Board has accepted his decision. 
We wish him all the best in his future endeavours. He will continue to assist IndoStar for a period 
of 3 months to enable smooth transition. Me, Karthikeyan joined IndoStar in May 22 as the Chief 
Risk Officer and now I'm the newly appointed CEO, I am excited to lead this company forward. 
I joined IndoStar after spending 20 years in ICICI. In ICICI, I have handled both the credit as 
well as the sales roles and was the product head for commercial vehicle portfolio before I moved 
to IndoStar Capital. 
I, along with my team, have worked over the last 10 months to engineer a turnaround of the CV 
business, and I'm confident that with the support of our shareholders, our employees and 
partners, we will be able to showcase a successful turnaround. In addition, we have appointed 
Mr. Vinod Panicker to the position of CFO in December '22, and we have great faith in his 
ability to help us achieve our goals. Mr. Panicker comes with a huge experience in the NBFC 
industry.  
To begin with, the domestic commercial vehicle volumes are expected to grow approximately 
10% in FY24 and continue the way for the next 2 to 3 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 3 of 15 
 
This is mainly due to the strength of the underlying demand drivers like construction and 
infrastructure activity, the huge demand for e-commerce as well as the continued trust of the 
government on infrastructure development, which is expected to provide further support to this 
demand. The uptick will be primarily driven by the medium and heavy commercial vehicle and 
considering the economic growth at around 6%. The growth in the M&HCV will also propel a 
strong push for the ICV, the light commercial vehicle, which will aid the hub-to-spoke 
transportation and the small commercial vehicle. 
These demands will lead to an increase in the used vehicle segment, which is expected to double 
by FY25. This doubling will be mainly due to the scrappage policy, which puts 15-year limit on 
the age of the vehicle. This will provide more opportunities in the segment. Currently, up to 60% 
of financing for these used vehicles is handled by the unorganized sector, but we believe that the 
organized sector will increase its share in the next few years. The used commercial vehicle 
segment has been able to maintain a stable growth rate. 
This growth can be attributed to several factors including affordability and multipurpose use. 
Despite the overall increase in the vehicle price trend due to the transition to BS VI and higher 
fee cost, the increase in the used CV price is relatively lower, making it an attractive option for 
many customers who want to venture into the commercial vehicle space. Also, these commercial 
vehicles, the used commercial vehicles come with multipurpose usability, such as their ability 
to handle variety of loads, including sand, cement, grain and have continued to drive demand.  
In contrast, new vehicles typically are taken for contracts with specific applications and their 
usability in market load operation is quite limited. Also, the replacement demand is anticipated 
to be favorable in FY23 as certain replacement sales originally anticipated in FY2021-22were 
deferred due to the apprehension surrounding COVID-19 days. The opportunity to expand the 
used commercial vehicle disbursement is on the rise due to the increased growth in this segment.  
To take advantage of this opportunity, at IndoStar, we plan to leverage our existing reach by 
increasing penetration to the field, which will help us enhance our customer connection. We also 
have launched a new digital process, which will help us increase our presence in the market and 
reach even smaller geographies so that we are able to increase our penetration in the rural market. 
We are confident of our ability to capitalize on this growing used commercial vehicle market 
and expand our business. 
We are optimistic about the growth prospects of the commercial vehicle industry and are 
committed to leveraging these positive trends to drive our business forward. More importantly,  
with a small base, we can grow strongly over the coming many years at a much higher pace than 
the industry. We have spent a lot of time over the last 3 quarters in relooking at all our processes, 
policies and setting up in the line of what was seen some time back. 
We have strengthened control, reviewed policies and upgraded our technology system right from 
loan origination, credit appraisal disbursal and as well as the collection processes. There have 
also been significant changes in the senior management of the CV business. Our promoters, 
Brookfield and Everstone are backed us to ensure that we've come back strongly and have just 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 4 of 15 
 
used technology to the maximum to ensure that anything beyond the approved policies are 
highlighted instantly and rectified immediately thereafter. 
We are confident that we will see good growth in FY24 and going forward. On the corporate 
book, our endeavor is to reduce it and we expect our corporate book to be less than 15% of our 
AUM by the end of the next financial year. The SME book, we are reorienting our strategy and 
are now focusing more on the priority sector lending segment. 
At IndoStar, we have a strong vision for growth, and we are committed to achieve this in a 
calibrated manner. In the next couple of years, we expect the CV loan book to grow by at least 
2 times from our current base. We have done a lot of changes on the operational front in the last 
9 months to keep ourselves ready for this growth. We continue to improve the efficiencies across 
branches and increase our reach, to achieve profitable growth. 
We believe the Tier 3 and Tier 4 markets are still not served completely by the organized players, 
and we have an opportunity to fill this gap in these markets. Our focus on collections has helped 
us reach all-time high collection efficiency numbers. The numbers are in front of us, which has 
helped reduce our gross NPA level. We have also been very nimble footed on the cost front to 
manage our profitability. In terms of capital adequacy, our capital adequacy stood at 33% and 
our debt equity at 1.8 times, which provide us enough headroom to look for funds that will drive 
our future growth. 
Our first focus has been on stabilizing the asset quality, we do believe the problem is now behind 
us and we also continue to believe in the market opportunity. We wish to point out that the 
recognition of Stage 2 and Stage 3, which we did in our March '22 financials was very 
conservative. And it is only due to this factor, we have been seeing reversal of provisions. The 
collection percentage stood at 137% in Q3 and 135% in Q2 and this gives us the strength to 
come back to the market with a very strong appetite to grow more in the commercial vehicle 
business. 
And we are also putting processes and policies so that we can strengthen the organization and 
lead to good growth in the quarters to come. Our infrastructure has the capability of delivering 
up to INR 350 crores of disbursement a month, we were conservative to ensure that the processes 
were well laid out and tested before we press the growth paddle. We remain committed to 
delivering value to our shareholders while also providing the best possible financial solutions to 
our clients. 
I'll now hand it over to Mr. Vinod to walk you through the Q3 performance. Over to you, Vinod. 
Vinod Panicker: 
Thank you, Karthikeyan. Good evening, friends. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining 
us on this call today. Let me brief you on the financial highlights for the quarter that went by 
and also the 9 months ended December 2022. On a consolidated basis, we recorded a revenue 
of INR 282 crores in Q3, which represents a year-on-year decrease of 2% and for the 9 months 
ended December '22, we recorded a revenue of INR 890 crores, which represents a year-on-year 
growth of 7%. Our finance cost stood at INR 135 crores in Q3, which is an increase of 8% year-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 5 of 15 
 
on-year. And for the 9 months, it was INR 427 crores, an increase of 7% compared to the 9 
months of the previous year. 
Based on that, the net total income stood at INR 147 crores for the quarter ended December '22, 
showing a decrease of 10%. For the 9 months, the total net income was at INR 463 crores, which 
represented a 6% increase year-on-year. Our NIMs have improved substantially as we have now 
shifted focus to the Tier 3, Tier 4 markets, with about 90% to 95% of the disbursement happening 
in the used CV business, where the yields are significantly better thus improving the overall 
yields and the spread.  
Operating expenses are at INR 122 crores in Q3 FY23, was about 20% higher compared to the 
same quarter last year. This was mainly on account of certain securitization costs, certain 
professional fees that was paid, some increase in the employee cost, all of which we believe will 
get rationalized and controlled in the quarters to come. In the 9 months, the operating expenses 
were at INR 337 crores, which represented a 17% increase year-on-year.  
Pre-provisioning operating profit at INR 25 crores for the current quarter showed a decline of 
59% year-on-year. And for the 9 months, the pre-provision operating profit at INR 126 crores, 
represented a decrease of 14% year-on-year.  
Both these can be clearly attributed to the drop in the AUM leading to lower revenue, the interest 
cost having risen and also the lower disbursements leading to higher idle funds, which adds a 
certain amount of negative carry cost. Also, Karthik had mentioned that the infrastructure that 
we have is sufficient to take care of disbursements of INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores which 
effectively means that there is a higher fixed cost, which is there in the existing opex.  
The PAT at INR 37 crores for the quarter, is a 153% increase versus the same quarter last year. 
The 9 months PAT of INR 149 crores represents a 7.5 times increase over the same period in 
the previous year when it was only at about INR 17 crores. This is mainly on account of 
significantly lower provisioning and more importantly, on account of negative impairment costs.  
We recorded a gross total collection of INR 937 crores during the current quarter, which is up 
by 8% versus the immediately preceding quarter. 
Our gross collection efficiency at 137% in the current quarter versus INR 135 crores in the 
immediately preceding quarter and about 152% in the first 9 months of the current financial 
year, reflecting our commitment to maintain high credit standards and efficient operations. The 
collections against the pool sold to the ARC also gives us the confidence that we will end up 
getting write-backs in the quarters to come.  
We closely monitor the quality of our portfolio and that is the reason why we are seeing the 
gross Stage 3 assets at 7.9% at the end of the third quarter. 
If you recall, at the end of March 2022, the Stage 3 assets stood at 13.6% or INR 1,203 crores. 
We have been able to bring down the Stage 3 gross level in each of the quarters thereafter. And 
in spite of increase in the numbers, due to implementation of ONAN. ONAN is “Once an NPA 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 6 of 15 
 
always an NPA unless you go back to the 0 bucket”. The Stage 3 December '22 numbers was 
INR 537 crores, in spite the ONAN figure being about INR 45 crores. 
So net of that, it would have been less than INR 400-500 crores at about INR 480-485crores. 
Stage 2, had a similar moment moving from a peak of INR 1,770 crores in March '22 to our INR 
991 crores as of end of December '22. All this would not have been possible without the efforts 
of each and every member of the company, more specifically my colleagues from the collection 
team. 
This also demonstrates our commitment towards maintaining a healthy loan portfolio going 
forward. Our consolidated Stage 3 assets were at 3.6%, which demonstrates the efficacy of our 
credit risk management strategy, which has come from 6.4% as of 31st March '22. Therefore, 
we are able to take credit for certain write-backs and some of the provision reversal. 
In the third quarter of FY '23, we have been able to raise incremental funding of INR 683 crores, 
which has contributed a lot to our healthy liquidity position. As of 31st December '22, we had a 
cash or cash equivalent of about INR 956 crores, which was about 15% more than what it was 
in the same -- in the immediately preceding quarter. 
Finally, our capital adequacy, Karthik did mention, I'm just repeating; it stood at 33%, which 
gives us the resources and flexibility to pursue our future growth ambitions. Our debt-to-equity 
ratio at 1.8 times indicates a very healthy balance sheet, leaving a lot of headroom for us to 
source external funds and grow the book profitably. 
Our assets under management of INR 7,669 crores,  is down 3% versus the immediately 
preceding quarter when it was INR 7,908 crores also be -- this was in spite of we showing an 
increased disbursement of INR 522 crores in the current quarter versus INR 334 crores in the 
immediately preceding quarter. 
We have a strong retail focus with the retail AUM now accounting for INR 6,143 crores or 84% 
of our total AUM, the retailization process that we started sometime in 2017-18, has paid rich 
dividends, and we are confident that we'll continue this route and grow profitably in the quarters 
to come. 
Let me talk about the segmental breakup for a couple of minutes now. Let me begin with the 
Vehicle Finance segment where we recorded an AUM of INR 3,469 crores, down 4% from the 
immediately preceding quarter. This rundown was mainly on account of lower collection. The 
disbursement did increase in the third quarter, in the first 2 quarters, the disbursement was pretty 
low. We have experienced a reduction in the SME Finance segment from about INR 1,541 crores 
to  INR 1,432 crores. That's again because the disbursement has been lower. 
On the corporate loan book, the disbursement -- the loan book came down to INR 1,218 crores, 
a 2% reduction over the immediately preceding quarter -- while this is a segment that is not in 
focus now and not being pursued, we do disburse against old sanctions. And in this quarter, we 
had a disbursement of INR 80 crores, this is 1 segment where we are looking at collecting the 
amounts that are due on due date to ensure that there are no slippages. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 7 of 15 
 
To talk a lot more about the housing finance segment, which is a segment that we are focusing 
on. I would now invite my friend Shreejit to come and take over. 
Shreejit: 
Thank you, Vinod. Good evening, everyone. IndoStar Home Finance, as you know, is an 
affordable home finance company focused on high-yield housing loans in the range of 14.5% to 
15.5%, with portfolio level average ticket size of INR 9 lakhs. 
We have a best-in-class asset quality with net Stage 3 of close to 1.2% and healthy spreads on 
the portfolio. Our recent past growth is neither reflective of our ambition nor of our capabilities. 
We have built a strong branch infrastructure and employee base to grow our AUM by over 2.5 
times in the coming 2 years, that is end of FY '25, we expect our AUM to be in the INR 3,500 
crores to INR 4,000 crores range. We had doubled our disbursements in the last financial year 
ending March '22. This year, however, in the recent quarters, we had slow disbursements. 
We have now shifted our focus back towards ramping up disbursements along with sustained 
asset quality. As a result, the company has now disbursed loans worth INR 107 crores, indicating 
a 30% increase compared to the INR 82 crores disbursed in Q2 FY23 with a clear line of sight 
on liquidity and robust funding pipeline. To support this effort, we have put in place manpower 
of 684 employees in Q3 FY23 with a thrust on feet on street. 
Financially, the company managed to post a small increase of 2% in its AUM as on December 
'22, which stood at INR 1,526 crores as against INR 1,489 crores as on September '22. In terms 
of revenue, the company recorded a total revenue of INR 46 crores for Q3 FY23 and INR 158 
crores for 9MFY23. It also achieved a profit after tax of INR 5 crores and INR 35 crores in Q3 
FY23 and 9MFY23, respectively. Gross Stage 3 trended downwards to 1.65% as on December 
'22, which is a significant improvement from the March '22 levels of 1.8%. 
And this is in spite of the adoption of the new ONAN norms, which as you're all aware, 
commenced from 1st October 2022. Our capital adequacy ratio has been extremely strong at 
86.5%, which indicates that the company has enough capital to support business growth. We 
will continue to maintain a healthy capital adequacy ratio. We also used this period to onboard 
some leading professionals from the industry to manage key functions of finance, HR, 
technology, and this, we believe, will aid us to scale up the business further. Thank you, 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
 
Should we begin the question-and-answer session? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Yes, we can. Please. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Nandish Shah from Moneycontrol Pro. 
Nandish Shah: 
My first question is there is a change in the management, Mr. Jaggi has resigned. Can you 
explain a bit more on his move? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
As I shared in my opening remarks, Mr. Jaggi resigned due to his personal reason. The same 
was considered and approved by the NRC and the Board in their meeting on February 14. So, it 
was  his own personal decision to move ahead, move away from the company. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Nandish Shah: 
So, my second question is, do you see any risk to the capital adequacy because with weak 
profitability and asset quality impact, what is the capital adequacy ratio currently? 
Vinod Panicker: 
Nandish, good evening. Vinod here. We don't see any risk in the capital adequacy because 
currently, is at about 33%, which is very good versus the regulatory requirement of 15%. Apart 
from that, we have been seeing profitability in the first 3 quarters, and we don't see any reason 
why that should not continue going forward. While the book will definitely grow, we expect the 
profitability also to increase going forward. So, we don't see any challenge at the capital 
adequacy front. 
Nandish Shah: 
And sir, my last question is, can you explain the reason for the deterioration in asset quality 
during the quarter NPA ratios have inched up. So, I wanted to know the reason for the same. 
Want to know, what's led to this? 
Vinod Panicker: 
Nandish, again, the deterioration in percentage terms have got to do with the reduction in the 
loan book. The loan book, overall, has fallen down. In fact, it has -- as of end of September it 
was INR 6,857 crores, it has gone down to INR 6,719 crores that is one aspect. 
Second is that from 1st of October, we have implemented ONAN, which had an additional 
impact of about INR 45 crores from the total NPA. Those put together has led to the percentages 
being higher in terms of the gross NPA and the net NPA. 
If the ONAN as such was not considered in both the stand-alone and consolidated, we would 
have possibly reported lower GNPA and lower NNPA. On a consolidated basis, the GNPA 
against the 7.9% gross that we reported, we would have possibly reported 7.1%, which is in line 
with what we had reported in September. And NNPA, we had reported 3.6% or something in 
September that we would have possibly reported 3.05 in December,  if only ONAN is not 
considered. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Apurva Mehta from A M Investments. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Sir, can you share some outlook on our growth prospects, profitability going ahead for next 1, 2 
quarters? And how do we see our disbursement and the credit cost about our company for next 
1, 2 quarters? And the next whole financial year. 
Vinod Panicker: 
We are scaling up our disbursements. We did around INR 330 crores of disbursement in the 
December quarter in the parent. We plan to take this disbursement around INR 500 crores in the 
March quarter. The first quarter of next year also, we plan to increase our volume further. As I 
explained, we have the ability to clock INR 300 crores per month. So we will slowly start 
reaching there. So we feel like this segment because there is a segmental growth, plus we are 
reaching into Tier 2, Tier 3 markets, asset growth will be quite strong. 
We have ramped up our processes also so that we are able to reach the expected numbers, which 
we are committing. The CV AUM was likely to grow continuously. And we are targeting a 
segment which is at a yield of around 18%, this will give us a good NIM. So, we don't anticipate 
any further  shock also. So, we feel like both in terms of profitability and asset growth, the next 
year is going to be good. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. And we have seen an uptick in the corporate disbursement. Any particular because we 
basically want to focus into the retail segment. Are we -- this time, we have disbursed around 
INR 80 crores. So any particular reason that we are again looking towards the corporate lending? 
Or this is just a one-off thing? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Yes. Apurva, see, I had mentioned it in my commentary that we have -- we have stopped 
focusing on corporate lending. But I also further said that for the sanctions which are there, 
against that, if any disbursements are there, that we would do. No fresh sanctions are happening. 
So this INR 80 crores that you have seen, which we reported was some of the sanctions which 
were done in the past. No fresh sanctions are happening. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. Very, good. And on the housing finance, we were supposed to dispose this and potentially 
find some investor, where are we currently? And what is our thought process on that? . 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
So on the HFC side, as you know, we are a pure play affordable housing franchise and our 
growth potential is immense. And as you can see from our numbers, we've been able to do 
consistent in our all parameters and our operating metrics are pretty much best-in-class. So while 
we continue to invest behind it, but at the same time, the Board is contemplating various options 
to unlock its value. And at this stage, there's nothing more to add beyond that whatever was 
already mentioned in the press release. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And any time line, maybe a year or next 1 year time or something like that? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
It would be very difficult to predict, Apurva. You know the industry better than me. I think tough 
to actually give a time line to it like this. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. So in next 1 year time our focus will be more on CV finance. That is the area we'll focus 
on -- that is what we are looking to do our business more on the CV side or any other line of 
business which we are looking at? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
CV finance and within the CV finance used CV finance and then definitely the affordable 
housing. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. And on the branch addition, we would like to expand the branch addition or this is 
the thing we are done with the branch addition and we would like to maintain this? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
We have footprint across 22 states across India. 
Apurva Mehta: 
 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Yes. We believe that it is a time to consolidate or gain the presence, reap the benefits out of this 
presence. We are more focusing today on digitization so that the customer journey becomes at 
least assisted and then probably move to DIY before we start expanding the branches again. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Okay, okay, okay. And on the profit side, over the last past 1, 2 years, how do you see ourselves 
on the process side? And because used CV is the dangerous segment, where the yields are high, 
but there can be a lot of NPAs coming when the cycle turns bad. So are our processes and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 10 of 15 
 
everything in line and whatever we have gone through all the things for the period, are we -- we 
are proving the process that even if the CV cycle turns around, we will not be taking any hit. 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
And that's what we are doing Apurva. 2 things we are focusing on. One is we have shifted focus 
to ICV, LCV funding and small commercial vehicle funding. So if you look at even a bad 
recession, these are vehicles which cater to the consumption segment. So the consumption 
segment typically doesn't go down too drastically. So we feel like we are adequately covered 
there. Second, our NIMs are much higher. And we are assuming a good amount of GNPA so 
that even when there are bad cycles that come across, we will be able to cover and recover our 
money. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Harsh Shah from Reliance General Insurance. 
Harsh Shah: 
So would like to understand our AUM guidance for next 1 or 2 years? And how we are going to 
achieve that? 
Vinod Panicker: 
Harsh, thanks for being on the call. I think when Karthik gave his commentary,  he did mention 
about it -- Karthik and both Shreejit when they gave the commentary, they did mention about 
the plans that they have for the future. I will first take the CV segment. There, we have said that 
currently, the infrastructure is such that it can cater to INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores of 
disbursement a month. We are currently doing about INR 150-odd crores, which effectively was 
done that way because we had to put our processes in place. We had to put our systems in place. 
And now that having been done, we are looking at  how to ramp up. 
He also mentioned about INR 500 crores plus the disbursement in the current quarter. We hope 
to maybe double it going forward into the subsequent quarter. Update is that we are fairly 
confident of going to where we were possibly a year or year and a half back in terms of INR 
1,000 crores plus kind of disbursement on a quarterly basis. God willing that happening, we 
would definitely be adding roughly INR 3,500-4,000 crores of disbursement. And along with 
the existing book of over INR 3,400 crores of CV we should possibly look at the INR 5,000 
crores kind of AUM for the -- by end of March 2024. 
We also look at the housing finance segment growing up significantly, the growth was at about 
30% in the current quarter versus the immediately preceding quarter. Funds have been tied up 
in ok, I would say sanctions are coming our  way. We are very confident  and expecting to grow 
by at least the same level in the coming quarters. So, we believe that we should be in the INR 
2,500 crores range in terms of the housing finance segment. 
Harsh Shah: 
 
Okay. And on the SME finance? 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry, you are not audible. 
Harsh Shah: 
 
On SME finance, so what are our plans over there? 
 Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
SME, Harsh, we plan to refocus our SME segment. We want to focus there more on the priority 
sector lending. Our approach will be to move from whatever is the large  ticket loans that we are 
doing today to a segment around the CV customer. We want to be the end-to-end lender for the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 11 of 15 
 
CV in this financial year. So in the SME segment also, we want to push it down to the overall  
SME segment, we want to focus around the CV segment, so that the customer -- CV operators 
who want a working capital funding come to us and take the SME funding by giving their 
property. So, this gives us 2 cover, 1 they will be able to raise funds with an own financier. 
Second, I get the comfort of their property so that the overall asset cover of mine is better. So, 
we plan to reduce our SME focus and put focus only on the priority sector lending there. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, if we look within the SME finance. So, you said we are planning to look 
towards CV financial kind of book only? So other than that, what kind of -- or that will be the 
sole kind of a lending will do in the SME finance? 
 Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
As of now, SME segment, we want to do the priority sector lending. That will be the top priority. 
And we want to move into a smaller ticket size. That's what is the plan which we are doing. So, 
the smaller ticket  size, if you look at the immediate biggest customer base that will be available 
to  us, will be my captive base, which is where I want to capture. That's what is the plan. 
Harsh Shah: 
And sir, secondly, I wanted to understand that within the past incidents which has happened with 
our asset book. So what are our learnings from the past? And what kind of process tightening 
we have done. So these things are not repeated again? 
 Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Yes. What we have done is we have put in our processes and also had our loan origination system 
revamped. So now the new loan origination system has business rule engine which ensures that 
any kind of  past repeat doesn't happen again. So, we feel like technology will be the most 
important solution to implement whatever is the process control, which we plan to deliver. 
Thathas been implemented, that has got tested, then only we have started  ramping up. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Sir, and last question from my end, is that -- what will be a sourcing mix going ahead for 
the world (42:35) disbursement that we do, what will be a sourcing mix? How much percent will 
be in-house? 
 Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Our model is predominantly our relationship manager base. So it will be approximately 80% 
relationship manager base, but if you understand the used commercial vehicle segment, a lot of 
business happens through brokers who act as connectors for us. So it will be a mix of our 
relationship managers, plus this connector who will be the sourcing mix in our overall 
commercial vehicle sourcing. Also, if you understand commercial vehicle is always a customer-
driven thing, a customer refers to another customer who is in the same market. That's how the 
commercial vehicle sourcing happens. So customer referring other customer will be 1 where my 
relationship manager will be the major guy who source, plus there will be a small portion of the 
connector. On housing... 
Sreejith Menon: 
So in housing, it's pretty similar to the CV business that 75% of our sourcing will be through our 
in-house relationship managers and 25% is where we would have connectors who would be 
sourcing business for us. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Sumit Bhalotia from MK Ventures. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Thank you for the detailed presentation and also hosting this con call. So welcome teams. I hope 
that we do engage on a quarterly basis through con calls. Sir, my question is, firstly, on the 
liability side, so we went through crisis last year. So if you can just share what are the corrective 
actions that we took on the liability side in particular? And what is the strategy going ahead to 
ensure that we are able to cater to -- be able to manage this INR 350-400 crores kind of a monthly 
disbursement. And what is the strategy on the off-book, on-book mix? What proportion of the 
incremental disbursement would be funded through securitization or other or co-ending or other 
such measures that would be helpful? 
Vinod Panicker: 
Sumit, thanks for being on the call. On the liability side, I would say that I did mention in my 
commentary that the funding has started, we have been able to raise INR 683 crores in the 
immediately preceding quarter -- in the third quarter, we have been able to raise INR 683 crores. 
In fact, our one-off that was a large INR 400 crores NCD issuance which we did and which were 
subscribed to fully by Tata Capital. So -- and along with that, a lot of other lenders that we have 
been working with in the past have started coming back and I would say, started funding us. 
We are speaking to many of them we expect there a lot more funds to come in. And we don't see 
any challenge in having a steady pipeline for any disbursement that we would need to do. 
Sanctions have been coming -- the lenders are getting comfortable. We are able to talk to each 
1 of them the way  you thanked  us for being on the call this time or getting on to a call system. 
All lenders have also echoed the same sentiments that you have echoed. So definitely, we don't 
see a challenge going forward in terms of getting funds for disbursement. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Sure. So that also means that the cash on books that we have as of now, which is pretty high, 
that will also come down as a proportion of loan AUM. And also how has your cost of funds 
been moving? What is it today incremental? 
Vinod Panicker: 
The cost of funds for the third quarter was at about 10.2%. So, we expect it to be reasonably 
steady as we go ahead. And I would say that going forward, when the lenders, they see the 
volumes improving, the profitability coming back, we will be able to convince them to reduce  
rates, as we go forward. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Sure. And sir, what is your monthly or quarterly repayment? Just to understand, again, linked 
with the overall AUM growth because we have given a guidance of I think INR 250 crores a 
month in just the current quarter, right, the disbursement target? 
Vinod Panicker:  
Yes. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Sure. In the presentation, it was mentioned INR 250 crores monthly run rate for disbursement. 
And I think just on the concall, you guided for an INR 500 crores disbursement only on the 
parent side? 
Vinod Panicker: 
No, I will clarify that. We said that monthly disbursement of INR 250 crores, that said that the 
consolidated basis. When Karthik spoke about the disbursement, he specifically mentioned it is 
about the commercial vehicle CV space. So overall, we expect the total disbursement to be in 
the INR 750 crores range for the quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
 
For the fourth quarter? 
Vinod Panicker:  
For the fourth quarter. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
And our monthly payment our run down would be how much run rate? 
Vinod Panicker: 
I think I would need to take it offline with you. If you can send out a mail separately, we will 
reply on the mail because definitely when we have factored when we looked at the ALM for a 
1-year kind of picture for the first 1 year basis all the inflows that we are expecting this is all the 
repayments that we are seeing. We are fairly confident that we have sufficient funds in hand to 
take care of it.  
As regards the repayments, if you take on Slide 22, where we have actually covered the ALM. 
There we have mentioned about total outflow in terms of liability repayment in January about 
INR 129 crores went out. February is about INR 95 crores, March about INR 209 crores. And 
then for the next 3 quarters, after March, INR 443 crores, INR 431 crores and INR 180 crores. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Yes. Only conclusion that I was trying to arrive is that the pace of growth for us is over now. 
And from the current quarter, hopefully, we'll see us getting back into the growth trajectory on 
the plant. . 
Vinod Panicker: 
We are hoping for the best, and we are confident that this current trend will continue. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Sure. Sir, 1 last question, if you come on the branch addition slide, so we saw an aggressive 
expansion from FY21 to '22 almost from 200 branches, we moved to 400 plus in FY22 end right 
now, today, we are at 423. But in the same time frame, if I just look at last 3, 4 quarters when 
this crisis had happened with us we have been reducing our employee headcount from I think 
from 3,000 kind of number. How does this add up? We've been reducing employees, but we 
have not shut down on the branches? Are we looking to going forward, I on which are inefficient 
and shutting down. What is the strategy on that front to ensure that our cost to income gets to a 
reasonable number? 
Vinod Panicker: 
See branches as of now, we have rationalized. We have not shut down any of the branches. We 
continue to be in the 423 branches employees, you know because the bulk of our employees are 
field level RM, who continue -- where there is a large amount of churn that happens across the 
industry and we are no different. 
If you look at the industry also, there has been a large churn that has happened, and it will keep 
happening because we slowed down our disbursement, there was some impact there, but we feel 
like it will recover the whatever -- we only based on the performance you people have more of. 
The balance, we feel like there's no major change. 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
The branch increase may not be there, but then -- because like we said, that the current 
infrastructure is capable of taking care of at least 2.5x the existing volumes. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Amit Shah from AT Capital Group. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Amit Shah: 
Sir, I -- given that we have a new management in place, I would like to hear from the new CEO, 
what will be the immediate focus in terms of the growth areas, the areas of improvement for the 
organization? 
Karthikeyan Srinivasan: 
Thanks for the question. Our primary focus is on the commercial vehicle funding. We plan to 
increase our presence in the used commercial vehicle funding so that our NIMs are in the higher 
bracket. Two things we are doing. One, we have moved our focus down from the M&HCV 
segment to small and light commercial vehicle segment. I touched upon this briefly during the 
last question. ICV, LCV and small commercial vehicles on the used brand is something which 
we want to focus on. This will reduce our average ticket size to around 5 to 6 lakh. We feel like 
this statement is 1 thing which will help grow IndoStar because these segments are not impacted 
by any -- on the vagaries of the economy because India is a consumption market and the 
consumption industry is likely to be remaining quite high. 
If you see even during the peak of the lockdown, you and I were ordering from Amazon, which 
were getting delivered. Those were getting transported by the ICVs or LCVs and small 
commercial vehicles, that's where we want to be in. That's on the business front. 
On the process front, we have tightened. We are moving towards digitization so that the 
customers can get assisted quickly by the relationship managers at the feed, they are able to 
decide on cases based on scorecard. That's the process tightening we are doing. We are also built 
in rule engines in our loan origination system so that the system doesn't permit any kind of errors 
that could have kicked up in the past. That’s the tightening which we are doing. These are the 3 
broad areas. We will focus on growth of our book and ensuring compliance, these are the 2 
things which as CEO I want to take forward so that IndoStar becomes 1 of the top-performing 
NBFC. 
Amit Shah: 
This is really helpful. My second question is on the shareholding, sir. Brookfield owns around 
56% of the shareholding, is there any chance that Brookfield might reduce their stake below 
51%? Essentially, what I'm trying to understand is, will there be any reduction in support from 
the group in what sort of conversations are happening between you and Brookfield? 
Vinod Panicker: 
See, Amit, during the bad times Brookfield or for that matter Everstone, they  supported us. Now 
that things are over, things have come back to normal. We don't see any reason why we would 
need more support from them. Regarding the shareholding and other things, I don't think we can 
comment on it. I think it's appropriate that  they comment on it. But we don't see any reason why 
the support will go down. We don't see any reason  for that. 
Amit Shah: 
Okay. And just to continue on this, what are our plans to bring down the promoter stake to 75%? 
Vinod Panicker: 
The steps are being taken to  adhere with minimum public shareholding norm. So we are moving 
in that direction. We will give our, I would say, as and when we move on that, we will keep on 
informing the market about it. 
Amit Shah: 
 
Okay. This is really helpful and all the best. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
February 20, 2023 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I now hand 
over the call to Mr. Nikunj Jain for closing comments. Over to you. 
Nikunj Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, participants for joining us today. It's been a pleasure. If there are any further 
questions, queries, please feel free to reach out to me or Orient Capital team coordinates are 
shared in the presentation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
