 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 16, 2023 
 
The Corporate Service  
Department                             
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001                  
 
The Listing Department                                    
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400 051                                                
 
 
Sirs, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Conference Call – Quarter ended March 31, 2023 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated April 27, 2023 regarding intimation of earnings conference call, please 
find enclosed transcript of Q4FY2023 earning conference call held on May 11th 2023. The said information 
is also available on the website of the Company at https://tdps.co.in/investor_fincl_rslt.html  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bharat Rajwani 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl; A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:  
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area  
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk  
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru – 562 111 India 
 
Tel     +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax    +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail     tdps@tdps.co.in 
 
www.tdps.co.in 
BHARAT 
RAJWANI
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
RAJWANI 
Date: 2023.05.16 
15:35:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
 
“TD Power Systems Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 11, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
 
TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TD Power Systems 
Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on 
the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch tone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
Now I hand over the conference to Mr. Nikhil Kumar, Managing Director from 
TD Power. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thank you once again for joining us 
today on our earnings call. I trust all of you would have received our results 
and investor presentation. Now I would move on to discuss with you TDPS's 
financial performance for the year ended 31st March 2023. 
Standalone. Our full year total income on a standalone basis was INR8.43 
billion versus INR7.36 billion in the same period the previous year, an increase 
of 15%. Profit after tax and comprehensive income was INR884 million versus 
a profit of INR532 million in the same period in the previous year, an increase 
of 66%. We are pleased to inform you this is the highest PAT on standalone 
basis for the full quarter and full year since the inception of our company. 
Full year manufacturing revenues was INR8.16 billion versus INR7.04 billion. 
EBITDA margins for the full year were 16.58%, including other operational 
income. Exports and deemed exports contributed to 58% of the generator 
business. The manufacturing order book, including Turkey operations stands 
at INR13.8 billion, of which INR5.61 billion is the generator business, 
INR8.08 billion is the railway business, which is executable over the next 5 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
years and INR0.11 billion for the Turkey business. Export and deemed exports, 
excluding the railway business is 52%. 
Order inflow. Our order inflow has been very strong and resilient, and we're 
very, very pleased to report an increase of 36% -- sorry, 38% in the order inflow 
compared to the previous year. Order inflows for TDPS for the current year, 
sorry, for the last year was INR8.37 billion compared to INR6.05 billion of the 
previous year. Full year order inflow including Turkey business as follows: 
TDPS India was INR8.37 billion, TDPS Turkey 0.08, total is INR8.45 billion 
versus the previous year INR6.4 billion. Order inflow from direct and deemed 
exports is INR4.43 billion, which is an increase of 20% over the previous year. 
Full year project business revenue was INR335 million versus INR173 million 
same period last year. But we would once again like to reiterate that the 
company is no longer in the projects business, and hence forward, all orders 
put by Japan branch will be classified into the manufacturing segment, which 
consists mainly of generator sales, generator spares, service and other related 
jobs. As a matter of clarification, in the sale of INR283 million in total of 
INR335 million described above is mainly the generator business service and 
spares. Order book from the projects business stands at INR106 million, which 
is now classified as generator business from this point onwards. 
Consol. On the consol basis, our full year total income, including exceptional 
income is INR8.93 billion versus INR8.22 billion in the same period in the 
previous year, an increase of 9%. Profit after tax, including comprehensive and 
exceptional income is INR945 million, including a write-back in DFPS a 
subsidiary of INR6.28 million and profit from the sale of land of INR7.16 
million versus a profit of INR614 million in the same period in the previous 
year. In the previous year, we had a write-back in our subsidiary company in 
DFPS of INR76 million. 
Our consol order book is INR13.91 billion. We continue to have a strong cash 
position of INR1.89 billion. The company has also generated operating cash 
flow of INR886 million during the year on a consol basis. The major part of it 
has been used to pay back the working capital loans, balance over payment of 
dividends and creditors compared to INR109 million in the previous year. The 
company is now debt-free, both long term and short term.  Anyway, the 
company did not have any long-term debt previously. We plan to invest around 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
INR25 crores in this current year on automation, productivity improvements 
and software for our design department. 
Order book market situation and guidance. Steam Turbine generators. We have 
seen a huge jump in the order book in this segment on a year-on-year basis up 
about 55%. Orders have increased both from domestic market as well as export 
market across the board. The domestic market is seeing a big revival in capex, 
and we are seeing demand broadly across all sectors. In the export market, 
we're seeing the same factors playing out as we have been discussing in the 
past few quarters. Macro factors continue to drive the business, move to 
renewables, ways to heat energy, garbage burning plants, etcetera. Increased 
demand for electricity from electric automobiles and in the future, domestic 
heating, which will happen to change to electricity will provide long-term 
sustained demand for new power plants in this segment. 
Gas Engines. We continued to have robust orders from both our engine 
customers, and this will ensure sustained demand in this segment for this 
current financial year. Recently, we won a big order to supply 20 generators to 
Ireland from one of our Indian customers. Gas Turbine. This segment has a big 
potential for growth for TDPS and we are actively bidding for more projects 
with OEMs, wherever we are approved. 
Now Hydro. Hydro also we're seeing a massive growth in the business in this 
year compared to the last year. We will see a growth of about 60% to 70% of 
our business in this year compared to the previous year. The main markets are 
Nepal, Vietnam and countries in Europe. Once again, the push over renewables 
in driving the business in hydro. Moreover, we are pleased to announce the 
first order from Nuclear Power Corporation. 
We have also received the first order for submersible motors, which is a new 
product for TDPS. Submersible motors are used extensively in municipalities, 
in sewage and water supply systems. We are also very pleased to announce a 
large order from Megha Engineering, for 540-megawatt synchronous motor to 
be delivered in Q2 and Q3 this year. With this supply, we will establish 
ourselves firmly in the segment and open up the market for further business. 
Railway. Next month, the 6-month trial of our motor will be completed with 
the Indian Railway. We hope everything will function well until the end of next 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
month. There are still a few more tests to be completed after the 6-month period 
is completed and then we have to complete a significant amount of 
documentation. We expect to finish everything by Q3. And next year, we can 
see a good ramp-up in this business. As I said repeatedly, the goal is to make 
this business about INR100 crores business in the next 2 years. New projects 
from Indian Railways, we are waiting eagerly for the results. And hopefully, 
our partner customer will be successful to win a few of the upcoming tenders 
from Indian Railways. 
Turkey. We are also happy to announce that Turkish government has revised 
the incentives for locally made generators and made it very attractive for end 
users to buy Made in Turkey generators. This means the market will open up 
once again. It may take some time after the elections. The market will open up 
in Turkey as it’s a power shortage country. I expect this year to be _this current 
year to be very subdued in terms of sales, but we will see the pickup of order 
booking and from next year onwards we will see their execution picking up 
once again. 
Now I'll finally come to the market conditions through the guidance. As we 
have been guiding in our previous earnings call, we are projecting growth of at 
least 20% in this current year with upside potential to reach around INR1,000 
crores in the manufacturing business. As of now, we see manufacturing sales 
to be in the region of INR970 crores definite and INR1,000 crores target. And 
the reality could be somewhere in between. We will see an improvement in 
EBITDA margins based on operational leverage. 
In H1, we plan to have around 47% of our sales around INR470 crores, of 
which INR210 crores will be in Q1 and INR260 crores will be in Q2. This is 
because we have large number of machines -- sorry, we have a number of large 
machines to be delivered in Q2, and these will be in production in Q1. As I 
mentioned earlier, we have the 5 big motors of 40 megawatts, which we 
delivered in Q2 and some in Q3. And those will be in production, they're 
already in production, and therefore, our sales will be slightly lower in Q1, but 
will pick up dramatically in Q2 onwards. 
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy to address 
any queries, questions that you may have. Thank you. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Niteen Dharmawat from Aurum 
Capital. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Sir, my first question is about the raw material price trends. Some time ago, we 
had significant raw material pressure, and then there was some price correction 
that has happened. So, I wanted to take your view on the current raw material 
price trend. And is it going to help us or we are having some challenges over 
there? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We have already booked and bought majority of our major raw materials for 
this current financial year. We have seen that the prices of steel, for example, 
have been going up recently once again. And the company has taken a decision 
to buy the material for rest of the year to avoid exposure to further price 
increase. So as far as our purchases are concerned and our margin protection 
is concerned, we have taken necessary steps to ensure that we will not be 
affected by any swings in the material prices in this current financial year. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Perfect. You mentioned about the 20% growth, I suppose, in the manufacturing 
business. So, what is the consolidated growth that we are planning for the year? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think, it would be around 20% around the same right? 
Management: 
Yes, yes. It's the same, sir. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Okay. It is this main 20% for the overall business as well, right? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Would the EBITDA that you're targeting for the overall business. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, we have -- there will be an increase in the EBITDA margin. We are -- we 
will give the exact guidance in the next quarter, but we are saying it is going 
to increase from the current quarter. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
The current EBITDA margin, will it be sustainable in the current financial year 
as well? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I said it is going to increase, right? So. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Yes. Okay. Got it. My final question is, what is the volume growth that you are 
expecting in financial year '24? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Around 20%. 
Niteen Dharmawat: 
Around 20%. Okay. Got it. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Andrey Purushottam from Cogito 
Advisors. 
Andrey Purushottam: Congratulations for a good set of numbers, sir. Just as a bit of a follow-up 
question from the previous one. If you look at the results last year, your gross 
profit margins have increased considerably. But your other costs, employee, 
other expenses, etc, have increased slightly as compared -- as a percentage of 
sales, I think from 16.8% to 17.2%, if I'm not mistaken. Now this suggests that 
you have not taken advantage of operating leverage in this year. But going 
forward, again with your guidance of greater EBITDA margins that I suggest, 
I'm assuming we do not have continued gross profit margin improvement, can 
we also see some operating leverage has taken in? Just wanted to hear your 
thoughts on this. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Varalakshmi, can you take on the question, please? 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
There has been an improvement in the gross contribution because of the pass 
on of the cost to the customers. And operating costs are increasing because we 
need to give some increases in the salary and all. 
Andrey Purushottam: So going forward, going forward, will these costs, the employee costs and other 
expenses move slower than the increase in revenue? 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
They may not increase in the same proportion as the sales will increase, but 
there will be some increase. If the sales are increasing by 20%, the operating 
expenses may increase by 12%, 13%. 
Sangita: 
This is Sangita, Andrey's partner. I had a follow-on question that you guided 
for the 20% volume value growth for FY '24. Now given where the cycle is, 
do you think this kind of growth can be sustained in the medium term, say, 3 
to 5 years? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, that's a good question, and I don't want to be overly optimistic in saying 
that this kind of growth will be sustainable. So -- but as far as our company is 
concerned, we have a strategy to sustain the growth based on diversification of 
products and diversification of markets. So today, we see order increases 
taking place by 38% and 48%. That kind of a sustainable -- that kind of a huge 
growth may not be -- it may flatten to about 20%, 25%. This is my expectation.  
But the large part of this increase those are also taking place because we have 
diversified our product range, and we're working in different markets with new 
customers across the world. So we can expect on a very conservative basis, I'm 
saying we can expect something like 17.5% compounded growth could 
definitely take place. Of course, the company is having a target to keep the 
growth rate around between 20% to 25%. But in terms of giving a commitment, 
we have always said that we've given a commitment around 17.5% 
compounding growth. 
Sangita: 
17.5% compounded growth over, say, 3 years. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Sangita: 
Okay, okay. And could you give... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
From the upside potential is there because they're giving a conservative 
commitment based on what we can actually do. 
Sangita: 
Right, right. And could you give a flavor as to what is prompting different 
clients across different geographies to buy the products from you? Is it part of 
the Europe-plus-One or China-plus-One or what is the thinking? And is that 
likely to then convert into a structural trend? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we are not -- see, this China-plus-One is not -- it's not something that we're 
not affected by the China-plus-One. China-plus-One business is when you 
have large companies setting up shop in India, versus  setting up shop in China. 
And then manufacturing, getting contract manufacturing done or heading up 
their own plants, so they can manufacture and then export to other parts of the 
world. That is a China-plus-One. 
We are talking about -- in our company, we have built up our own brand name 
and we're selling our products, and we have been doing this for the past 10 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
years. This is not something that we started yesterday or started in the past 2 
years once this Ukraine war has started and lastly China plus 1 has become a 
big news item. We have been in the export market for the past 10 years 
intensively growing our business, building up our own brand name and 
creating references across the world. And so our story is a totally different 
story. 
There is a huge market for electric generators in general. And TDPS is 
probably one of -- probably the only companies coming from a low cost 
country and competing with established European majors or American majors 
in their home markets. We still have a long way to go. We have a very low 
market share, and we are constantly trying to improve our penetration in the 
market and grow our business internationally. So I see -- plus the macro factors 
that I talked about in terms of increased electricity demand, I see that there's a 
good potential for growth for us in the future also. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my first question was, we have 
guided for revenue something like INR1,000 crores, okay? And if you look at 
the order book, it is INR590 crores besides railway. And railway, if you do, 
let's say, even INR150 crores, it reaches INR700 crores to INR750 crores. So 
do you think a significant -- means we have a significant pipeline, which is not, 
let's say, ordered to us, but a significant place where we are tender or means 
we are participating and we are very optimistic on that. Or it is your some 
understanding with OEMs who are where means the cycle is much shorter. Can 
you elaborate on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. We have a delivery cycle of between 3 months to 12 months. So if you 
look at our past track record, we do -- it depends on depends on the year, but 
we do between INR200 crores to INR300 crores of book and bill within the 
current year, depending on the year. So we are very confident that this balance 
INR250 crores will be easily made up. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one thing... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We have not declared the April result and also we have had a very strong order 
book in April. The order booking continues to be very, very strong in May. Of 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
course, we not declared those numbers. But I can just tell the market that it's 
been very strong and it's in line with the kind of guidance that I'm projecting 
to the market at this point of time. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. And one more thing. See, the motors business, currently, we are winning 
project-level businesses, okay? But is there any thought process that we also 
start getting OEM businesses, so let's say, a large pump company for which we 
can be a supplier or a compressor company or, let's say, whatever means the 
applications are very wide, for large. So, is there any opportunity that we can 
directly be a supplier to a large OEM for whom motor may not be the core 
product? And what is the opportunity size in such a business, because earlier 
even in generators, we were not with so many OEMs, okay? But eventually, 
we tagged along with some of the OEMs, and it gave us good business, okay? 
So what is the path for motors business or large synchronous motors to move 
from here on? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't think that we're going to be -- because, all these motors finally will go 
towards -- will be coming to a firm, or will be coming to a compressor. It is 
anyway linked to an OEM business. Some of these businesses are -- we sell to 
the OEMs, some of them will sell directly to the end user depending on whether 
the customer wants to split the order business or split the order.  
We're focusing on the particular applications, and we're focusing on a 
particular size is -- not size, but motors are larger in size, and we are focusing 
on motors, which are above 4, 5 megawatt in in size. And so we have been 
quite specific as to what we're going after, and we're not going after the motor 
business below all these sizes because it is a very highly competitive and highly 
populated markets below these sizes. So we will continue to work on this 
strategy to work on larger size motors and in niche markets where we have a 
good chance to display our capabilities and get better prices. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: One last question on this only. You see in generators, what would be our 
revenue from OEMs, let's say, an engine manufacturer or, let's say, gas engine 
manufacturer or a diesel engine manufacturer currently versus some 5 or 7 
years back. So how big is that proportion of business? And is it much shorter 
cycle than the project businesses are what we may do on the generators space 
directly? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I don't understand your question completely, but I -- the generator business 
is mainly an OEM business and continues to be mainly in OEM business. In 
terms of percentages, there's no change in what is about 5, 7 years ago in what 
it is today. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: So what I was asking was... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
To the OEMs to the end user. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. I'll join back in queue for further questions. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rohit from ithoughtPMS. 
Rohit: 
Congratulations on very good results. So, Nikhil, a couple of questions. 
Recently, I was reading that geothermal is actually a very hot space right now 
in the U.S. and what's happening in Europe is somewhat, similarly also 
happening in the U.S. I remember you had mentioned a few quarters about also 
trying to build up that segment, which is probably largely in Turkey. So just 
wanted to hear anything, if you're saying something in that market as well and 
if that market also can be a reasoning opportunity for us like what... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr. Rohit, can you use your handset, please? It is not 
audible? 
Rohit: 
Okay. So I just wanted to hear your view that if geothermal also could be a big 
vertical beyond Turkey. And so that was my first question, actually. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, the geothermal market, as we see it, is about 500 to 600 megawatts per 
year right now, could be 800 megawatts per year. And we are actively bidding 
with the OEM customers and getting some orders. We're not a major player in 
this market as yet in terms of being -- having a significant market share, a lot 
of space for us to grow. But we are working with all the top OEMs in the world, 
and we will get more business, where we got business from Japan, we got 
business from Turkey, we got business from Central America, we got some 
business also, now recently, we got a geothermal order from Germany. So we 
are getting -- we're getting breakthrough orders. It's going to take a little bit 
more time for us to establish ourselves to get a big market share within this 
segment on a worldwide basis, but we constantly plugging the way at it. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Rohit: 
Got it. That's very good to hear, Nikhil. Also, Nikhil, you mentioned about 
other new product, a tumultuous motor, right? If you can just talk a bit about -
- sorry, I couldn't hear you... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
These motors are -- motors which -- I mean, obviously, they're submerged 
within the liquid that they're supposed to pump out and it's a very special 
application. We are actually working on the larger-sized motors where there is 
no domestic manufacturer today. And most of the motors are imported. So we 
are extended to be in this segment. All the municipalities require these across 
India will require these motors for wastewater treatment, sewage handling also 
for fresh water pumping. So we are -- it's a big market, we got the first order, 
and let's see how it goes, but we are excited to be in this space. 
Rohit: 
Perfect. I mean, would you want to sort of talk a bit about what's the size of the 
market and what you want to sort of go on... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
At this point of time, we are -- let's -- because once I say this is so many crores 
and next question is how much share do you plan to get from it. So I'll take 
these questions a little bit later once we deliver a set of motors. 
Rohit: 
Sure. And my last question was it, I mean, I would also like remembering on 
your balance sheet because I think we've grown very well this year and our 
inventory has reduced and also like receivables very good show on the overall 
cash flow. So, I mean actuation a few lately. And so I mean, you're spending 
INR25 crores, you said, and we have a significant amount of cash. So any 
thoughts on how do you want to sort of use cash going forward in this year as 
we are also projecting good growth for this year and also for the next couple 
of years. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Rohit, we eventually will have to put a third plant. And whether we have to 
start to work, start the work partially like buy something land and start the work 
this year or next year, it depends on how the market grows. If we go to see this 
35%, 40% order in flow sustainable for the next 2, 3 years, and we have to put 
the plant faster than what we had earlier planned. So we are getting there and 
then depending on how big we want the new plant to be. So we are keeping the 
money aside right now for the new plant. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So the first question is, so this submersible motor thing. So in terms of supply, 
in terms of customers, do we directly supply to the municipality or is it like on 
a... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
To the pump -- we supply to the pump manufacturers. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
To the pump manufacturers. Okay. So your receivables are with the pump 
manufacturers. That's how it works? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Okay. And typically, who do we compete with? I mean, who are the 
major players in this segment? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, as I said, most of the larger motors are imported and, imported from 
Europe or from Korea. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So no major Indian players in this market? Okay, okay. Second thing, I 
think you said that we got this order from Megha. I assume it is for synchronous 
motors. So can you elaborate. So can you elaborate on that? I mean, is this -- I 
assume that this is more of a project-to-project business and it's difficult to 
estimate the market size, keeps on varying every year. But how do you see 
this? Are there many more projects in the pipeline on the bidding stage. Some 
color on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. This is a short cycle order from Megha. We have to deliver these motors 
to them within next quarter. So it's good for us also because it gives us a chance 
to put the 40 megawatt machine, large machine into the market and establish 
our credentials and get us a supply record. So we are taking the challenge to 
do it, and we're doing it. The market is -- the pipeline is incredibly large. There 
are a huge number of projects coming up. 
It could be hundreds of crores, of course it's -- as you said, it's -- year-by-year 
basis, you could see differences in the total amount of business but right now, 
the pipeline is extremely huge. And business is coming from -- most of the 
inquiries are coming from Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and 
Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. So we expect this to be a really good business 
for us, and we take -- we don't step back. Once we put the 40-megawatt motors 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
into operation, I think we'll establish ourselves firmly as a very serious player 
in this market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Yes. So this is mainly for some hydro projects such -- 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's for pump. It's a pumping business for irrigation pumping projects. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And last question on this NPCIL order that we got. So any -- so are we 
kind of in terms of certification capability, etc? Are we only planning to 
address the domestic nuclear power market? Or are we also aiming to tap the 
international marketing? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we are not planning to go outside India for nuclear. We are -- there's a lot 
of business within India for nuclear power application, and we are going to 
stick to. And I don't know whether it's even possible for us to supply to look at 
power plants internationally given all the restrictions and regulations. So at the 
moment, we are focusing entirely on the Indian business. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations to you, Nikhil, and the entire team of TD for fantastic set of 
numbers. The transformation in terms of the way we have diversified our 
business over the past two years is commendable. So Nikhil, on the domestic 
side, if you can talk about, we are seeing a very strong inflow in terms of orders 
for this quarter. Like this has and last year when you used to talk about the 
commentary in order inflow, you used to be more bullish on the export orders. 
But in the last quarter, we've seen very strong commentary and even in your 
TV interview, you talked about very strong order pipeline from the domestic 
business. So, if you can talk about what is happening on the domestic side? 
And how do you see order inflows on the domestic side over the next year or 
2? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Vinay, are you on the call? Can you answer this question? Vinay is the 
Head of our Global Sales and Marketing. 
Vinay Hegde: 
Hello? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Vinay, please take this question. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Vinay Hegde: 
Yes. Okay. So domestic market, as I said, it is still a bullish market, and we are 
getting very good market and orders on the -- mainly on the renewable 
segment, biomass power plants, garbage burning power plant. Recently, we 
got a single order of several machines of 8 megawatts for a biomass power 
plant from an Indian customer. And also, there is a government joint venture 
refinery company, from which our OEM has already got 3x48 -- sorry, 2x48 
megawatts and 3x37 megawatts, very big orders. So, there is a real boom in 
the market still going on and domestic market requirement is really as good as 
the export market for us. We are expecting a very good business in the domestic 
market, some out to major OEMs. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So do you expect the pipeline to remain buoyant over the next year at least...? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, I think the capex cycle has just started in India. We are just -- it's not -- 
we are at the early stages of this capex cycle. And the potential for some 
country to grow from where we had $3 trillion, $3.5 trillion economy to $5 
trillion and then $10 trillion economy, what's you're planning in the next 
decade or so. It's entirely feasible that we will have massive expansion, massive 
buildup of infrastructure and earlier, some -- we talked a little bit about China 
plus 1, yes, of course, TDPS is not a big beneficiary of China plus 1, but China 
plus 1 is a real thing which is happening in the market. And a number of -- a 
lot of people are putting up manufacturing facilities, going outsourcing out of 
India. 
So there's going to be a big demand for putting up the infrastructure, including 
a big demand for electricity. So I'm a big -- I am very, very bullish about the 
domestic market. Of course, the export market opportunity for TDPS is also 
huge. It's not that's going to go away. And we have spent the past decade in 
building up the market to not going to take our eyes out of it. But we are -- in 
the domestic market, this is our home market, and we have a leading position 
in this market. So we are going to be a beneficiary of this market when this 
market grows the way it's growing right now. I really strongly feel that we are 
at the beginning of a very large long cycle in India. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. That's good to hear. My second question was on the new product side. 
You talked about synchronous motors. But what about the new segments like 
railways where we have entered directly as well as our association with a large 
OEM partners. I think the new tender has now been pushed back to August of 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
this year. So if you can talk about railway stand-alone, railway business with 
our OEM partner as well as the refurbishment business, both on wind as well 
as the refurbishment of our own generators? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So I think I already spoke in my opening commentary about the railway 
business, maybe you missed it. As I said, the trial period for these motors which 
are mounted on the locomotive will end, the 6-month period will be over at the 
end of June. So hopefully, if we have no incidents until the next 1.5 months, 
and then after that there will be a significant amount of documentation. There's 
still a few more tests to be done. I feel that this will go on up to Q3 or so. And 
then we should have the official approval and we can start bidding for the 
projects with on a level 1 category or level 2 category supplier. 
We plan to make this business into INR100 crores business in 2 years. We are 
taking in capex. It will ramp up. We'll see some -- we will see the effect -- we 
will see some effects of it next year and definitely the year after that. So we're 
going to ramp up this business. The Indian Railways are producing more and 
more locomotives with a big demand. So I don't see a problem from a demand 
point of view. On the new projects in Indian Railways, I said, yes, we are 
waiting for the results. Some of the tenders are being postponed. So what to 
do. We have to wait and see who will win. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And on the refurbishment side, how things shaping? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Refurbishment side things are going as per plan, we are going to hit our targets, 
what we have said 6%, 7% of sales. So we will do that this year. And I have 
nothing to report, I think things are going as per plan. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Got you. You were also planning to disclose the market about 1 or 2 products 
that you were working on. So anything... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I just said, we have introduced the submersible motor. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So that is part of that. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Congrats for good number. First is the book keeping question. Can you help us 
understand what is the size of our order book on the motor side, sir? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Varalakshmi, you have that number with you? It's around -- I think it's around 
INR100 crores. Including megha... 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
INR100 crores. Okay. Okay. And last year , the same number would be... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't remember the number right now on top of my head. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And what is the revenue level for the year? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Sorry, what would be the...? 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Our traction motor revenue for the year? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It would be INR130 crores. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
INR130 crores. Okay. The other question is actually, one of the comments you 
mentioned that you may look to expand the capacity. But if my understanding 
is correct, your revenue potential from existing capacity to the extend of 
INR1,500-odd crores? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I said it will be around INR1,300 crores, INR1,400 crores. And those who 
depend on the mix and where the products are -- what kind of products we're 
getting. So if we're going to grow at this rate, I just mentioned that we have to 
set aside the money for a new plant and we have to think about the new plant 
at a faster rate as compared to what we're thinking earlier. So that's the thing, 
that's the shifting – in our thinking at this point of time that if things are going 
at this way, then we will put the new plant earlier. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And any thoughts if we go for an expansion, what would be the kind of 
capex would it be greenfield, brownfield and what would be our investments 
and your time line? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It will be around INR150 crores. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
INR150 crores. Okay. Okay. The last question is on the margin. There is a 
sharp improvement in the margin in line with your guidance. Do you -- what 
is the trajectory you foresee going ahead on the margin front? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So we will see the margins improving incrementally as we improve the 
capacity utilization. When we see -- when we put the third plant, the margins 
could fall back a little bit maybe to 16% levels when we -- in those first years 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
of putting the new plant and then once it is full, the new plant margins will go 
back to 17%, 18% levels we will not be expecting. So I think the margins will 
be in the range, you can say 16.5% to 17.5% levels EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Apurva from Phillip Capital. 
Apurva Shah: 
Sir, first one on the clarification, sir, is it possible for you to bifurcate 
manufacturing into generator and the motor segment? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, it is possible. 
Apurva Shah: 
So can you help me with the number for the current year and for next year, 
when we are guiding for maybe INR970 crores to INR1,050 crores of 
manufacturing revenue. What are your other -- 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We don't want to -- there's a lot of variability if this takes place during the year, 
and we need to have the flexibility of saying some business which may have 
come, does not come, something else come and take this place. So we prefer 
to keep that flexibility within the management and report the manufacturing 
business as it block. Of course, we can give some general guidance numbers 
next quarter. But at this point of time, I'm hesitant to put the number out right 
now. 
Apurva Shah: 
Sir, I do understand. But the point here is still like the motor is a relatively new 
business for us compared to generators. And as of now, what we can 
understand is currently traction motor is the major revenue contributor when it 
comes to the motor segment. So what is for the synchronous and induction and 
what could be your growth guidance? So what factors you are building in for 
20%, 25% growth rate. So that would just we want to understand. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, that's a good point. I totally understand. I will put the tentative numbers 
out next quarter. But I already mentioned in the -- to an earlier question, we 
have around INR100 crores of pending orders for the motor side. So that will 
give a reasonable indication of which way we're heading. 
Apurva Shah: 
Great, sir. So we'll look out for that number in next quarter. And sir, my next 
question is on the hydro, it's a clarification. I think in your opening remarks, 
you said your hydro would grow may be 60% to 70% in the current year. So is 
that my understanding right? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, it is right. 
Apurva Shah: 
So sir, what was that number in FY '23? Because historically, it has -- the 
number is 20% to 25% of our total revenue comes from the hydro. So you are 
saying 60% to 70% growth on that biz, correct? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. We don't give the segment-wise breakup to that extent. 
Apurva Shah: 
Sir, we do give in the -- our annual report, so we don't have the FY '23 annual 
report. But if you look at historical numbers, so maybe 20, 25 percentage of 
our revenue comes from hydro, that's what we can understand from the annual 
report, that so I'm just clarifying. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So you want me to give an absolute number? 
Apurva Shah: 
Yes, sir, if it is possible for FY '23? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't have the number with me right now, but it is -- okay. So it will be 
somewhere in the region of INR170 crores, INR180 crores hydro. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision 
Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sir, firstly, just a clarification. The guidance that we given on manufacturing 
for manufacturing revenue of INR24,000 crores, they're saying this is 
generators plus motors? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, this is total Alisha. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And on the margin side, last 2 quarters, gross margins have been 
slightly higher in the 30%, 31% that you always said was sustainable, relative 
to 33%-plus. Do we see any moderation on the gross margin side going 
forward? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think there won't be a moderation. I think -- so I think if you -- so quarter-to-
quarter, it could be -- it could vary a little bit, but we -- you can say, it's 
definitely going to be 32%, and the management is trying to do better than that. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. So the 32% we did for the full year looks sustainable and operating 
leverage will help us. Understood. Okay. And just one last question, while I 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
know we're not exclusively calling out anything on the motor side, but overall, 
the margins would be in line with a quarter completion or  slightly better? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Overall, yes. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
In line with the quarter completion. Sir, and the 17% -- and the 17% EBITDA 
margin that we're talking about is including other vehicle? 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
Including other operational income. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Operational income, we're not talking about the treasury income. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. Got it. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So the operational income, what we have included the major factor would be 
the foreign exchange gain, which has come as a result of our forward booking 
decision that we took last year. And if you remember, last year, the euro was -
- had gone as low as INR77, INR78 to the rupee. And we had forward bookings 
done in the region of INR89, INR90. So we -- the time when the euro was very 
weak, we had significant foreign exchange gains. This year, it will be different 
because the euro is already around INR90 -- INR89, INR90, and we had 
forward bookings are also around the same levels. So this year, what's going 
to happen is it will be reflected in the sales itself because if it revolves in at the 
euro at INR89, INR90 and not at INR78 of what we did last year. So the income 
will show up on the invoice value, and we won't have a huge foreign exchange 
gains in this current year as we had in the previous year. That's a little bit long 
explanation, but I think it's necessary to put this out. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya 
Birla Mutual Fund. 
Shyam Maheshwari: Congratulations to the team on a good set of numbers. I have one question and 
it's mostly on understanding the business. So when we sell our generators or 
the motors that we are trying to sell down, do we sell them directly to the 
OEMs? Or do we also have some sales coming from distributors or channel 
partners? Yes, sir. So I just wanted to understand about our sales strategy. So 
do we directly sell our products to the OEMs? Or do we also have sales coming 
from the channel partners or distributors? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So our sales are -- when we sell our generators in the market, you know that it 
ends up being used in a large industrial complex or an IPP, let's say, that there 
is an international customer who is putting up a 50-megawatt biomass plant. 
So the sales will take place, the customer will buy a steam turbine generator 
set. So he will specify which steam turbine he wants, which generator he wants. 
There's normally an engineering consultant involved, and there's also normally 
also EPC contractor who is involved. They also have to meet the needs of the 
generator make, what they're offering to the customer is acceptable to them. 
So for us, as a generator manufacturer, we have to get the OEM of global, EPC 
contractor approvals, consultant approvals and also end user approval. So these 
are the multiple levels of approvals. And this is our sales process, where we 
have to go out there in the market and we get these approvals before we can 
win a project. We have to be on this approved vendor lists. And that is a 
fundamental part of our sales strategy to be on as many approvals as possible 
internationally. Domestically, we have a very high market share, and we have 
a huge installed base. So we don't have to fight to be on an approved vendor 
lists. We grow when the market grows. 
Shyam Maheshwari: Understood, sir. Sir, just a follow-up on that. So as you mentioned, we are 
trying to expand into other geographies, particularly Europe in terms of hydro 
turbines. So are you facing any stigma being a local Indian manufacturer there? 
Or are there any challenges that you see forthcoming in the future when you're 
trying to increase our base there? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think earlier in this call, I have mentioned that we have been working on the 
international market for the past 10 years or 12 years. And yes, we have faced 
the challenges of establishing an Indian made generator in the international 
market. So we have worked to overcome that challenge, and we have installed 
more than 700 machines in Europe right now, for example.  
There's still many parts of the market that still -- they still don't automatically 
accept an Indian made generator, and we still have to work towards getting 
acceptance in many, many places. And on the other hand, they are also 
accepted in many places. So we do -- we've seen our business also improved 
quite a lot in areas that we are in because we have been approved in many, 
many areas. If we still have a low market share, we have a long way to go. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
We're constantly working on improving our business internationally. So that's 
where we are today. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital 
Advisors. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Congratulations. This is a fantastic year. My first question was regarding 
Turkey. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Rajesh, can you use your handset mode, please. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Is it better now? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Rajesh, I can hear you, you can go ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. Great. So my first question is regarding Turkey. Sir, your guidance of 
this INR1,000-plus crores in manufacturing, how much are you assuming the 
Turkey business will come back? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The Turkey will be negligible this year. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. So that's more like a…. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It could be around INR10 crores. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. And then the second question is regarding the projects business. So I 
mean, it does add to our revenues, but on the EBITDA side, it's sort of not 
really performing to the expectation. So how do you think about that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The project business -- if we talk about the pure project business, we do about 
INR5 crores, INR6 crores per year, which is consisting of spare parts, some 
overhauling and we're just taking care of the existing supplies that we've made 
in the past 20 years, we're not doing any new projects. And we have a few 
people who run this business and it's profitable, and we will continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas. 
Riya Mehta: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question is in regard to the 
railway business. So currently, I think INR805 crores order book we have. So 
I just want to know the breakup of the business derived from in partnership 
with Alstom and independent railway business of us. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. So the railway business is divided into 2 parts. One is the direct business 
that we have. One is, we already have an existing order INR800-plus crores of 
Alstom, which is suitable for the next 5 years, that's an existing contract, which 
will run for the next 5 years. Then we are trying to get approval of the Indian 
Railways to supply motors to them for the business, that for the locomotive, 
the Indian Railways themselves produce. That we are in the approval stage and 
as then that we will need to first get approval, let me take a little bit more time. 
And then we will sign directly to the Indian Railways. 
The third part of it is new projects where the Indian Railways are putting out 
tenders for somebody else to make the locomotives like 9,000 horsepower, 
12,000 horsepower locomotives there. The traction motors may or may not be 
outsourced. Like in the case of Siemens, won the 9,000, it's not sure what they 
want to do, but they may make it themselves. So these are the 3 major parts of 
the market as far as they're concerned. 
And what -- so we have what we have right now, and then we are working 
aggressively on what we can control, which is a business that the Indian 
Railway. And the third part of it, the new projects, we don't know what's going 
to happen. It's out of our control. If our partner customer wins, then we have a 
good chance of winning some of that business. If they don't win, then we don't 
get it. So that's how it's going to play out. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. So majorly, for right now till Q3 FY '24, we don't get the approvals in 
place. It will be morely driven by the existing order book, which we have. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
This year, only mainly driven by the existing order book for sure. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. My second question is in regards to what the -- so basically, for 
the -- NW said that we have around INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores of order 
inflow for the next coming years. So would you give me a breakup of which 
segments do you see that coming from? Like a more broader definition apart 
from the manufacturing? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Segment-wise breakup, we don't give. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. So just give me directionally also the visibility and L1, how is it -- like 
how much is motors or generators and how is export? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I will give the breakup for motors next quarter, as I committed earlier in the 
call. It's important that I wanted to -- need to see where the growth is coming 
from. I will give the numbers next quarter. I've said that the number right now 
is somewhere around INR100 crores of business pending order for motors. But 
I can't give the expected order inflow breakup segment wise. I can't do that. It's 
giving away too much of competitive information also. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And in terms of cash flow utilization, our operating cash 
flow has increased almost INR88 crores this year and saying that INR25 crores 
of capex are parked for automation, etcetera. So what would be doing with the 
cash flow and what capital allocation strategies are we planning to go for? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I mentioned that we will set aside money for a new plant. And I've mentioned 
that if things are going at this pace, then the third plant is going to come earlier 
than what I expected. So we'll wait a couple of quarters, but we're setting aside 
the money for that. And these things are going to continue to run at this pace, 
like 38%, 40%. Then, of course, we need to have a new plant much earlier than 
what much earlier than that what earlier I've been talking about in the past 1, 
1.5 years. We just want to be ready for it, and we want to be able to respond 
immediately and so we will not let the situation where we're running sort of 
capacity. So we're preparing ourselves with the eventuality that we have to 
work much faster on this compared to what we were thinking a little bit earlier. 
Riya Mehta: 
And for setting of the new plant, we would take how much time and by when 
do we expect? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It would take 9 months to a year but -- 9 months to a year, and I mentioned it 
could be INR150 crores of investment. 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. And earlier we were expecting this to come or start in FY '25, correct 
me if I'm wrong. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Riya Mehta: 
So just correct me if I'm wrong, early, we were planning that we would set up 
a new factory by FY '25, like we'll start by then. So let me know... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, I'm not putting the date when we’re going to start right now also. I'm just 
saying that we're going to set aside some money for an eventuality that we have 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
to put a factory earlier than what I expected. That's all I'm saying at this point 
of time. And the question was about capital allocation. And the answer is that 
money is going to be set aside for setting up the new plant. When? I'm not 
putting a date for it right now. 
Riya Mehta: 
And in terms of the national election for us coming up next year, generally, we 
see that there is a lag of activities happening around that period. Do you foresee 
something like that happening next year? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't think that the story, capex story is going to be derailed. I don't think so. 
But the political situation in the country is important to have a long-term story, 
which story as I have been talking about. If we talk about what are the factors 
I can derail our story, of course, political side-effect can derail the story. So it's 
important that we -- for the country, I'm saying that the story continues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question for today. I now hand over the call to Mr. Nikhil Kumar for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you very much for a very engaging commentary and discussion 
today. I look forward to being in touch with all of you and seeing you all in 
some investor conference or the other or face to face some time in the near 
future. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
