 
 
 
 
 
21st February, 2023 
 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 533217 
   Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors for the quarter and nine 
months period ended on 31st December, 2022 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Conference 
Call for Analysts and Investors held on Tuesday, 14th February, 2023 in respect of Un-Audited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months period ended on  
31st December, 2022. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
http://www.hmvl.in/report23.html#  
 
We request you to take the above information on record 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
(Pumit Kumar Chellaramani) 
Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
PUMIT KUMAR 
CHELLARAMANI
Digitally signed by PUMIT KUMAR CHELLARAMANI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=201310, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
2.5.4.20=a9437f1595a380f5ee3a94a6c7eeacb713e4de103c392
d1460e94c5b55970519, 
pseudonym=F4D276D35EEB37350E8E6F35170E3B0509E32469
, 
serialNumber=3D932AA2CD348C9F43A70D056286977731109
0504DEEEAACC9AB7E3CD1DF353C, cn=PUMIT KUMAR 
CHELLARAMANI 
Date: 2023.02.21 20:04:30 +05'30'

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta – Group CFO 
Mr. Anup Sharma – CFO, Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
Mr. Pervez Bajan – Group Controller 
Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor Relations 
 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from the 
HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q3 FY22-23 
earnings webinar.  
  
 
As a reminder all participants will be in listen only mode. After we are 
through with the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions. I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you Anna.  
  
 
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all to the 
earnings webinar to discuss the financial results of Q3 FY22-23 of  
HT Media Group. On the panel today from our side we have Mr. Piyush 
Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Anup Sharma, CFO, Hindustan Media Ventures 
Limited; Mr. Pervez Bajan, Group Controller; and members of the 
Investor Relations team. 
 
On the screen now is the earnings presentation. Kindly note that our 
remarks will track with the presentation on this Zoom webinar. This 
presentation, along with the financial statements, is available on stock 
exchanges and the Investor Relations section of our websites.  
 
The Slide 2 captures the disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements, 
which is on your screens right now, kindly take note of the same. As per 
practice, we do not provide specific revenue or earnings guidance.  
 
Moving on to Slide 3. This gives our Chairperson's comments on the 
performance of the company for the quarter;  
 
"The third quarter of the ongoing fiscal year saw the continuation of the 
gradual recovery of our media businesses on the back of an improved 
industry-wide business environment and the annual festive season. 
However, persistent general inflation acted as a dampener resulting in a 
relatively muted festive quarter. Raw material costs remained at 
heightened levels during the quarter but will likely ease off in coming 
quarters. 
 
Against this backdrop, we continued to improve our business performance 
on a quarterly basis for the Print and Radio verticals. Overall, the Print 
segment saw sequential growth in both advertising and circulation 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
revenues, but margins continued to be impacted by high newsprint prices. 
Radio also saw an improvement on a sequential basis backed by better 
traction in both the FCT as well as the non-FCT space.  
 
With inflation easing and stabilization of the overall business 
environment, we are hopeful of capitalizing on the growth in consumer 
and advertiser spending in the medium-term. We remain committed to 
delivering credible and trustworthy news and engaging entertainment to 
our ever-growing audience base.”  
 
Moving on to Slide 4, this gives the agenda for today. We will begin the 
performance update with comments on our consolidated financials, which 
will be followed by detailed remarks on various businesses. We will open 
for Q&A session after the presentation concludes.  
 
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. Piyush Gupta. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya. Thanks, Anna. We will track the screen here. So, as you 
can see on Slide 6, we have got the consolidated financial summary. So, 
for Q3 FY23, we had a total revenue of INR 488 crores which is a decline 
of 2% vs. the same period last year. EBITDA came in at INR 28 crores 
which is a y-o-y decline of 74% with PBT at INR -30 crores and PBT 
margin at -6%.  
 
The key highlights are given on the right-hand side. Total revenue is down 
y-o-y basis, primarily on account of a relatively muted macro and festive 
season. To expand, sitting in the base is the political revenue which came 
in last year consequent to elections in UP. And also, there are 8 days short 
in this festive season because Diwali timing altered between the 2nd and 
3rd quarters. Net cash as on 31st December is at INR 854 crores.    
 
 Now we go into the business unit performance. Coming in to Print. We 
see ad revenue tracking at INR 284 crores as against INR 323 crores last 
year and operating revenue including circulation revenue came at INR 
368 crores vs INR 396 crores last year which is a decline of 7%. 
Sequentially that’s a growth of 7%. Operating EBITDA came in at INR -4 
crores vs y-o-y INR 87 crores. Sequentially it was INR -14 crores last 
quarter and is an improvement of 73%. 
 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
Going to key highlights, ad revenue declined on y-o-y basis which is led 
by volume which I explained earlier. Circulation revenue has improved on 
y-o-y and sequential basis led by increase in realization per copy. 
Operating EBITDA loss on account of higher newsprint prices.     
  
A little deep dive into English. Our ad revenue came in at INR 160 crores 
as against INR 176 crores last year which is a decline of 9% and versus 
previous quarter it is a growth of 9% with Q2 being INR 147 crores. 
Circulation revenue at INR 15 crores vs INR 7 crores which is a gain of 
122% and sequentially a gain of 18%. In key highlights, Retail, Auto, 
BFSI grew while Real Estate, FMCG and Education remained muted. 
Circulation revenue improved on the back of better realization per copy 
and higher number of copies.   
 
Moving onto Hindi. We can see a 16% y-o-y decline with ad revenue 
coming in at INR 123 crores and sequentially it is a growth of 1% where 
ad revenue nearly remained flat. On circulation revenue, again it is almost 
flat at INR 45 crores both sequentially and on a y-o-y basis. In key 
highlights, Auto, Healthcare and Durables grew while Retail, Education 
and FMCG remained muted.     
 
A quick look at our Radio business. Revenue grew handsomely to INR 42 
crores from INR 34 crores in same period last year which is a growth of 
21%. And on a sequential basis it is a growth of 27%. Operating EBITDA 
came at INR 7 crores which is a y-o-y growth of 50% and operating 
EBITDA margin came in at 17%.   
 
A quick look at the Digital business which is sitting in HT Media Group. 
Revenue came in at INR 28 crores as against INR 36 crores last year, a 
decline of 23% and margins were negative with INR -4 crores operating 
EBITDA.   
 
With this, we come to the end of the presentation. I hand it back to 
Aaditya and Anna. 
  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you, Piyush. We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click 
on the ‘raise hand’ option which will enable the Moderator to unmute you 
for posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your query 
and kindly restrict to a maximum of two questions per participant so that 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
we may be able to address questions from all participants. We will wait 
for a few moments while the question queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Ranga Prasad. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad: 
Good afternoon everyone. At the outset let me say that I find it very 
heartening to note that the price of newsprint is finally falling. Hope we 
can see further sharp falls in the price of newsprint in the coming quarters. 
Could you please throw some light on what is the average price of 
newsprint used for Q3 and how you see it pan out in the coming few 
quarters – that’s my first question. You want me to continue with the 
second question or wait for your answer? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, why don’t we answer that first and then you can go to the next 
question. 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Q3 on a consolidated basis the rate was about INR 65,000/MT and the 
next quarter we are hoping to see about 3% improvement on this. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Ok. Do you see the trend of newsprint prices coming down consistently? 
 
 
Anna Abraham: 
Yes, we are seeing the trend of it coming down consistently. 
 
 
Ranga Prasand:  
For a quarter or so? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
My second question is on the expenses front. As far as expenses go I find 
a disturbing trend of a sharp rise in other expenses which have increased 
sharply from Q3 last year and even as compared to Q2. On a standalone 
basis, other expenses have gone up from INR 100 crores in Q3 last year to 
INR 108 crores in Q2 and present quarter Q3 at INR 124 crores. As a line 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
item these other expenses are equal to combined expenses of raw material 
and employee costs. I think it would be very helpful and will add to 
transparency if we have a break-up of the other expenses. And do you see 
any chance of improvement in the coming quarters on this front?      
 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes. So, on other expenses, when the detailed financials are issued we 
always give a detailed break-up. I will talk about the major variations this 
time. It is partially on account of advertisement and sales promotion cost 
which is largely because we have had some big events happening this 
quarter vis-à-vis sequential and last year – both in Print and Radio 
business. And therefore, there is an increase in cost on account of that. 
 
 
 
There are also investments which are happening in the Labs business 
which is a new initiative that we have done. The cost of that also sits in 
this and that is accounting for about half of this cost increase.  
 
 
 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thanks Anna. So, Mr. Ranga Prasad, if I have to add my two bits, clearly 
one part is the investment in HT Labs that we are doing which is giving 
rise to some increased spends that we are seeing here and secondly you 
know with the Covid restrictions opening up and on-ground events 
happening there are certain events that we are conducting which is giving 
rise to certain expenses which are booked in the other expenses line which 
is thus increasing. But they have a corresponding revenue which is also 
sitting up there.    
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
 You mean we can expect the revenue to come in the coming quarters? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well you know most of the revenue has come in this quarter and some 
revenue might be - which is linked to the deliverable - if it comes in the 
subsequent quarter. But the bigger point I am trying to make is, because 
we are comparing with the 3rd quarter of last year when on-ground events 
were not happening, we were not conducting on-ground events and hence 
these costs were not coming. Now that it is coming to business as usual, 
on-ground events will happen and we will be committing some expenses 
on that but those are directly linked to a revenue incidence which will be 

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
booked in ad revenue or in our other revenues.    
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
I also find that finance costs are increasing quarter on quarter. In fact, they 
have gone up from INR 10 crores to INR 17 crores.  
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, two reasons actually. Well for finance costs one of the reasons is the 
IndAS 116. So, whenever most of our rentals which are negotiated for our 
multiple offices, these have to undergo IndAS 116 treatment and what 
typically happens is that there is some part which is kept in the operating 
expense and when you re-new a long-term agreement, in the initial days 
of the agreement, a big amount is booked in the finance cost. So, it is 
basically IndAS 116 arrangement.  
 
 
Of course, the second reason is that the borrowing is definitely more 
expensive then what it was a year ago. But it is a minor impact due to that.  
 
More so, the IndAS 116 impact that is coming in the finance cost line.       
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Now, I hope with the fall in newsprint prices and rationalization in 
expenses that in the coming quarters we can come back to profitability. 
Would you say that? 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, for sure. Look, newsprint prices in a normal situation would have 
fallen much more sharply than they are falling right now given this whole 
geopolitical situation between Russia and Ukraine. Because if you go 
back to the commodity cycle of 2017-18, what went up in two quarters 
came down in two quarters also.  
 
Right now, it is coming down a little gradually. We are very sure of the 
direction that the newsprint prices will only soften from here on. But will 
the gradient be as sharp as it was when it was going up, we don’t think so.  
Right now, we are seeing it continuously come down and in the next two 
quarters we are very sure that it will be another 10-20% down from here 
on. Of course, there is some inventory we always carry in the business and 
those things are adjusted on a weighted average basis.  
  

                             
      February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Thank you very much. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants that you 
may use the “Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you wish to ask a 
question. 
 
 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants that you may use the 
“Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you wish to ask a question. 
 
Thank you all. With this, we come to end of the Q&A session. If you have 
any further queries, please reach out to the Investor Relations Team. Our 
contact details are given in the investor presentation, and are also 
mentioned on our websites.  
 
I now handover to Piyush, for closing remarks. 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya. Thank you everyone for joining our investor call. We 
definitely hope for a better set of results. As I said that the commodity 
prices are indeed coming down and the revenue demand pick up should 
hopefully see through the economy, with GDP predictions given by the 
RBI and the World Bank are north of 6%. 
 
 
We look forward to seeing you in a quarter’s time. Thank you all, so very 
much and have a great day.   
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
