Date: 02.02.2023
To
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra(E),
Mumbai- 400051
NSE Symbol- DATAPATTNS
To
BSE Limited
25th Floor, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai- 400001
Company Code: 543428
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015-
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam,
Further to our earlier inƟmaƟon regarding the earnings call to be held on Monday, 30th January, 2023 for the
Audited Financial Statements for the quarter and year ended 31st December, 2022, please ﬁnd enclosed
herewith the transcript of the same.
The transcript of the earnings call as well as the audio is also available on website of the Company. You are
requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record.
Thanking You.
For Data PaƩerns (India) Limited
Manvi Bhasin
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
Encl as above 
Digitally signed by MANVI BHASIN
DN: C=IN, O=PERSONAL, 
T=1378, 
OID.2.5.4.65=f0b27f303e3cc8a6d
a91f95551bd598964aab888271f2e
5d3b2d48d1b2c30046, 
PostalCode=110085, S=Delhi, 
SERIALNUMBER=3c0768b9bf1c5
0ea6ce42f252de7b5cceaf6647f29
3b0599ec1987d5424166aa, 
CN=MANVI BHASIN
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: your signing location 
here
Date: 2023-02-02 10:11:23
Foxit Reader Version: 10.0.1
MANVI 
BHASI
N

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
Q3 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. RANGARAJAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MS. REKHA MURTHY RANGARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATA SUBRAMANIAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call of Data 
Patterns India Limited, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Monali Jain from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you, Yashasvi. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Data Patterns India Limited 
Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 and nine-month FY ’23 results. We have on the call, Mr. S. 
Rangarajan, Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Rekha Murthy Rangarajan, Whole-Time 
Director; and Mr. Venkata Subramanian, Chief Financial Officer. We must remind you that the 
discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore 
viewed in conjunction with the risk that Company faces. 
May I now request Mr. Rangarajan to take us through the Company’s business outlook and 
financial highlight, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Monali. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today 
for the Q3 FY ’23 Results Call. I believe you must have seen the results presentation, which is 
published on exchanges and our website. While Venkata will walk you through the results, I 
would like to briefly touch upon some of the strategic updates and key highlights of this quarter. 
We have delivered the highest ever Q3 and nine months revenue and profitability. We’re 
currently doing better than our guidance to the market, though this is as per our internal 
projections. We kicked off 2023 with yet another significant order from DRDO, demonstrating 
our continued dealership in the domestic radar and EW areas with products that meet 
international standards. 
Continuing with healthy order book, we have considerable insight into our upcoming 
performance. Our order book is robust at INR 1,014 crores, underlying both our diversity and 
showing our homegrown expertise in cutting edge defense technologies. I’m pleased to inform 
you that we had a strong order intake of INR 163 crores, up by 3.3 times in Q3 FY ’23. We have 
very strong sense of revenue visibility because a sizable percentage of this comes from 
development contracts, which will eventually transition into production contracts.  
Some of the large orders we received in Q3 FY ’23 are one, we received a radar order from 
DRDO and BEL worth INR7 crores, these are for development and production orders; two, 
development orders worth INR 24 crores for Electronic Warfare from DRDO; three, we received 
a production order from HAL and Airport Authority of India, totaling INR 75 crores in Avionics 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
and Airport Management; four, another production order worth INR 57 crores received from 
BrahMos and other programs. 
With the country moving towards Atamnirbharta in defense R&D, this sector has been taking 
massive strides in order to upgrade and modernize its capabilities. Drawing lessons from the 
recent global political prices, the Ministry of Defense has launched various acquisition initiatives 
and RFQs, and we are ideally positioned to gain from the sectorial opportunity. With a new 
manufacturing facility expected to commence from Q4 FY ’23, our capability in R&D, 
engineering and execution will get a much needed boost. 
We have successfully completed site acceptance test of two precision approach radars. We’ve 
also been nominated as development cum production partner for Dornier upgrades. Since we 
have the best-in-class manufacturing facilities and a strong debt free balance sheet and good 
working capital lines, we are in excellent position to showcase our indigenous capabilities in 
cutting-edge defense technologies. 
Our strategic priorities for two years are clearly defined, which are as follows. One, we will 
concentrate on greater opportunities in radar, electronic warfare and satellite markets. Two, we 
are expecting to participate in over INR 20 billion to INR 30 billion worth of contracts over the 
next three, four years. With these efforts, we should be able to achieve our top-line increase of 
25% to 30% and sustainable high margin in the range of 40%. As you are aware, we obtained 
the Board’s approval to an enabled net resolution to raise a fund up to INR 500 crores. 
This sector is seeing strong growth in government. And the government is pushing for Make in 
India. We want to be prepared for this growth opportunity both in terms of manufacturing 
facilities and product development. 
I will now hand over to Venkata for his comments. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you, sir, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We are pleased to let you know that we 
have delivered the strongest nine months performance ever. I would like to walk you over the 
quarter’s financial results, which include, our revenues increased by 2.5 times in Q3, and 2 times 
in year-on-year nine months to INR 111.8 crores and INR 268.3 crores in Q3 FY ’23 and nine 
months ended FY ’23 respectively.  
Development contracts generated 28% of Q3 revenues as compared to 13% Q3 last year. The 
contribution from production contracts were 65% in Q3 current year as compared to Q3 last 
year’s 67%. Lastly, service contracts contributed around 7% in Q3 of this year. The gross 
margins for Q3 and nine months were maintained at 66% and 65% respectively. PAT for the 
quarter increased by four times to INR 33 crores and for the nine months, it increased by 2 times 
to INR 69 crores led by a strong EBITDA during the period.  
We have invested around INR 36 crores in the new facility till date and we expect the new 
facility to be operational in Q4 of FY ’23. We have a net debt free and robust balance sheet with 
a cash on hand of INR 61 crores at the end of nine months and are striving to maintain the 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
working capital cycle around 300 days. The overall nine months performance was pretty 
impressive, producing record revenues. Although Q4 is still a important quarter, we can observe 
that the seasonality is gradually decreasing. 
We will now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question is to understand a bit more -- while YTD, we have already achieved almost 
INR 680 crores of inflows, how are we looking at the order inflow for the rest of the year? And 
specifically for FY ’24, especially that large projects like Himshakti, etcetera, were delayed from 
fiscal ’23 to ’24. So, if you can share some update or large orders in pipeline and outlook on the 
same. 
S. Rangarajan: 
We expect about INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores this current quarter. Additional orders are 
expected. Today also, we renegotiated a contract, which we’ll be announcing. So as regards to 
the next year, as you rightly said, the programs line Himshakti, Arudhra, all of them are almost 
in the stage of finalization. That’s what we hear from the market. And once finalized, I think 
back-to-back, some contracts are expected Arudhra by us. So this is one or two big orders, which 
will come, which will be a single tender for us, which we’ll execute. 
The second portion is like we announced, we have also become development and production 
partner for two programs of Dornier Upgrades. So that one letter of intent has already come, one 
more today, we finalized for EW. This is for radars in EW for Dornier Upgrades for Navy. There 
is a development contract, which is initiated by the DRDO. Hopefully, once we deliver this 
product to DRDO and it’s operationalized, by them to Navy, we can expect that back-to-back 
orders for the upgradation of Dornier aircrafts for HAL, the order should also follow in the 
coming years. So that is an important development. 
And the other thing is, we are also participating in MOD fast track tenders some and also the 
Make-1, Make-2 tenders. We’re also expecting the tender to be released in the next few months 
for the Ashwini radars, where we’re also participating. I think they aon is being cleared. So, we 
expect some contracts, with enquiries to happen. And we need to bid against competition to see 
where we stand, but there is some idea that we should get some contracts in that. So these are 
essentially some of the top of the line orders, which are getting into the head, but there are a lot 
more in the end years we’re working on to see that we increase our order size. 
Renu Baid: 
Also you mentioned that from a longer term perspective, you think the 25% 30% revenue growth 
is sustainable with high margins of 40% so as even larger projects in EW radars including system 
integrations, you have reasonable amount of optimism of sustaining 40% plus EBITDA margins 
or do you think margins could moderate a bit as growth accelerates a 30%, 35% plus CAGR? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, this obviously works, depends on the contract and the competitive contracts we’ve got. So 
some of them, which have been delivered early and it’s a mix of contracts so the EBITDA margin 
comes up and so, at the present moment, we think that we should be able to retain the EBITDA 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
at 40%. And as we scale larger, we have to look at the kind of contracts and the mix of contracts 
before we can give guidance. So, I think at the present moment, we would like to stick with 
whatever guidance we’ve given you. 
Renu Baid: 
Secondly, sir. We have taken an enabling resolution for nearly INR 5 billion worth of equity or 
debt or both combinations. So, you know what kind of growth capital you think you’ll be needing 
in the next two to three years, A, for the current organic growth and B, if you win certain large 
Make 1, Make 2 programs with some foreign OEM Partner? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay. See, we have taken an enabling resolution for over INR 500 crores on the Board. The 
Board has been very supportive. The business is very differently. We can’t be reactive to this 
market. We have to be proactive with this market. As you know, we have been a product 
development company with in-house IP generation, all through our history of the Company. And 
while we -- earlier days, we could only look at the catalogue kind of management style, where 
we every available penny we’ll put in product development and slowly grow the business. 
This is what was the model followed all around. But that model today, though we have done 
this, invested a lot in the last few years or so many years and the orders have started coming in 
now, after a few years of gap, but the market itself has changed, it’s gone through drastic changes 
now. To follow an earlier model that we will generate -- develop products slowly and then push 
into market is no longer -- will not give us the accelerated pace which we need today, not just 
what we need to grow, but also what the market opportunities are. 
Market opportunities are enormous today, as in this -- like I’ve been always saying in the last 
calls with you is that we are trying to actually tie with foreigners in India and build some 
purchase in India, work share and address the market space. We’ve always been saying, that’s 
not the way to address this market, we have to build products here in India and get a better 
probability to win based on IP generated here because then the cost model becomes much lower 
for us than a competing company who imports and integrates. 
So we need to actually build an ecosystem, build Indian defense equipment, which is world class. 
They’ve always been talking about that and the market opportunities today, with in a flurry of 
RFPs coming in the last three months, so we need to address those opportunities with actual 
products. If we do it the way we’ve been doing all along, we may miss the opportunity, miss the 
bus.  
So we’ve talked to our Board and Board has sanctioned this and said yes, we need to aggressively 
position ourselves, scale the business substantively. See, what we’re really raising funds for is 
not to do what is coming year or next year, two years, we are looking ahead at 3, 5 year, 10-year 
market and said if I have addressable -- a product is available to address -- increase my total 
addressable market space. 
So that is the idea with which we’re doing to gain traction, build products, have the prototype 
products, assemble for trials on your Make 1 Make 2 or buy Indian, IDDM, all kinds of 
categories with MoD comes up with and then address market to see that we get that rapid growth, 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
which is essential. You see, market is growing, it is up to us to be there and be counted or fall 
behind. We don’t want to fall behind. So that is the idea of aggressively trying to bid and grow 
building capability for tomorrow. That is the kind of market we are looking at and we want be 
standard also. This is one. 
So, the money raised is for that. We also would put something in working capital. We would 
also put some capex, put some test infrastructure, all towards building as organization to scale 
rapidly in the next three to five years. We need to address the market with products and 
competencies. So that’s the idea of doing this. 
Renu Baid: 
Just a follow-up on this. Would you have any names or segments where you are tying up with 
foreign partners to share with? You may, may not win, just about participating in the market 
with foreign OEMs in certain categories to share? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, it is not necessarily -- see, one. Make 1 and Make 2 is a designed in India configuration, 
where largely you design in India, not with foreign partners. So, that is one. So we really don’t 
have to have a foreign partner to core in Make 1 and Make 2, they’re trying to do it alone 
wherever possible. Even if you have to go with foreign partners, it’s not appropriate to name 
them at the right moment. We will do this -- it is contract dependent. We have a few people who 
we are working with and where we are trying to have a deep relationship, not a contract specific 
relation, trying to have a more deeper relationship where not only we build, we co-build 
products, which make sense. 
So that is what we’re trying to do. So, I would like to give -- name the company, but largely, we 
are trying to build on our own. The second thing I can tell you is, we’re very selective about 
where we want to build products. We don’t want to take money and put them and then do a hit 
or miss kind of category. We’re already ahead of the rest of the market in India in certain 
segments like radars, in electronic warfare, in satellites.  
We want to reinforce our capability here, build products and be world class and make it with 
Indian market and later export these products outside India. So we want to be specific in certain 
domains. We’re far ahead. We’ve already built building blocks with this, high end built both 
building blocks in this, so we’re ready to address the market, win trials, be ahead of others, create 
IP here, so the value creation is far, far higher. That’s what we’d like to do. That is where we’re 
going to the market to get money. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, first question is pertaining to some of these orders that you mentioned, the Dornier Upgrades, 
the two versions, one is for the Air Force and also the precision approach radars where we are 
expecting some orders. Is it possible to give us some estimate of the size of these orders and the 
tentative timeline? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We received orders for Dornier Upgrade for Dornier contracts for the airborne radars and also 
we expect a contract come for the ESM that is the EW upgrade portion of the Dornier. This is 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
one is already, the other one negotiations are on and these are for development to see that we 
prove it on the with DRDO on the chase aircrafts or naval aircrafts. Subsequent to that depending 
on how many units Navy wants, maybe 10 systems or 25 systems, number of aircrafts. Back to 
back, once it's successful, the contract should come. They are in a hurry to fly it and test it. So 
we expect that maybe the backup order should also come within next two, three years. 
As far as PAR is concerned, we are going as per contract. We have delivered, accepted, three 
systems have been already accepted. Fourth one is acceptance is over in our premise. It is under 
integration at customer premises. The other ones as per contract, we are executing as per 
contract. One more system will go in the next one month or so. And maybe we will be ahead of 
delivery next year. What is necessary. So what is on track? Since the results are working well, 
there is also some interest to see whether follow on orders can additional order be placed. But 
that is all under discussion. 
At the present moment, I don't have clear idea. But I think maybe there is a possibility of 
additional orders also happening. But I can't tell you exactly How many are there at the present 
moment? 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Secondly, sir, in the previous calls, you have also given some status updates on the new products 
or new areas of RF seekers, because you were one of the qualified parties along with ECIL and 
also on the satellite development that we were undertaking, will that be a big capital commitment 
towards that? Where are we in that development side? If you can update on these two areas, 
please? 
S. Rangarajan: 
The RF seekers, one and a half month back, there were actual trials. This is what is called as 
capital trials on Su-30, which happened and is successful. We are awaiting additional trials either 
on capital or again I don’t know whether I’m supposed to talk of all this, but you asked the 
question, I’ve to answer. So we have to wait and watch what DRDO does, but we are in line 
with their thinking and the products are functioning as of now. So we need to await DRDO’s 
instructions on next trials to see where it goes. Product itself is performing and so as satellite is 
concerned, it has been a long kind of data bundles that we’ve invested into complete satellite 
development for the last decade. 
We went on the student satellite program where we decided we want to get our satellite to space 
where design is done in-house completely. So we did a satellite long back, we started in 2014 
design. Only decision was we’ll never report anything, we build all the satellite here in India, all 
this capabilities, including ground station, the telecommunication all the -- everything with 
communications, everything which is designed in India.  
And, we want to design it as a military satellite. So all the capability of military satellite we want 
to put inside, for example, complete redundancy on the satellite, so no single point failure, 
everything about the satellite, the health of the satellite, every current voltage is monitored and 
telemetered down to ground station, so we can then see which part of satellite is not functioning, 
in which case we can switch it from ground and make the satellite operational. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Whatever ISRO has or the capabilities, we will duplicate it in a small satellite program and make 
that scalable so that once we get some experience on air on the satellite performance and 
validation, all the algorithms are validated, reliability established, we can scale it for defense 
satellite for India as well as outside India. We largely achieved it, we have another satellite for 
Pixxel launched, about a month or back. The satellite is fully functional. We’ve handed over the 
satellite to Pixxel. 
All functions are done. ISRO has taken all the satellite parts of ours, for their own Nano Satellite 
program. They’ve even taken our ground stations from us to do this. So they also have 
confidence in how our systems are working. The Bhutan SAT which is used -- most of the 
onboard systems are all ours, which is done by ISRO, so they also have confidence of systems 
working, so we have some operational experience and in-flight experience and space experience 
on our products, working for a few years. 
And our competency on building entire system. So obviously, we thought this is one of the areas 
where co-competency has been established over the last 10 years. We need to actually build a 
proper satellite for defense and space. So that is one of the strategic program moves. We have 
been talking about it off and on. Now that the second satellite is fully functional and working, 
we’re also building a small satellite with the MWIR sensor camera, that is also designed in-
house, that also hopefully should be launched in the next few months. So, we are building a 
competency model here. Fully homegrown in-house competency model. 
So we are going to do this and going to invest further on this, receive that — like I said, the 
market today. Last year, when I talked about, the market was not visible. It was all handled only 
by ISRO, but today the market is getting exposed to industry here. Already the Make 1 and Make 
2 programs are coming up from MoD tenders. ISRO is also looking at building satellites using 
private sector for such application, so there is a lot of talk now and so we want to be ahead of 
the game and see whether we can do world class systems in Indian competency. So we are going 
to start investing in these opportunities and create our own opportunity in this space. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And sir, last question from my side is on the net working capital cycle. Where did we end — 
where was the working capital position at the end of third quarter? And if you could also give 
the absolute rupees crores amount for debtors and inventory at the end of nine months? 
S. Rangarajan: 
 
Venkata, you can answer that. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Sandeep, our net working capital days remained almost at the same level throughout this year 
so far around 350, 360 days. We expect it to gradually come down, that’s what we have been 
telling in all the calls. We expect it to be gradually coming down to probably around to 280 to 
300 days. 
But currently, it is high because of inventory holding due to advance procurement, which we 
plan and procure ahead of the requirements considering the non-availability of material due to 
COVID situations, though the material availability is reasonably eased out now, but we have 
already procured and that is the reason for the net working capital higher in the year so far. We 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
expect it to remain almost at the same level in March as well. But going forward, it will gradually 
come down. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just couple of questions. Can you just update us on the BrahMos status where we were trying to 
do some testing for RF seekers? Any update on that? And there are other companies also bidding 
for it. So what’s the status there? 
S. Rangarajan: 
That’s what I said in the last question with Sandeep. The seekers have gone through some capital 
trials on SU-30, we’ve finished that capital trials about a couple of months back. In the month 
of December, the trials were there. We’re awaiting additional trials from DRDO. The products 
are working well and it is now left to DRDO to take additional trials and then certify it. 
So once they do missile trial and certify it, then it will be ready for production. So we expect in 
the next few months that should happen. I’m not privy to exactly when the trials are going to 
happen. They will let us know as it’s happening. But we are on track. The products are working. 
At the present moment, that’s all I can say as far as BrahMos is concerned. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
So is that a possibility then in FY ’24, we may get a few orders, maybe on production basis for 
this? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I don’t know. See, it should come in natural course if they take a decision to put our seekers or 
Indian seekers into those missiles, so today we are importing them. So, it would make sense to 
do more in India. This is a decision between BrahMos and DRDO. Of course, they can’t do this 
until the missile tests are done. I don’t know when they’re doing, they are saying it is going to 
be done in a hurry. So, we don’t have the dates as of now. But our people are working with them. 
So as and when it’s done, and I don’t know one test or two test, what they would like to do, so 
— but it should naturally happen as long as the product performs is what I would think, because 
we are also less than 50% the import price and there is a lot of pressure now to do more in India 
and reduce foreign exchange outflow. 
So, naturally it should happen. But dates, I’m not able to tell you about, it’s not really -- at the 
present moment, I don’t have data. I am not -- we’re not projecting that for next year turnover. 
See, we want be very clear, when we project turnover, we want to be very clear that these context 
should happen. We don’t have control over this because we only give the product -- working 
product that is all we can commit at the present moment. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
My another question is, as you become -- as the new facility gets operational and you try to 
become a system integrator, what are the key projects that you will be bidding for, if you can 
highlight some of them? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See the areas we will bid will be similar to where competencies have been built. See over a 
period of time, we will try to build complete competency in radars. So we will try to now bid 
against Make 1 and Make 2, IDDM all these kind of contracts come up. Wherever we believe 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
we have a competency model, we will try to build those systems here and then for that, we have 
the new facility, which we have created, can bring in about 10 trucks can come inside. 
We can build radars on trucks, we can build big radars, we have put foundation for all of them. 
We have put clean room and doubled our production capacity in terms of --we put a second pick-
and-place line, we added more vibration tables. So we are doing what is necessarily, we are 
going to put in a full eMMC infrastructure, a full 461, which we are now going out and waiting 
in line for testing all that we are now creating our own infrastructure. 
So, timelines for delivery, timelines for tests are shortened, and delivery mechanics are enabled. 
So what is necessary is debottlenecking. We have done that, so testing when we’re putting inside. 
As far as the programs are concerned, where we will build our prototypes and demo units and if 
we could try up trials, this will be in the areas where we have already built a competency and 
we built a lot of building blocks to enable us to create a system without going through a complete 
development.  
It will be more reengineering and fortune development, re-use of already developed technologies 
and even in those things, we are going to address markets. We will try to do subsystems which 
is reusable, so that’s -- the risk of non -- getting one contract should not write-off the 
development. So we’ve positioned against many contracts. 
We’ll be very, very prudent on what we spend. We’ve always been prudent on money spending. 
We are very tight on money. We don’t spend money easily. So we will be very, very careful in 
how we spend the money and see that we differentiate ourselves from rest of market. We want 
to be the equipment supplier in India, not try and import and integrate. So that is the line which 
we want to take, differentiate and grow.  
But we -- so the growth is going to be -- and market access is so big today, I need to take some 
large kind of investment model to see that we expect the market is addressed properly. 
Otherwise, we’ll lose the business, meaning we will not scale as fast as we want to scare. The 
opportunities provided, we want to invest in this. So new facility is going to help us address 
these opportunities and also we are creating more bandwidth to see that we create products for 
the new opportunities which are pouring in. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And you believe that, this new -- with this new facility, you will be very competitive in terms of 
bidding and you can get very strong? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, no, no, the bidding, it’s not going to be — new facility will not allow me to be competitive 
to bids. The new facility will allow me to build the product, validate it in-house because see, 
what happens is, the facility is for two reasons, one for increasing our product — manufacturing 
scale, the new orders coming in, our capacity building has to happen. So that is one for the new 
facility, which helps us meet the capacity requirements.  
Point number two, when we move from subsystems to systems, when — at the present, the 
infrastructure, I can’t make my trucks inside and outfit a truck for EW or a radar application. So 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
this we could not do and so, we created infrastructure where a large multi-ton metal can be 
moved inside, they can move facilities inside, integrate the system, it will be with us for six, nine 
months before we build a product, then take it for what — and qualify them, then take it to trials 
with the MOD tender. 
It will allow us to do all this in-house. It is very difficult to say, I’ll build substance. I don’t have 
infrastructure. I can take, go out outside and build it, may not be — it will not be very practical 
to do all this, so while doing this new factory, we have created areas where, we will graduate 
from subsystem or a box supplier to a full system supplier, for which we need to transition 
ourselves with infrastructure. 
We have created the necessary infrastructure to do this, it will not that — that I can do INR5,000 
crores. No, what will happen is, initially we will see that addressed opportunities in MOD, if we 
get a contract to do INR 3000 crores, additional infrastructure will be built as a production line 
assembly, but with the existing infrastructure, we can participate in major programs, build our 
own systems to scale products, demonstrate the system and see — be competitive that is the 
facility what we creating.  
The capability comes from in-house manpower rather than infrastructure alone. The 
infrastructure helps, but it is all IP-created over many years and continue to create and invest on 
people, what we do maximize our manpower content. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, just wanted to know, why is the employee cost reduce, despite our head count increasing? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No. It’s not reduced. Venkata? 
Venkata Subramanian: 
It is not reduced. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Quarterly basis it has. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
No. It has not reduced. Actually, it has increased only. 
Akshay Kothari: 
From INR 19.14 crores, it has come down to 18…. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
That is because of some actuarial valuation and related provisioning, actually it is due to actuarial 
provisioning, some small reduction is there, that has nothing to do with actual salary. This is 
only the actuarial valuation, because of some leave encashment and provisioning and things like 
that, which has cost a small change in the numbers. 
Akshay Kothari: 
So, my second question is related to Pixxel, so they have received funding from one of their --
partners and they are developing around 24 satellites, so I have two questions regarding it. One 
is, we had developed a Nano Satellite for Pixxel so what was the amount for that, quantum of 
that Nano Satellite? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
S. Rangarajan:  
No, we invested also in that. We wanted to continue development. It is not selling price, but we 
have contract of about couple of crores or so, I don’t know exact amount. This was done about 
two, three years back. Slightly more than a couple of crores is what we got in order. But that is 
more to it because it was start-up and we said we will also invest with you -- that is how the 
whole thing happen. 
Akshay Kothari: 
And regarding your earlier comments, sir, what exactly are we doing for the Pixxel right now 
and what is the revenue potential for that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
What does that? Can you repeat the question? 
Akshay Kothari: 
What is the revenue potential we can expect because they are developing some serious satellite? 
They are developing around 34... 
S. Rangarajan: 
They wanted to -- they have raised money to build their own satellites with people like us and 
then probably sell images to customer, so that is the business model they told me. I really don’t 
know what they’re doing today. But this is all one-off contracts, we don’t know whether multiple 
contracts will happen tomorrow. I have no idea. 
But we look at it not from a contract point of view, we look at the point-of-view of building 
capability to see that we prove our capability in terms of products in space and get space lineage 
and because this is an incremental capability development program, we can’t do this overnight 
-- then we need to find out mistakes, correct it. So that is the endeavour for me to do this. 
And now, what is that we have the competency model, we want to build products with these 
serious defense applications and civil applications. Today, we’re confident because of the 
successes, we know we can do this more. So that is where we’re going, the direction is going to 
be much more clearer in what we want to do in big satellites. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Lastly, regarding the enabling resolution of INR 500 crores, sir, you had mentioned that it could 
be debt, equity or a combination of both, so what exactly would be the key drivers for 
determining which mode of funding would be used? would it be like, if the project is riskier, we 
would be going for equity funding or something sort of that. 
S. Rangarajan:  
You see, what happens – why we set the working capital debt and all that may happen to keep 
with the turnover increases, we may do, but as far this is concerned, we need to look at 
appropriate funding for appropriate programs like we very clearly said. So, we need to take 
calibrated view depending on the expenditure pattern. Again enabling resolution has come from 
my board and we will take it back to the Board, on investment model, we have to get that 
clearances to implement. So that we have to do. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Currently it is equity only. It is only equity right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
As of now, this INR 500 crores is only equity right. It’s nothing to do with debt. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay, I probably read it somewhere. Okay, no problem. That’s it from my side. Thanks and all 
the best. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management.  
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, hi, thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Very 
good execution on the margin front. Just wanted to understand about this enabling resolution, 
which is there, I mean INR 500 crores kind of a number, so I mean, what is the rationale of 
arriving at this number.  
I mean, what will be the capex, working capital investments and the development expenditure 
that we’re going to have, and which are these programs which is going to be the focus for this 
INR 500 crores? Sir, if you could split across this number? What is the rationale for arriving at 
this particular number? That’s will be helpful. And how are we looking to spend this particular 
amount in the coming time and how could it be adding to our revenue and just some color around 
that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I need a bit of time to answer all those questions. We have taken the enabling number from the 
Board now and we will have to discuss with the bankers and the lawyers to see what we need to 
do, also with our statutory auditors. We’ll go through this cycle with them and then see what we 
can do with this and how do we want to do this. In terms of we will have to clearly define our 
infrastructure requirements, capex and test requirements as you go along and also some will go 
into general corporate expenses, etc. 
So, we need to do that, let’s say we have not done it yesterday only facility got this clearance, 
so we need to — the next few weeks, we’ll try and do this properly. The other part of the question 
is where we want to — which are the areas of expertise or product are we going to do.  
Again, like I said. It will be in areas where we have differentiated capabilities and a large 
investment already done in product development and subsystems and systems and domain, and 
we will try to strive and build bigger products in those areas because the market now has opened 
up for MOD for a number of such programs and products. 
So there is common vein on which we can do product development and use that to address 
market space with one of the trials, which is necessary, it is a mandatory requirement to pass 
technical evaluation, we need to have demo products to pass evaluation. What people do 
typically is import the products and then try and do this. We want to be different from others, in 
the sense, it has to be homegrown. That is when the IP is here, that is when value addition is 
more and if you do this, our costs become lower and hence, I’m able to be more competitively 
priced in the open market here. 
So with all this in mind, taking a very long term strategic view, we will be building strategic 
products to address market space, which is very differentiated from what other people are doing. 
So, that will be in areas, like I said, it will be in radars, it will be an EDW, it will be in radios 
and communication, it will be in satellites, it will be in some avionics. So where we are thinking 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
that the contract can happen and there is the possibility to differentiate and sell, then we going 
to put this money there and see that we build these building blocks and the prototypes, demo 
units so that we can address the market requirement with a very high confidence of winning and 
also to be — ensure that we build this as generic as possible, so I can re-use the investment 
across many programs and products. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir, that’s helpful. And this number lastly — it is from the equity side, right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
It’s all equity. 
Mihir Manohar: 
It’s all equity. That’s all. That’s all. Thank you for taking the questions. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kaushal Kedia from Walford Capital. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Hello, yes, hi. Are these margins sustainable? 
S. Rangarajan: 
If you do more in India, the margins will be sustainable. If you buy and integrate, margins won’t 
be sustainable. So, our way of looking to try and build more in India. So, our material cost 
becomes lower. We’re not buying and integrating. But when you go to large system, sometimes 
what happens, you need to buy and integrate because we can’t do — we don’t make trucks. 
So when this kind of integrated solution comes, naturally what happens, the margins become 
different, but largely, we are focusing today on electronic systems, which is designed and 
developed by us. So the margins therefore are higher. But going forward, if this becomes — it 
depends on the project really. If we compete and there is a project requirement, then you need 
to buy and integrate from others, obviously the margins on a contract value come down, though 
the margins on my own systems will be equivalent to what we have talked about today. But then, 
we have to look at, if the market requires integrated solution, not small boxes and that is where 
I have to scale and they’ve no ecosystem in India where I can build a small boxes to a larger 
company who does this. 
So we need to access markets and build the systems ourselves rather than try to import and 
integrate. So overall. I think, if we scale business largely, bottom line will keep going. 
Sometimes in some programs, the exact margin may not be the same what we do, but bottom 
line will still substantially grow and the market size growth will compensate for all of that, is 
what our belief is. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
No, sir, but current order book that you have of around INR 800 crores, this order book, how 
much of it will you import and integrate, and how much of it will you. 
S. Rangarajan: 
All made in India, but some of the contracts we have taken in radars also include building, also 
include brought outs like you know, generators, UPS, some of these things are there because it 
is some of these things are there, because it’s an integrated product, some we have to buy and 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
integrate. So in those contracts, the margins may be lesser on a sale value, right. But the most of 
the contract other than that kind of contract is all designed by us. 
So here the margins are retained, so it’s a mix of this and that, but there is — what we are doing 
today in terms of only electronics, we expect to sustain margins, we have to see how it goes 
along. We believe to sustain margins, the main thing is to try and design more in India, which is 
why our future strategic growth, we’re trying to say, retain margins and grow. That’s why we’re 
looking, the path we are taking is very different to others. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
So margin here, we mean the gross margin and EBITDA margin will remain at a guided level 
of around 40%. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Again, it depends on the ratio of progress we do. But I think we — largely, this year we will do 
that, next year we should do that. Let’s see how it goes further. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
But EBITDA margin is — you are comfortable at 40% here. You can see comfort coming in? 
S. Rangarajan: 
changes and product mix changes, we should be able to do it. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
And this INR 880 crores of order book that you have currently, by when — what is the timeline 
for the execution of this? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Mostly nearly 95% of it should be executed in the next two years. Some equipment is there 
which is going into three years and four years, but the value proposition is less than 10% of the 
total contract value. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Invest Research. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Just one more question from quarter four side, basically. The quarter four financial 
year ’23, historically, sir, your quarter four is basically more than 50% if we take the sum total 
of Q1, Q2 and Q3. So my question is, what shall prevent you from achieving that trend this time, 
sir? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I didn’t understand. What are you saying? Quarter four 50% I didn’t understand. What did you 
say? 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
I would think quarter four is basically seasonally good quarter for you historically. So kind of 
more than 50% in terms of revenue. If you take the cumulative total of Q1, Q2 and Q3. So my 
question is basically what shall prevent you from achieving that trend this time, sir? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
So, it’s not a question of prevention. We have also given guidance of — for our yearly guidance, 
we have provided. What I can tell you is, instead of getting to specific numbers, I can say that 
we will exceed guidance fairly well this time, considering the first three quarters have been 
robust. On the year end, I think we should exceed our guidance, whatever we’ve given last time, 
I think we’ll exceed guidance this time. So this is as per our budgets internally calculated, so 
we’ll — I think we’ll outperform whatever we have told in the market earlier. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
You have told for 40% that you have already achieved, I think. So that’s why I was wondering. 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, I didn’t understand that. What was that? 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
I was saying, you have already achieved your 40% guidance in terms of revenue growth as far 
as I remember  That is what I’m saying, so we’ll exceed guidance now, that’s we are saying. 
Full year revenue guidance is more than what we’ve done already. So we’ve given a revenue 
guidance of 25%, 30% on a year-on-year turnover revenue. I think we’ll exceed that guidance 
considering the productions we’re doing now and what is planned for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Prabir from Ratnabali. 
Prabir: 
Yes. Sir, thank you for providing me this opportunity. I have couple of questions. First is, if I 
see your quarter-on-quarter performance for the last couple of quarters, you are growing very 
significantly in terms of top line. My question is like in your presentation, you have mentioned 
around INR 40,000 odd crores of opportunity by 2030, so in that opportunity, what is your 
expectation that you will be able to get in terms of order inflow? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I’m not very clear with the question. You are saying, we have significantly grown top line in the 
last quarter-to-quarter. But the question is how do you understand? 
Prabir: 
Actually my question is, sir, you have mentioned in your presentation that total addressable 
market is around $4.65 billion, so, in — by 2030, so how much are you expecting out of that 
total addressable market? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, what happens is, the market size is very, very large. We are addressing market through 
DRDO, a little bit through MOD now. Just started — MOD tenders have just started coming in 
line, and we are trying to address the market. So we need to have products to address and increase 
the TAM, which is why we are saying take in investments and build strategic products for future.  
So the increase this 2030, which you’re talking about, taking a slightly medium and long term 
view, we want to put infrastructure and product development to address that market. That is 
exactly what we’re doing, in areas where we have a substantial investment in competencies. So 
that is what we are trying to do on strategic markets and increase the size. But it’s very difficult 
to give a particular number. INR 2000 crores or INR 3000 crores or INR 5000 crores. 
The idea is to grow to that size of company in terms of annual revenue. So we need to address 
that revenue, how to build that revenue, how do I convert opportunities into orders. This is what 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
we are discussing internally and our investment model is towards building strategic products, 
which will allow us to convert these so-called opportunities into contracts. So, that’s what we’re 
working internally and a lot of work is going on in building these strategic products here. But 
numbers itself — it is slightly a bit too early for us to actually address numbers. 
But we will be growing in next two years, we have visibility. So it will take two years, visibility 
of 25%, 30% growth is possible. Beyond that, subcontract, we’re going to participate, it has to 
happen. But what we are going to do is, in the next two years to build a product base, which will 
help us scale substantially in the coming three to five years, we need to substantially scale the 
business. That’s what we want to do and we are trying to see how to do this. 
Prabir: 
Okay. Sir, another question I have like to integrate complete radar systems, one need to have a 
strong capability in digital as well as in microwave. So you are a strong digital player. So in 
terms of microwave capability where you are standing in comparison to your peers? Some of 
them, which has been — started doing activities in microwave since 1991. So where are you 
right now in terms of capability? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, we took an early decision that we have to build complete equipment. So initially, we were 
actually in testing with, we got another space, I’m talking 25, 30 years, we continue to build test 
equipment for them. We do analog and digital and power and simulation, very low level analog 
we’ve built products from there on. And we also built our own software capability. We built our 
own language called DP Basic way back in 1991. 
So we’ve built a very strong product company from last 30 years. So, we actually started 
involving ourselves with DRDO, we started doing platform oriented electronics from the space 
above air, ground, water — under water. And we looked at the opportunities and said, look, if 
microwave is not part of our system and mechanical engineering is not part of the system, we 
will not be able to build full systems. So we started our own microwave department way back 
in 2007, 2008, it’s now 14 years of work. 
We do world class micro wave systems in-house now, microwave fully we design in-house. Up 
to 40 gigahertz from 1 megahertz, we do everything. This can be continuous wave CW, this can 
be pulse, this can be narrow band, this can be wideband, this can be power, it can be anything. 
So we have a very large engineering competency model to build microwave. So we also build 
our own algorithms, our own domain algorithms, we do ASIC programing, VHDL. 
Everything in-house we design, so that’s the idea, we built up — very consciously built up this 
capability, so that today, we don’t have to build — buy and integrate, so we can do everything 
in-house. For example, in the digital domain, if you say the Z-ON-E, whatever your laptops and 
all coming, we build the processor boards ourselves, we don’t import the boards, we actually 
don’t import any hardware. All of them is doing in-house including microwave. So we build all 
of them in-house today. The idea is to try to build excellent competencies to build World-class 
products. That is what we’d like to do and we have invested quite a lot in building these 
capabilities. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Prabir: 
Okay. Sir, you already have been selected as a development partner for Dornier airborne radar 
and as you know that — as we know, like in LCA, also there are requirement of indigenous 
airborne radars in the market that is quite large for Sukhoi upgradation as well. So going forward, 
is there any scope for you in these domain as you already are one of the development partner for 
the airborne radars? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We would like to work on those programs. it is up to DRDO to select us. We have the full 
competency to build those products, which you mentioned. But we know customers to customer 
to select us. If he selects us, we will be really happy to build the products, we believe we can 
build world-class products in those areas. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, in 2016, ’17, ’19, our margins were 
anywhere from 16% to 20%, but last two, three years, we have been hitting 40% plus. So what 
could be the reason, why we make these kind of margins? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, our actual margins in terms of gross margin, they have always been 60%, 65%. But in the 
years, we mentioned, we had two companies, Industry Track in and Data Patterns and there was 
some intercompany turnover, which has got captured. So you see the margins are lower. Actual 
margins they have never been less than that all through years, in the last 30 years. Now these are 
integrated as single company and that is how it is. 
And second point, we need to look at is it just not gross margins. You have to see — the gross 
margins have been consistent all along, but it is not visible in two balance sheets, so you’ll not 
be able to break out. Now it’s integrated balance sheet, you’ll see gross margins are different. 
Second point is on the EBITDA itself. What we were actually doing product development all 
through years. And we were — the Company is run on cash margin. Margins are always there, 
but the margins were used to product development, which you’ll write off as revenue expenses.  
We are continuously writing it off as revenue expenses, because we developing products which 
were not costed to customer. While they were importing these products, we competed against 
imported systems. So when we developed the products, we absorbed the development cost and 
expected that it can be recovered over many such programs. So that we have been doing 
consciously for the last 20 years. So we write off everything as revenue expenses. 
So what happens is in turnover, as long as we break even revenue expenses is fine. That is how 
the business model was. And that is what you see today when the turnover goes up from INR 80 
crores –INR 90 crores to INR 100 crores to suddenly it comes to INR 400 crores – INR 500 
crores or INR 300 crores. There is no proportional increase in overheads in terms of manpower 
cost and infrastructure cost. It is not proportional. And the gross margin always has been there. 
So that is why you are seeing the EBITDA margin going up today. 
That is what you are seeing. If you take the comparison. You should look at it slightly differently 
because there was some inter-company building and all that which is not visible now. And so 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
going ahead, you know, the path is always been there. EBITDA will be going up today because 
revenue is going up substantially with respect to cost in terms of operation cost. So that is why 
EBITDA is going up. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, in terms of the top line, do we show only the value addition part that we do for customers or 
we also add raw material prices into that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
So whatever we buy, we add raw materials. This is gross margin SA, it is sale revenue less raw 
material cost. That is what I mean by gross margin here. EBITDA of course includes not only 
raw materials but also operating overhead expenses, manpower cost and other cost. You know 
that. So, of course it’s not just a value add, it’s not build, it’s a product we believe. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure and sir, you talk about going into new businesses, you are raising money for entering into 
— in building capacity for newer businesses. Will you able to maintain this kind of margins in 
that business also that your are planning? 
S. Rangarajan: 
It should be. We would like to have the same margins. But what happens is when you get that 
margin, the size of business is INR 2,000 crores, INR 3,000 crores, INR 1,000 crores each tender, 
that business is higher. They may also have integration issues, so we buy and integrate. But also 
we need to look at and it is going to be a competitive landscape, we will import and integrate 
and do this, so we need to look at imported — competitive landscape and then fight accordingly.  
What gives us the confidence is that we do this in India, I have flexible costs — they’re not 
flexible costs, as I said, the selling price can be flexible based on competitive numbers because 
we work with raw material costs. So IP is generated locally that gives us a strong foothold to be 
competitive in the market. The size of market being large, I think we should do this earlier than 
later. It’s what we believe. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Abhishek Singhal from Naredi Investments. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much. Sir, my first question, as per current order book and 
considering expansion, so in how many months you will complete this order? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I couldn’t hear you. Your voice is breaking. I don’t — I’ll repeat the question. The current order 
par when will I finish the order, is that the question? 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Sir, as per current order book and considering expansion, so in how many months you will 
complete this order? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Which order?. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Sir, INR 888 crores order. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. I think most of them had been executed — about 90% of them has to be 
executed in the next two years. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay and sir, second question, how much amount is spent on R&D expense in Q3? And what is 
your strategy for R&D expense? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, as a normal practice, we develop products against contracts, and so we write it off with 
revenue expenses as the contract gets executed. So we don’t classify it separately as R&D and 
capitalize it. We’ve not done that till now. We do a lot of products, examine the the product. 
Sometimes people import it, but we build the product here. So we spend a lot more money in 
development of the product, but it will be written off as revenue expenses. We’re not capitalizing 
it at the present moment. 
Because these are against contracts we design or expecting contract we design and then get the 
contract, we expense it out as per contract. We don’t carry it in our balance sheet. It’s an 
additional asset. So I thought this is prudent. That’s why we’ve been doing it. So, but we will 
spend as we go along. That’s why we are trying to take some money and see how do we want to 
do this and this is in the face of the Board. We will take some very strategic positions today and 
steer the business substantively. So we need to scale to the opportunities at now. 
So we want to take our competency model and scale that business and position ourselves very 
differently in the next three to five years. That’s what we’d like to do, but yes, when that involves 
a fair amount of development. But we’ve been very, very cost effective in our development, 
because we build building blocks. So the reuse of the products across various platforms is 
possible, various even radars or various other — even across programs and verticals where we 
can use the same products. So that is how we design, so that we are consciously seeing that the 
money is well spent and the risks are reduced. So we’ll continue to do that and take aggressive 
positions in realizing big contracts. So we plan to do that. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Okay, thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
First of all congratulations for the management for an amazing set of numbers. My basic question 
is, since Data Patterns provides the subsystem data, subsystems and you will be moving forward 
to the entire system. And in your product suite, there is a — this is just an example, there’s a 
product called R5, it’s a receiver and exciter central unit and there are other competitors as well 
who produce the same exciter and receiver unit. So I want to understand what is the difference 
here. Is it your exciter unit functions for a different band of radars, which are used and how is it 
differentiated? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I missed you. In between, your voice is breaking. Are you saying that you have seen that we 
build exciter-receiver units and you also find that the same exciter-receiver units is also part of 
competitive landscape? So how are these differentiated? Is it in frequency bands or what is the 
difference? Is that your question? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Yes, yes. Correct. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay. See, radar, I'm going to take a little bit of technical question. Radar comes to the antenna, 
it can be directional or a phase-array antenna. Then the receiver exciter unit is the portion which 
can you know digitize or up convert, give me waveform. Then the up down converters are there, 
then the signal passing units are there. And then the mechanical system display and consoles and 
this is the software. What we put this, we say we in Data Patterns we build everything. 
We build the antenna, we design the antenna, we design the mechanicals, we design the 
waveforms, we design the down converters, we design the signal up converter for all bands. We 
talked about bands, RF bands from VHF, we have order for very large phased array radars 
installed in Cochin 7 years back, a full radar with 350 kilowatts of power is phased there where 
everything is designed by us including software, implementation everything. 
So we do end to end. Now if you say compared with competition, they may be doing exciter 
receiver, they may be doing a signal processor, but what happens is the combined capability 
what we have is at the present moment, we believe it is better than what is available with 
competition. Of course, this will change in the coming years. So what we are trying to do is build 
a domain and build a radar ourselves. For example, the precision approach radar, full 
development was done after the inquiry. 
So we decided this entire system was done and we were fortunate to get a contract for INR 300 
plus crores, which is under execution. Similarly, we would like to look at such contracts and see 
how do you want to build positions instead of tying up with somebody, can we build our own 
systems here? And with DRDO, we do a lot of radar subsystems. The exciter unit, as a 
subsystem, we have done for them. We also do the antenna as a subsystem for them. The signal 
processor is a subsystem for them. The power systems are a subsystem for them. But as a radar 
as a whole, almost all the subsystems are delivered. So we built the competency. Now we want 
to build the domain and the end system.  
Jatin Jadhav: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. That — hello. Am I audible? Yes. Just I had another question. It is — just 
can you give me your guidance for this year, any numbers, the margins and the revenue growth? 
S. Rangarajan: 
This year means FY ’23 or FY ’24? 
Jatin Jadhav: 
FY ’24. 
S. Rangarajan: 
We told you. We will do this 25%, 30% scaling. We can do coming year also. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
All right. And the margins will be sustained as you mentioned earlier, right? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Similar, similar, around 30, so 40% in the similar range. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
In the similar range? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
We should be able to do is what I think. We’ve not gone into FY ’24, as of now, we’re still trying 
to close FY ’23, the focus is here.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akash Bachhawat from NAL Securities. 
Akash Bachhawat: 
So. I just — firstly, congratulations on a great execution and I just have a few questions regarding 
your understanding of the business. We see our business is quite working capital intensive. And 
because of the nature of the business and the product, our inventories cannot be reduced, but if 
I see the prior years and all you had used a quite a few amount of debt and even in the last year 
you’ve used in the IPO funds to fund the working capital.  
So is this the enabling resolution also to fund the working capital requirements of the firm? And 
if yes, like our counterparties are generally the government entities and PSUs, why aren’t we 
using discounting mechanism or receivables? Like our receivables are high, we can get discount 
through banks and reduce our receivables. Why aren’t we employing that, so if you can answer 
that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
There are two things I'd like to explain. Working capital interest. Okay, that's a statement made. 
See, our company, the business model is slightly different from what everybody thinks that we 
are saying conversion cycle days is 300 days, 300 days may be right, but when you say working 
on an intensive, we take mostly non-fund limits from bank. So if you take our fund limit for 
example, at the present time, we probably have only used INR 2 crores to INR 3 crores out of 
INR 300 crores of non-fund. 
So our contracts also comes with advance, stage payment to part delivery, and the final payment 
based on installation acceptance. Now, so actually speaking, we can manage the working capital 
without lot of fund based. We can manage it out of advances which gets out of banks, so out of 
our customers. That is how we have been managing it. So that is how it is presently also. But 
yes, we need to bring the cash collection days and the inventory days, we need to bring that 
down.  
Inventory days is slightly going up because Today we want to bring it down this year, but we 
are not going up because of unavailability of components or not even visibility of when the 
components will come. So we gave a priority to say we need to execute contracts. And so we 
said we will buy ahead of time in store. 
So that is being done. And as you go along coming here, it will start going down because this 
practice is the last one year. Now slowly the inventory position, available position is more 
predictable. So we will probably not follow that. As you go along once you get a bit more 
comfortable on getting components and you need them that is one. Point number two is the 
debtor days. So here what happening is yes we can do discounting but we do not necessarily do 
discounting because we are getting collections, we are cash positive. 
Problem here happens is in some of the development contracts the acceptance test though it is 
done as per contract in our office. When they integrate the system, they take a lot of time to do 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
system integration as a radar, as electronic warfare, as flight test. And they typically tend to keep 
the money with them for a long time without clearing it. That is why the debt-to-debt becomes 
higher. But we don't have any bad debts. We get zero bad debts in all these years. We never had 
a bad debt.  
Akash Bachhawat: 
Sir exactly, exactly, because your counterparties are so good, government entities and PSUs. So 
you can’t... 
S. Rangarajan: 
The product has to work, otherwise there’s problem with product. The products work. and this 
is maintained for last 20 years of operation without a problem. So we don't generally have a 
problem and as we go along we need to bring it. The more production orders start coming in, 
the lesser the tender cycles is going to be. So that needs to happen, but now we know we need 
learnt properly. Once we learn it, we know how to play the game. So, but we are comfortable 
now. 
It will be brought down, working capital days will be brought down as we go along. I don't have 
an issue on funding this at the present moment. We don't expect funding problems as we go 
along. And whatever we are raising fund is going to be only for little bit portion goes to working 
capital. It is more to build strategic products for growth, not to address purely working capital. 
It may be a capex, it may be some test equipment, some infra. Because these are necessary to 
scale growth. The growth is happening in the next five years. This is the time when we have to 
have products to position ourselves rather than react to inquiries. 
We can't react to inquiries any longer. Those days are gone. The timelines we had to react to 
inquiries those days do not exist now. Government is now saying, "I want emergency 
procurement. They'll buy and you'll deliver in 12 months. They want demonstration in 15 days." 
We can't do this unless we have a product portfolio which can position ourselves. Otherwise we 
lose the business. We found that the last 3 to 4 months time, a flurry of emergency procurement 
has happened. All products which we could have given some time, demonstrated, but since the 
lack of time we could not even participate. 
We are saying no, this is not good enough. We need to say address markets as it evolves and this 
is not a one-off case. It is going to be the order of the day. And it is all number of them going to 
come to make too where we need to actually position the products and see that demonstration. 
If we do this early, we become early birds. Then the contracts happened earlier. So looking at 
how the market has completely metamorphized and changed, we said, we told the board that we 
need to take some urgent action and see that we position ourselves. 
And we need to scale the business to many thousand crores a year. If you want to do that, we 
need to position ourselves differently and the opportunities are there. And we have the strength 
and the capability built over many years. We want to back down our capabilities and go to 
market. This is what we want to do. The fund is exactly not for, we don't have a working capital 
issue, we are a debt free company now.  

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Akash Bachhawat: 
Just my question in it, sir will you be in a way, will be picking up funds in tranches or have to 
go at INR 500 crores? 
S. Rangarajan: 
These are things which we need to work out, we’ll go to our bankers, will get the lawyers, discuss 
internally. It’s a bit too early to answer the question, but we will do this in a few weeks top. 
Akash Bachhawat: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And the second question, sir. My second question is regarding if I see 
historically your Q4 has been 52% to 55% of your revenues, so is the Q3 execution a 
reclassification of better execution, so therefore Q4 will be lesser percentage of revenue as a 
whole year or your Q4 will still remain 52% to 55% of your revenues? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, all of us would like to — our business today we are seeing 55%, 60%. Three years, four 
years back, it was 90%, 85% in Q4. So ours is a year end business all along. Now, we’re able to 
taper that year end to quarterly sale, which is what the market wants, it’s what you want and we 
want — like to do this because capital becomes good. And then, so we all want to do that, with 
the luxury of an order book and more production orders, they are able to then position ourselves 
properly and utilize infrastructure on a normalized basis, which is what all of us would like to 
do, we are going towards that. 
But having said that, our guidance is what we get, we will exceed our guidance on the overall 
revenue this year. Since we have done well in the last first three quarters, we expect that the 
beginning of the year, we give a guidance of 25% 30% growth, I think on revenue. I think we 
will much exceed the guidance given. I don’t want to get into exact specifics, but we will exceed 
guidance as we always do that. 
Akash Bachhawat: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand over the call to the 
management team for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Yes, see what I want to tell is this — that our internal estimates, we are exceeding on execution 
today. We have recruited — scaled our company from 700, 800 people to now more than 1,000 
odd people. We also expect to get 100 more people in the coming two, three months. We will 
be building more competency top to down every area of organizations to build up a people base 
and employee capability, to address markets, is happening. So that is going to be a key internal 
decision taken. So we’ll build capability, substantive capabilities as we go along. 
Second key decision we’ve taken is to build infrastructure to address growth opportunity, which 
is happening. Everybody knows that Indian market is opening up the defense for Indian vendors 
today. It is a substantive opportunity, it is not a small opportunity, a substantive opportunity. 
The problem here is that since we never built full products in India, it has always been 
government-driven all through, it has taken a number of — it’s going to be difficult for suddenly 
somebody to come out into industry and say “Hey, I have product here. I’ll then — whatever 
anyway wants, I’ll give the product.” It doesn’t happen like this. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
So it takes lot of time to build the product, validate it, take in to market, especially in the defense 
scenario, especially because it’s a multi-disciplinary product. So what people are doing is tying 
up with partners, making work share arrangement and offering the product to the market to the 
MOD. And now that the last five, six years opened this and gradually making it more and more 
tougher to direct imports. So this is happening, more Make 1, Make 2s are coming in, they allow 
you and development to happen during contract. 
So that the direction is very clear. Government is very, very clear that this is not going to — this 
is not business as usual, import and integrate. They have to do this in India and build an industry. 
Having said so much on this, I think based on the capability, we’ve built, we’re going to back 
ourselves up and address these opportunities and build an equipment supplier in India. This is 
not what is the case today.  
So we want to differentiate ourselves, build the competencies, build products, address market 
and go for substantive scale. This is what I’d like to do. This is a game which I want to play. I 
hope it works out, but we are on the right track. The direction is very clear. We have a board, 
which fully supports us. And so we’re going to give it our best move. So, thank you, thank you 
for calling and listening in. Thank you very much. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you, very much. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
