tit SAGAR CEMENTS LIMITED
Ref:SCL:SEC:2022-23 
21st February 2023 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SAGCEM 
Series: EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 502090 
Sub: Submission of transcription of Conference Call under Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to the above said Regulation, we are forwarding herewith the transcription 
of the Conference Call held by us with analysts on 17th February 2023 in respect of 
update on our ongoing acquisition of Andhra Cements Limited, a Corporate Debtor, 
through a "Resolution Plan". 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For Sagar Cements Limited 
oundararajan 
Company Secretary 
Encl. 
Registered Office : Plot No. 111, Road No. I 0,Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033,Telangana, India. 
Phone : +91-40-23351571, 23356572 Fax : +91-40-23356573 E-mail : info@sagarcements.in Website : www.sagarcements.in 
CIN : L26942TG 1981 PLC002887 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H2ZY 
Factories : Mattampally, Via Huzurnagar, Suryapet-District,Telangana - 508204. Phone : 08683 - 247039 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H I ZZ 
Bayyavaram Village, Kasimkota Mandal, Visakhapatnam District, Andhra Pradesh - 531031. Phone : 08924-244550 Fax: 08924-244570 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 
Gudipadu Village and Post, Yadiki Mandal, Ananthapur District, Andhra Pradesh - 515408. Phone: 08558-200272 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Gavin Desa - CDR India 
Sreekanth Reddy - Joint Managing Director 
K. Prasad - Chief Financial Officer 
Rajesh Singh - Chief Marketing Officer 
R. Soundararajan - Company Secretary 
 
ANALYSTS: 
Mangesh Bhadang 
Manish Valecha 
Ramesh Behera 
Sumangal Nevatia 
Parth Bhavsar 
Nishant Bagrecha 
Sanjay Nandi 
Amit Srivastava 
Naveen Sahadeo 
Sushil Agarwal 
Abhisar Jain 
Vaibhav Kapur 
Vishal Periwal 
Ritesh 
 
Presentation 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sagar Cements Call 
to discuss the acquisition, on the recent acquisition announcement on 
Andhra Cements Limited. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
On this call we have Mr. Sreekanth Reddy, Joint Managing Director; 
Mr. K. Prasad, the Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajesh Singh, Chief 
Marketing Officer; and Mr. R. Soundararajan, Company Secretary. 
We will begin this call with a brief opening remarks from Mr. 
Sreekanth Reddy, following which you will have a session open for an 
interactive Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature, and a 
note to that effect was stated in the concall invite sent to you earlier. 
 
I'd now like to hand over to Mr. Reddy for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, Sreekanth. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good morning everyone. We are happy to inform 
that the National Company Law Tribunal, NCLT has approved the 
resolution plan submitted by us for acquisition of Andhra Cements 
Limited on 16th February 2023. This acquisition is aligned with our 
strategy of consolidating our presence in established markets to better 
service our customers in a cost-efficient and a timely manner. 
Furthermore, the acquisition will also help us meet our objective of 
reaching 10-million-ton capacity by 2025. We believe the acquisition 
cost of $56 per ton, including the upgradation is competitive and will 
help us create value for all our stakeholders in the coming years. 
 
We propose to spend ₹762 crores for acquisition, restart CapEx of ₹85 
crores and an additional ₹75 crores as working capital and other costs. 
Barring unforeseen circumstances, we expect to start commercial 
operations by end of Q1 FY '24. Further, our Board has approved an 
additional capital outlay of ₹468 crores for enhancement of the clinker 
capacity to 2.3 million ton from existing 1.65 million ton and the 
cement capacity to 3 million ton from 1.8 million ton at Durga Cement 
Works of Andhra Cements Limited. 
 
We are hopeful that the enhanced capacities will be commissioned 
during the second half of FY '25. We are contemplating discontinuing 
the operations of the Vizag Cement Works of Andhra Cements due to 
the constraints resulting from the plants proximity to the Vizag City. 
Our efforts are now directed towards operating these assets at optimal 
level to enable us to serve our customers better and create value for all 
our stakeholders. 
 
This concludes my opening remarks. We'd now be glad to take any 
questions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Sreekanth. We will take the first question from Mangesh 
Bhadang, please go ahead. 
 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Hi, good morning sir. And congratulations on closing the deal. Sir, my 
question is just if you can give more details on this acquisition cost of 
₹768 crores in terms of how much was the haircut that was taken on 
the debt? And how does -- you mentioned that we would continue to -- 
Andhra Cement would continue to remain listed with 95% stake being 
with Sagar Cements? So if you can explain the equity as well as the 
debt component of it? 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, good morning, Mangesh. As mentioned, it is ₹762 crores is the 
acquisition cost. Yeah, this not only includes the purchase of the debt, 
but also includes the CIRP cost and the settlement cost for the other 
liabilities. The debt liability has been acquired, the total debt is at 
₹1,316 crores, that has been settled for ₹725 crores, the balance 
between ₹725 crores to ₹762 crores, is the CIRP cost, the legal cost 
and the other liability settlement cost.  
 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
All right. Second one on the equity, sir. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the equity -- what Sagar Cements Board has decided to do is to 
keep Andhra Cements listed, so that we are aligned with taking care of 
the minority shareholders' interest. Yeah, the entire existing promoter 
equity would be extinguished. The current public shareholders holding 
would get reduced to 5%. What it translates is from the current paid 
up capital of ₹293.52 crores would get reduced to ₹91.59 crores. 
 
So what it translates is the public equity holders from 9,15,94,086 
shares yeah, from 9,15,94,086 shares, they would get reduced to 
45,79,704 shares. The paid-up capital from ₹293.52 crores as I 
mentioned, would get reduced to ₹91.59 crores, of this 95% would 
translate to 8,70,14,382 shares would be owned by Sagar, and 
45,79,704 shares would be given to the existing shareholders, which 
would translate to 5%. 
 
All in all, let me also explain for people who would own more than 
100 shares would get five shares. For people who would own 20 and 
below, they would actually get one share each. I would again repeat, 
for every person who would own 100 shares and above, for each 100 
shares they would get five shares, and for people who would own 20 
shares and below, yeah, they would get one share. So a person who 
would own 20 shares also would own one share, a person who owns 
one share will also continue to own that one single share. Yeah, this is 
as per the plan.   
 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay sir. Okay. And sir, any covenants to this deal or any liability for 
operational creditors that would be pending after this? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, as per the plan, the current liabilities for the operational creditors 
have been adjusted at 5% to their overall kind of outstanding liabilities 
they have, they have been adjusted for 5%, sir. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay. And sir, last question on the Vishakapatnam grinding unit. So 
you mentioned that you may discontinue the operations there. So you 
would be selling the land there to basically cover some of the costs? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, at this point of time, as I mentioned, the Vizag, asset of Andhra 
Cement has become part of the city. So there is a restriction in terms 
of both inward and outward movement of heavy trucks. They are 
restricted between only night 9 and morning 6. I'm sure you are aware 
that it may not be a feasible option for us to run a cement plant with 
that kind of restriction. 
 
Secondly, the asset is reasonably old. These are with ball mills. So you 
know the slag mill, Vizag is more a slag market. So running slag 
cement with ball mills, we believe that it's not a feasible option. And 
having a reasonably modern and a big asset in the close proximity, we 
thought we will make use of the existing asset of Bayyavaram of 
Sagar Cements for managing the additional incremental volumes that 
we need to get this from Andhra. So this is that. 
 
At this point of time, the land monetization and all those issues, we 
would probably come back in some time. But at this point of time, the 
decision has been made to shut the operations. On a medium-term, for 
sure, we would like to monetize the real estate what exists in that 
particular location, Mangesh. 
 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
And could we able to use the plants there? Or you said because it is 
old ball mill, or it may not? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
These are ball mill, though it's a very good quality asset, but these are 
ball mills. So they are not as efficient as the new vertical mills. So the 
idea is not to make use of that. Though we might still cannibalize 
some of the equipment, wherever it is required for some portion of it. 
But as such, that asset probably we may not put to use. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Manish Valecha. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir, my question is, firstly, on the limestone availability at the parent 
plant. So what kind of reserves are we looking here? And is there an 
opportunity to add another line or you obviously you are extending 
this clinker line. So what is the growth opportunity there? And second 
question is actually relating to Vizag, what is the current land value 
that you would be having as you have mentioned in the presentation, 
it's about 107 acres of land in Vizag city?  
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, the limestone resources that are available in the Dachepalli unit 
of Andhra Cement is around 199 million ton of a very good quality. 
The growth for expansion definitely is available because we could 
double up for a full-year deposit life, we could comfortably double it 
up. That probably addresses the first question that you have had. 
 
The next part is the land value at Vizag. As you rightly mentioned and 
which we have made part of the presentation is there is 107 acres of 
land at Vizag. That land, the government value -- because the 
government value itself is at ₹4 crores per acre, I'm translating 
because it's an industrial land. So this industrial land, the government 
rate is given as per the square yard, so it's roughly translating to 
around ₹4 crores per acre. It's part of the city. So there is a lot of 
apartments and everything all around. The ongoing market rate looks 
to be much, much higher. 
 
We are yet to do that exercise, but we would be very happy to revert 
as and when we come to some understanding about this particular 
thing of converting this into multi-use or whatever, what could be the 
potential value. But as such, the government rate is roughly ₹4 crores 
per acre. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ramesh Behera. 
 
Ramesh Behera: 
Sir, it's really an honor and am grateful that probably we are similar to 
the likes of Tatas, wherein we like to protect minor shareholders. I 
heard like, still they have protected minor shareholders and now Sagar 
Cement protecting the minor shareholder of Andhra Cement. That's 
really appreciate and grateful to you. So my question here is sir, like 
when can we expect the Andhra Cement will be start trading and with 
the new shareholding pattern? And what exactly would be the total 
debt for the -- consolidated debt for the Sagar Cement after this 
acquisition? And what exactly the roadmap to decrease this? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, thank you, Mr. Ramesh. As mentioned, we are taking care of 
the minority shareholders interest in Andhra. 
 
Ramesh Behera: 
I'm really grateful sir, to be honest, like probably many people are 
many across India, retailers invested in Sagar and Andhra Cement, 
and they're really thankful from the bottom of heart that you are 
protected their interest and their family, maybe their savings. And 
we're really grateful that we are associated to you sir. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Ramesh, we did present the overall consolidated debt that 
includes even Andhra Cement acquisition in our investor presentation. 
But just for the comfort, the gross debt inclusive of the acquisition and 
everything would be at ₹1,644 crores. Yeah, the net debt would 
remain much, much lower. Yeah, we also indicated the principal as 
well as the interest payouts spread over next five to six years at a 
consol level. Yeah, the net debt would be somewhere around ₹1,432 
crores. 
 
We believe over the next four to five years, we probably should 
remain in cash by FY '28. This is without considering any of the 
monetization or a potential kind of dilution, which we have to do, 
which is mandated from a regulation perspective. Yeah, from the 
current 95% shareholding, within 12 months, we need to reduce it to 
90%. And within 36 months, we need to reduce it to 75%. So 
historically, we have never encashed on our stakeholding. Yeah, we 
believe that all these resources will be put to use to ensure that the 
stakeholders would get maximum value. So these are the Andhra 
scenarios. 
 
Ramesh Behera: 
Sreekanth sir, adding to these questions, like when we can expect the 
new company, it will be the same ISIN number or it's a --? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. I think Mr. Ramesh, the current work -- it's a work in progress. 
So we believe it should take 90 to 100 days for us to fulfill all the 
requirements as far as the regulatory requirement is concerned. It's not 
only with SEBI. Yeah, we need to fulfil quite a few steps. Internally, 
from what has been discussed and what we have understood, it should 
take anywhere between 90 to 120 days, Mr. Ramesh. 
 
Ramesh Behera: 
Once again congratulations sir for this achievement. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia.  
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, just one clarification for this Vizag land, is it our endeavor to 
monetize it? Or any -- I mean, joint development or some other -- 
something which we can explore, number one? And what is the rough 
timeline we're looking at? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. as indicated, the whole idea is to monetize. We are not into the 
real estate. So at this point of time, we'd start evaluating all the 
options. Our intention is to monetize. The work that we need to do, we 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
roughly have estimated, but it's not in its complete shape. From 
whatever little work that we have done in that regard, yeah, it should 
take anywhere between 18 to 24 months is what our team has 
indicated. We'd do whatever it takes to get the maximum value out of 
it.  
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, the next question is from Mr. Deshpande.  
 
Mr. Deshpande: 
Sir, it would be helpful if a presentation could be made on NSE and 
BSE mentioning the broad numbers of the deal. Since this is material 
information of working about the reduction in number of shares for 
public shareholders of Andhra Cement can be uploaded on the BSE, 
NSE, and that would help in price discovery post acquisition. Andhra 
Cement is currently listed in IRP one in BSE are scheduled to take this 
out of IRP one group. That would help us well. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. Noted the observation, sir. At this point of time, it's work in 
progress. So we would be extremely happy to come back and upload 
the stakeholders of both Sagar as well as Andhra Cement, about the 
overall kind of shareholding pattern and the specifics of those would 
be uploaded. But I did address in the earlier query about what we have 
given in the resolution plan. I would be extremely happy to repeat just 
for the benefit of it. From the current ₹293.52 crores of paid-up 
capital, which has roughly 69% promoters holding would be a null. So 
the balance, the public shareholding, which is close to 9,15,94,086 
shares would be compressed to 5%, So the public shareholding from 
9,15,94,086 would get reduced to 45,79,704, which would constitute 
5% of the adjusted paid up capital. The balance would be owned by 
Sagar Cements. So Sagar Cements is infusing ₹322.2 crores of equity 
with ₹10 plus ₹27 as premium. Every 100 shares and above 
shareholders would be getting five shares, for every 100 shares that 
public shareholders would own, it would be -- they would be given 
five shares. Any person with 20 shares and below, he would get one 
share, sir. 
 
So this is what, I did make the presentation. We would wait for some 
more clarity before we would upload and we would be very happy 
uploading this also onto the both exchanges that is NSE and BSE. We 
would be happy doing it.  
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. The next question from Parth Bhavsar.  
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir, firstly, I wanted to know that this Durga Cement Works, 
Dachepalli plant, it has limestone reserves of 188 million tons, you 
said, right? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
198 sir. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
198. Okay, 198. And sir, we've already announced this CapEx at the 
plant? And what is the brownfield optionality like over and above this 
that we've announced? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir I did mention that we could comfortably double for a minimum 
50-year deposit life, Mr. Parth. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. So you can double the capacity from 3 million ton, right? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, from 3 million to 6 million, from 3 million, you can 
comfortably go for 6 million, for a minimum 50-year kind of a deposit 
life. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. And sir, once we start operations at this unit by maybe Q1, Q2 
FY '24. So what kind of profitability are we looking from this unit and 
at what utilization will it operate? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, at this point of time, it would be a challenge for me to go into 
very specifics of this, because it's work in progress. We think that it 
should get aligned with the other operating units in the region, which 
are in the range of around 55% to 60%. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Utilization? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes sir. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Perfect. And then sir, like just to -- so this would be over a period of 
time or like starting from Q1 itself? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, Mr. Parth I think middle of Q1 is what we are expected to go 
live. So we are getting into this half season in terms of Q2. But I'm 
sure as and when the season would come, I think we should get 
aligned with it. We're going to have Sagar brand itself, so we should 
not take big time is what we think for the ramp-up Mr. Parth. 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Right. And any plans just to put up any WHRS? 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, sir. I think it's something which we definitely would want to do 
it, but we would want to first get the plant operational before we start 
optimizing on those waste heat recovery, the associated things. 
 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thanks, Parth. The next question we take is from Nishant Bagrecha.  
 
Nishant Bagrecha: 
Sir, one question like about -- so post this acquisition now, you will 
surpass the objective of reaching 10 million ton capacity by FY '25. So 
now you'll be 11 million ton capacity company. So again, sir your 
objective is to double the capacity every 10 years. So any change in 
the timeline of post this acquisition now you've got the approval from 
the NCLT also. So any change in the timeline, for doubling the 
capacity or your focus will remain on to de-lever the balance sheet? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think, every 10 years, we double. I think that would not change. 
Would it happen in 2035? Would it happen in 2033 or '35 is a 
question? But I think the stated objective is to double every 10 years. I 
think that's what we are focused on, and we will continue to focus on 
that. The deleveraging issue, let me assure you, if you look at debt for 
every million, I think we are around close to ₹125 crores to ₹150 
crores. I don't think we'd be crossing that number at any given point of 
time. So growth as well as the leverage sticking to as balance kind of a 
leverage is something which you always remain and we would remain 
focused on those aspects. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Nishant. The next question we take is from Sanjay Nandi.  
 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir, can you please clarify on the price difference between Sagar and 
Andhra Cement, like at what price they used to sell. And once we 
change our brand from Andhra to Sagar, what could be the 
incremental price difference you can get from listing sir? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Let us not get into the part, because Andhra Cement had always 
multiple brands over a period of time. So initially, they were Durga 
brand, then it became Duncan, then it became Jaypee. And for last 
more than 3.5 years, we have not seen the Jaypee brand coming out of 
this particular asset. So there is no point in discussing the potential 
kind of a listing. Whatever cement that would come out of Andhra, 
would be sold as Sagar Cements, which would be aligned with the 
current brand positions and the markets that we have always dealt 
with. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, we take the next question from Manish Valecha.  

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Sir on the debt side, sir, how do we see the debt going forward? And 
also the high cost debt, what is the plan for that going forward, sir? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, I think the high cost debt, which was taken for the transaction 
would get closed before the end of this current financial year. So it 
would be rolled over into the term debt at Andhra Cement level. So 
that's a straightforward roll over. 
 
And we did indicate in terms of over next five years, how the debt 
movement is happening on a quarter-to-quarter, it is presented part of 
the analyst presentation that we have done for the acquisition -- 
specific to this acquisition, we have made a presentation to the 
exchange as well as we did share. So we did indicate the reduction of 
the pattern of the debt. 
 
Let me again update. With the acquisition, the gross debt would be 
hitting around ₹1,644 crores. This includes working capital of ₹272 
crores and a term loan of ₹1,372 crores. From next year onwards, we 
believe that it should start slowly sliding down because we do have 
some moratorium for some of the debts that we have taken in the past. 
So if you look at the net debt movement, the current net debt is at 
around ₹1,432 crores. Yes, we do believe that it would strongly come 
down over the next two to three years to become net cash by FY '28. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, the next question is from Amit Srivastava.  
 
Amit Srivastava: 
Sir, my question is related to the plant operation basically. So as we 
have guided that we will operate at a 55% or 50% kind of utilization 
and what we understand that a plant is closed or shut down right now. 
So basically, the markets are same and now we are converting into a 
brand of Sagar only. So how easy or tough it would be to ramp it up to 
1 million ton incremental sales, because we already have that much of 
capacity to ramp it up in the past. But this is how we are strategy-wise, 
how we are looking at? 
 
Second, we have a good track record of turning around the assets. So 
what are the levers we have in this asset to make it efficiency wise? 
And what is your sense once it will be upgraded the plants efficiency 
versus our existing plant, how it will be on operational side? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Amit. So the first question is pertaining to the ramp-up. 
Yes, we are not expecting any challenge as far as the market is 
concerned for the Andhra, because Sagar as a brand did hit Sagar plus 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
potential kind of Andhra volumes historically in the past. So these are 
not something which is new to us. So we did sell Sagar plus Andhra to 
kind of potential volumes a couple of times even in the past few years. 
So we don't see that as a big, big challenge for us in terms of the ramp-
up. 
 
Fortunately, we could not have better time the acquisition than now 
because the next couple of years, it is likely that the demand in the 
regions that we are servicing or could potentially service are likely to 
grow at a much faster pace than what it has grown in the past. Given 
that scenario, we are not seeing any of the challenges trying to put 
these incremental kind of volumes that are likely to happen from 
Andhra as Sagar brand into those markets, we are not expecting any 
major issues. 
 
And practically and pragmatically, what we have also done is we are 
not hoping to have 100% capacity utilization. Yeah, we would be 
happy to do that. But our internal estimation is to -- is that there could 
be an average capacity utilization of anywhere between 55% to 60%. 
So the overall acquisition -- the overall financial planning, the 
financial model is basis that the market would offer 55% to 60% 
average capacity utilization what has been planned. And knowing the 
realization potential itself, it is planned. So at a $56 acquisition plus 
upgrade, we strongly believe that this asset would significantly 
contribute to its stakeholders, Amit. So that part is given. 
 
Now the question is the asset was stopped very well. And I would like 
to assure you that asset is of a very, very good quality. But the 
preheater is slightly of an older generation. It is a four-stage preheater 
with a separate line, five-stage Calciner line. Part of our plan is to 
make it into a double string six-stage preheater for the upgrade. When 
we conclude the upgradation, it will be one among the best assets in 
the market, leave alone with the current assets that we have, because 
we are going to adopt the newer technology coming from the best of 
the technology providers. So we are opting for it. A six-stage twin 
string in-line Calciner preheater that itself should significantly make it 
that much more efficient. 
 
Coming to the raw mill and the cement mills, yeah, these are new 
generation ones, which are already there. So some amount of 
optimization is what we need to do. And we do plan for a wastage 
recovery and also the alternate fuel firing up in due course of time. 
Given these issues, we strongly think over next 18 months to 24 
months as the asset would be upgraded, it should get aligned with the 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
best in the business. And that should also help us save on the cost. 
And we on the ESG front, in line with whatever we have disclosed in 
the past. So the overall alignment, we expect over two years' time to 
happen at Andhra with the current assets that we have. 
 
Amit Srivastava: 
And this plant sir, has Singareni coal mines linkages also? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think there is a very small linkage that was there much before 
the asset was closed down. So part of the NCLT resolution, we did 
request the court to give the direction, but the NCLT court at this point 
of time, said that we have to -- on those specific things, we need to go 
back to Singareni with the request to get it revived. But as it stands, it 
doesn't have the FSA, Amit. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
The next question is from Mr. Deshpande.  
 
Mr. Deshpande: 
Given the limestone reserves and land availability, what could be the 
peak capacity Andhra Cement can be expanded to? And at the peak 
capacity, what would be EBITDA per ton? And by when do you plan 
to expand Andhra Cements capacity to peak capacity? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
The objective is to first, on a short to medium term, the idea is to 
stabilize. The plant, as I mentioned earlier, we believe can be 
expanded as many times. But what is very important is how long you 
want to keep the deposit. Our internal philosophy is that we would 
always have a comfort of minimum 50 years deposit life is a minimum 
requirement for us internally. Even that scenario, we don't see a big 
challenge for it to double. That is from the current or the intended 3 
million, it could easily double to 6 million. So we would limit it to 
that, given the minimum deposit requirement that we internally have 
put for ourselves, so we could comfortably double. 
 
Yeah, now when we would double, yes, the current status that we've 
always followed in the Southern market is that we do not want to add 
any greenfield or brownfield at least for next three years, given the 
supply scenario. We are happy to acquire because that would not add 
any new additional volume pressure into the market. That's what we 
have done here. 
 
And as such, we are also planning to expand and upgrade the current 
capacity from 1.8 million at the current location to 3 million. I think 
that's what we would like to stick to for next at least three to four 
years' time before we're taking a call for the further expansion.  
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Mr. Deshpance: 
Thank you a quick one on the working capital infusion, we indicated 
about ₹75 crores, you don’t think that’s a bit less? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Sir, I think that is what has been estimated. As the ramp-up would 
happen, I think the requirement for working capital also is likely to go 
up. But it's a situation where it's very situational, that working capital 
would definitely be expanded as the requirement would arise. We 
would be very happy if the working capital requirement goes up, that 
means we are in a very, very good operating ramp-up, and we should 
not hesitate to increase the working capital. This has been estimated 
with the current ramp-up requirement. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
The next question is from Naveen Sahadeo.  
 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
Sir, my question was on the debt front. So just to reconfirm some of 
these numbers. As at the end of Q3, your net debt was about ₹1,078 
crores, which we are saying post this acquisition goes to more like 
₹1,432 crores. Is that correct? All-in, this net debt from ₹1,078 crores 
will go to ₹1,432 crores. Is that a correct understanding? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, I think your understanding is correct. 
 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
Correct. And then for next year, we are saying this goes down to, let's 
say, more like ₹1,273 crores. So I'm just trying to understand what net 
debt-to-EBITDA as a -- because we obviously will have FY '24 as the 
first full-year of Andhra volumes coming to us and also our own 
volume growth that we'll see at Sagar, the original company. So 
overall, what is the comfort net debt-to-EBITDA you have in mind is 
what my broader question was?   
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. we did state in the past, let me repeat once again. We would not 
cross more than 4x on a short-term, slightly short-term to medium-
term. We would not be very comfortable crossing that number to be 
net debt-to-EBITDA to be more than 4x. So, we believe that it should 
be less than 3.5x to 4x, we would not cross either way. So, we would 
limit ourselves to that extent. 
 
Naveen Sahadeo: 
Understood. That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the very best 
sir. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you sir. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, we take the next question from Sushil Agarwal 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Sushil Agarwal: 
Sir, one question, other producers like the Dalmia Cement and all, 
they are increasing their capacities very fast. So maybe we need to 
review this doubling the capacity in 10 years. Maybe we need to 
review this one? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. we would definitely be cautious. But the fact is that this is a 
large CapEx driven sector. We should -- we are very aware of our 
bandwidth in terms of financial as well as that. We generally don't 
want to leverage. At the same time, we do not want to compromise on 
the market position. 
 
The number that we have kept itself is very, very ambitious. So we do 
not want to follow somebody just because he's going aggressive, it 
doesn't mean that we have to. But we would definitely not let down 
the stakeholders whenever there is an opportunity without 
compromising the core aspects of not over-leveraging and not 
compromising on what we need to do to reach to that point in terms of 
efficiency, we would be more than happy doing it at a faster pace. 
 
Sushil Agarwal: 
So maybe we can start this next 10 years from now, meant like '23? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Noted, sir. I think every 10 years, when we mentioned, I think, yes, as 
I mentioned even in my earlier comment, instead of 2035, because 
earlier intent was to be at 10 million by '25, since we could save two 
years' time. I think same thing also could be applicable internally, we 
could definitely target. So the next immediate target is to look at 15 
million. So we would be very happy to revert back to you noting your 
comment, if we would be happy to come back to you when we would 
like to achieve 15 million. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Abhisar Jain.  
 
Abhisar Jain: 
 Sir, I just wanted to pick up on your comment about the land that we 
have at the Vizag unit, and which you said that you would like to 
maximize over the next 18 to 24 months and monetize it. Now sir, the 
cash flows that we may get from there could be substantial, okay? And 
I just wanted to understand that since we are already expanding 
Andhra from 1.8 to 3, and we are also ramping up our other capacities. 
So once you receive that cash, would you want to flow it back into the 
business for further expansions? Or would you balance out and look to 
deleverage first? Because I think for the next two years, we do have 
enough capacity in hand. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, as I'd mentioned, I think our leverage position is not bad. I'm 
sure some people would have had comments on the leverage position. 
I think we are fairly comfortable on the leverage side. Of course, once 
we monetize and we exactly know the contours of the likely receipt, 
two things we would want to do. One, we do have waste heat recovery 
plant in mind. And whatever would be the surplus amount, we would 
ideally like to reduce the intent burden. So these are -- this is the plan 
that we have in mind, but we would be extremely happy to come back 
to all the stakeholders at the right time as and when we get more 
specific details on to any of these issues. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay. Sir, so waste heat recovery plant at Andhra Cements you're 
saying, right? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Any ballpark, sir, would you have for this kind of 3 million capacity 
that you would want to set up? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. Typically, it is 35 kilowatt hour per each ton of things. We 
believe that it should be anywhere between 7.5 to 9 megawatt is a 
possibility for that 3 million. I think that's what is a possibility even in 
Andhra. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Yeah. But sir, again, that will be really a small investment in that 
sense. And the cash flow, I'm just coming from the point... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
It is close to ₹150 crore. So, we might want to look at some amount of 
optimization and all. So, we're very happy to revert as and when we 
know the contour of all the overall investment that is required. We 
would be extremely happy putting it to use once we know the exact 
numbers of the requirement and what would come in. 
 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure, and sir, just last thing. Now for the volume, volume expectation 
for FY '24, earlier in Q3 call, you had mentioned around, say, 5.5 
million from our existing asset, and you have indicated 50% 
utilization for Andhra now for FY '24. So can we assume right now 
6.5 million for the whole company that we'll target for next year? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I would not disagree with you on that number, Mr. Abhisar. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. The next question we have is from Vaibhav Kapur.  
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Vaibhav Kapur: 
Sir, congratulations. Sir, my question is with respect to the ramp-up. 
So what I understand is that out of the 2.6 million capacity of Andhra 
Cements currently, the 0.8 million is not going to be -- I mean, it's 
going to be scrapped. So the remaining is a 1.8 million, which just to 
the previous participant, you indicated that there would be a 50% 
capacity utilization in FY '24. So could you just give some clarity on 
the timelines and when this 1.8 million would become 2.6 million and 
then 3 million. If you could give some more clarity on that? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, let me clarify. Yeah, it's a 2.6 million with a 1.8 million at the 
Dachepalli Works and 0.8 million at Vizag. As you rightly pointed 
out, 0.8 million at Vizag would not be put to use. This 1.8 million, we 
strongly believe that should give a 1 million ton for the coming year, 
that is the coming financial year. So we don't see that as a challenge. 
 
And over the next 18 months to 24 months, we strongly believe that 
the upgrade plan, the existing location itself have a current 1.65 
million ton clinker capacity would be upgraded to 2.3 million and the 
current 1.8 million ton grinding will be upgraded to 3 million over the 
next 18 to 24 months. That is by FY '25, middle of FY '25. We are 
more than hopeful that these upgrade plants should be fully 
positioned. 
 
Vaibhav Kapur: 
Okay. So just -- so that I've got it correctly, what I understand is that 
in the next six months to a year, this 1.8 million ton, you will get 
approximately a 50% capacity like... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
For the next financial year as I mentioned for FY '24, we should 
produce a 1 million ton is what we have indicated, sir. And we would 
mean to stick to that. 
 
Vaibhav Kapur: 
And then in the next 24 months, you'll ramp it up to the total 3 
million? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Vaibhav. We have the next question, which is from Vishal 
Periwal.  
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, just a clarification on the land part. Is there any upside or any 
amount that are we supposed to share with the creditor whenever the 
transaction happens or the amount comes straightaway to us? 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, it's a clean transaction. There is nothing that we have to do with 
the outgoing financial trade asset on. It's unencumbered and a free title 
is what we have inherited. 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And just maybe like trying to be a little critical. But sir, I mean, 
if we just do working of like 100 odd acres that you have and the 
government rate that you mentioned. And then if you just do the 
working then probably the acquisition cost comes to like in pretty low 
rate. So the deals on the good side is lucrative. So is there anything 
that we are missing out here or that you like to highlight? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I don't know what you felt less in this. This is close to 2.6 million ton 
asset. Even with an upgrade, it is costing us $56 without monetizing 
any of the land sir.  
 
Vishal Periwal: 
No, so I mean, like a 100-odd acres and the rate that you mentioned, 
government rate of whatever you mentioned. And if you just do the 
working of it and like the acquisition cost of ₹700 crores plus and 
eventually, like we are getting this deal at around ₹300 crores or 
maybe like plus the mid of CapEx. So the deal is too good. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, no, Mr. Vishal, you should understand everything has its function 
of time with an assumption. Yeah, we took a call without having the 
land value into the system. I think that's what most of the industries 
would look at in. See the encashment opportunity is a function of 
time. Yeah, if it gets more, yeah, we all look like heroes. Yes, if it 
doesn't, then people would be critical. So I would -- we are industrial 
players. We are not into the real estate. Our interest is not on the land. 
It's incidental. So let us look these two issues very, very separately. 
 
Yes, we would be extremely happy for ourselves and all our 
stakeholders. It becomes true and we could encash more, the deal 
itself could become free. But at this point of time, the transaction is 
happening with almost close to ₹1,400 crores kind of a contour or a 3 
million ton, that includes the acquisition as well as the upgradation. 
We in this scenario, we never wanted to miss on that opportunity. 
That's the reason why those South region perceived to be slightly 
challenging. But at 50% to 60% capacity utilization with this kind of 
value without monetizing on the land, it look lucrative for us. 
 
Now why others did not see, why we too did not see the land value at 
all. So we specifically looked at what value this asset was coming 
purely as an industrial kind of a thing. Rest everything is only 
incidental, sir. Only time will tell how well we could turn it around 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
from a stakeholder's perspective in terms of monetizing plus the 
overall kind of a structure. 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Okay. Thanks for the clarification sir. And congratulations once 
again. Thank you. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. We'll have the next question from Ramesh Behera.  
 
Ramesh Behera: 
Sir, with this new capacity, like are you taking any initiative like to 
promote our brand in other part of the area rather than sticking with 
Telangana, Andhra and Tamil Nadu? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think we typically have indicated even in the past, about the lead 
distance that we could. We could aggressively pursue the same similar 
strategy when it comes to the lead distance. So we would not be very 
different from what we have been so far. It doesn't make compelling 
reason for us to go far. We would consolidate the positions where -- 
which are in the footprint area, which of the asset. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, we take the next question from Ritesh.  
 
Ritesh: 
Sir, a quick question, how should we look at the capital structure of 
the acquired entity? I presume it will remain listed. So if I'm a 
minority sitting in that particular entity, how should we look at the 
capital structure? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. let me again repeat once again, just from a ₹293 odd crores of 
paid up, we are reducing it to ₹91 crores of paid up, Mr. Ritesh. So 
that itself would give a lot more comfort because for this size of an 
asset, ₹292 crores look big and heavy. Secondly, Sagar itself then had 
an option to infuse a part, but Sagar preferred to infuse that ₹10 plus 
₹27 as a premium. So as to ensure that the minority shareholders 
would have a good return on a medium to long-term as the asset 
would turn around. So from a ₹293 crore, we have reduced it to ₹91 
odd crores in terms of the paid-up. That is the first part. 
 
The second part is the absolute minority shareholders, less than 20 
shareholders, though might believe that they are getting one share, but 
even a one shareholder would remain as a one single shareholder. So 
that has been kept in mind and we have taken care of it. For every 100 
shares, the -- above 100 shares, every individual whoever is owning it, 
you will get five shares for his 100 shares of the owning those shares, 
Mr. Ritesh. That's the structure. So we strongly believe that the 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
minority shareholders have been kept in our mind in the overall kind 
of restructuring of the capital is concerned. 
 
Ritesh: 
Sure. And sir, how should we look at the effective tax rate of that 
particular entity? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, I think we should be in MAT for at least a couple more years 
because there is an accumulated loss of more than ₹1,000 crore. 
 
Ritesh: 
Sure, and sir, last question, will we look to simplify the structure 
going forward, say, three years out, five years out? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
At this point of time, it is too soon. So we would -- for the next three 
years, we know we would want to stick to what we have clearly stated 
before we would turn around, we would be happy to come back. But 
at this point of time, since it's just come into the fold, yes, this is the 
plan that we have sir. 
 
Ritesh: 
Sure. Thank you so much sir. Wish you a good luck. Thank you. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you, Mr. Ritesh. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. We have a couple of questions from the chat. Is there any 
plan to merge Andhra Cement with Sagar Cements over the next two 
to three years? Or would Andhra Cement continue to remain as a 
separately listed entity in the long-term? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, for this question, I just addressed. Yeah, let me repeat once again. 
The plan at this point of time is to stick to what we have indicated that 
we would want to keep it listed. Yes, we need to reduce it to 90% in 
the first 12 months, before the end of 12 months. And before the end 
of 36 months, we need to dilute it to 75%. So when we reach to that 
point, we would want to take the call. But for such time, we would 
want to -- we don't want to stick to this plan. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Sreekanth. Since we do not have any further questions, we 
could close the floor. Sreekanth, would you like to make some final 
comments? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, thank you, Gavin. We would like to once again thank each one 
of you for joining the call. I hope you got all the answers that you are 
looking for. Please feel free to connect our team at Sagar or CDR if 
you need any further information or you have any further queries, and 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Sagar Cements Limited - Acquisition Update 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
we'll be more than happy to discuss them with you. Thank you. Have a 
good day. Thank you. 
 
