 
Regd Off: 83/86, G.I.D.C Industrial Estate, Nadiad - 387 001, India. Tel.: +91 268 2551381/82 Fax: +91 268 2565068 
Email: nadiadfactory@adf-foods.com CIN: L15400GJ1990PLC014265 
Corp. Off: Marathon Innova, B2, G01, Ground Floor, G. K. Road, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. INDIA.  
Tel.: +91 22 6141 5555, Fax: +91 22 6141 5577, Email: info@adf-foods.com, Web: www.adf-foods.com 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
DCS-CRD 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: ADFFOODS 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 519183 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q3 and Nine Months FY 2022-23 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith a copy of the transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, January 31, 2023. The same is also available on the website of the Company 
at www.adf-foods.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ADF Foods Limited 
 
 
 
Shalaka Ovalekar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
OVALEKAR 
SHALAKA 
SWAPNIL
Digitally signed by 
OVALEKAR 
SHALAKA SWAPNIL 
Date: 2023.02.06 
16:20:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“ADF Foods Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Conference Call.” 
January 31, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIMAL THAKKAR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ADF FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHARDUL DOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADF FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMER THAKKAR – SENIOR MANAGER-BUSINESS 
& STRATEGY DEVELOPMENT – ADF FOODS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVIN SONI – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ADF Foods Limited Q3 and Nine Months 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavin Soni. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bhavin Soni: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Bhavin Soni, from Orient Capital. We are Investor 
Relations advisors to ADF Foods Limited. On behalf of ADF Foods Limited, I extend a very 
warm welcome to all the participants on this Q3 and nine months ended financial year '23 
financial results discussion call. 
Today on the call, I'm joined by Mr. Bimal Thakkar, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Shardul Doshi, CFO, and Mr. Sumer Thakkar, Senior Manager-Business & Strategy 
Development. 
I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the investor presentation and press release 
that the ADF team has uploaded on the exchanges and the Company's website. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some 
forward-looking statements which are completely based on our beliefs, opinions and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Thakkar for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Bhavin. Good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to welcome you all to our Q3 and nine 
months ended 31st December, 2022 earnings conference call. The year has begun on a very 
positive note for us, as we have achieved the highest ever quarterly revenue and PAT on a 
consolidated basis and standalone basis. This shows that the demand for our products remains 
strong, and our efforts to improve the product portfolio and introduce new innovative products 
are giving us positive results. 
On a standalone basis, we recorded revenue of INR 99.8 crores for Q3 FY '23, an increase of 
14.5%. Standalone EBITDA and PAT stood at INR 25.7 crores and INR 19.2 crores, 
respectively. Despite inflationary pressures on raw materials, we have recorded a robust and 
resilient quarter. 
We are seeing some more softening on freight cost, which has had a positive impact on our 
margins, and we are monitoring these costs closely. As mentioned in our last quarter, the 
company had launched ADF Soul brand on e-commerce platforms across India. The initial 
traction is encouraging and as a result, the company has launched a range of new international 
gourmet products like dips, Italian sauces, Thai curries, etc. 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Apart from ADF Soul, the company has also launched new products under its existing brand, 
Ashoka and Khansaama in categories of ready-to-eat, ready-to-cook categories. We have 
introduced new products under the plant-based meat categories under the Ashoka brand, which 
will enable us to expand our product offerings to meet every evolving demand of our valued 
consumers. 
On the operational side, debottlenecking efforts are being undertaken to improve capacity 
utilization and mitigate costs in our existing facility at Nadiad. Further, I'm pleased to announce 
the company has received an approval from the Ministry of Food Processing Industries, 
Government of India has entitled this to receive grants in aid of INR 10 crores towards its 
proposed Greenfield project at Surat, Gujarat. 
To conclude, we are working to enter new markets and penetrate in existing markets by 
improving our product portfolio and providing superior quality products to our existing and new 
customers. 
This is all from my side, for the moment. I will now hand over to Shardul for the financial update. 
Thank you. Shardul, over to you. 
Shardul Doshi: 
Thank you, Bimal. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let me brief you 
on the financial highlights for the first quarter. 
Our standalone Q3 FY '23 revenue stood at INR 99.8 crores, which is an increase of 14.5% Y-
on-Y and 19.9% Q-on-Q. Our consolidated Q3 FY '23 revenue stood at INR 123.2 crores, which 
is an increase of 5.2% Y-on-Y and 15.4% on Q-on-Q.  
As Bimal mentioned, our both standalone and consolidated quarterly revenues are the highest in 
the history of the company. This is despite muted sales in our ADF Foods USA business. 
Our standalone EBITDA stood at INR 25.7 crores, an increase of 79.1% Y-on-Y and 66% Q-
on-Q. Standalone EBITDA margin stood at 25.8%, an increase of 930 bps on Y-on-Y and 720 
bps on Q-on-Q basis. Consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 27.1 crores, an increase of 37.5% Y-
on-Y and 50.2% Q-on-Q. Consolidated EBITDA margin is at 22%, which is an increase of 520 
bps on Y-on-Y basis and 510 bps on Q-on-Q basis.  
Again, on standalone as well as consolidated quarterly the EBITDA absolute number as well as 
the EBITDA margin is one of the highest in the history of the company. On a consolidated basis, 
Q3 FY '23 PAT stood at INR 18.5 crores with margin of 15%, an improvement of 340 bps Y-
on-Y and 230 bps sequentially.  
This is all from my side. We can now open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Rishi Maheshwari from AKSA Capital. 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
So my question was largely on understanding the nuances of the revenue growth this quarter. As 
I understand, Nates and PJ's in the prior quarter last year would have been some portion 
contributing to the revenue, whereas it wouldn't have been any portion contributing to revenue 
this quarter. 
Can you please distinguish what would be the actual like-to-like growth dissecting away from 
Nates and PJ's and also explain that when do you think would the supply chain issue be resolved 
on that front? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
 
Yes. Shardul, can you get that? 
Shardul Doshi: 
So in terms of revenue numbers, in Q3 of last financial year, we had INR 8.5 crores contributed 
by Nates and PJ's business. For nine months period, the topline was, in fact, INR 35 crores. So 
if I look at the like-to-like number, it's an increase of almost 17% on rest of the businesses which 
we have received. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
And my other question was on when... 
Bimal Thakkar: 
From the bottom line also, Shardul, what did Nates and PJ's contribute last year? I think that 
would also be helpful. 
Shardul Doshi: 
Right. So even on the bottom line side, for nine months, it had earned -- we had a profit of INR 
3 crores from Nates and PJ's business. While in the current year nine months, we have a loss of 
almost INR 4 crores from this business. So net-net impact on -- we see profitability with INR 7 
crores. So had Nates and PJ's contributed anything in the company in the current year, it would 
have been -- the profit would have been higher by at least INR 7 crores. This is for the nine-
month period. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Is it also possible for you to explain that when do you think the supply chain issues will be 
resolved over there? And how do -- should we look at growth in this division going ahead? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So we are currently having discussions with three co-packers. We are finding a bit of a challenge 
to -- that's why it's taken us so long to get this business restarted. But with these current three 
co-packers who we are discussing with, I'm hopeful that within the next three to six months, we 
should be able to start something. The thing out there is the factory needs to get approved by the 
customers, product formulation has to be done. So there are still some challenges on the supply 
chain, on the raw materials, getting the raw materials from the current vendors. So yes, we are 
doing our best and trying to see that we at least get this resolved by the -- in this next financial 
year before September, that's what our endeavor is. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Also, the margins in this quarter has been splendid. This is -- this looks like record margins since 
I have had numbers. Part of it, as you mentioned, was a flow-through of the fuel costs, which 
were lower in this year -- this last quarter. Can you help us understand, and I'm sure there would 
be certain other operating leverage also. What would you think the sustainable margins in your 
business? 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So the freight cost reduction has definitely helped us. And we hope the freight continues to go 
lower. There are some pressures which we are facing on raw materials, certain commodities are 
still continuing to go high. But we are trying to balance everything out by better efficiency. And 
we will try our best to maintain in and around the current margins. We also have plans of running 
some consumer offers and trade schemes. But I mean, to help increase volumes and also increase 
our market share. So I hope we are able to maintain more or less the same margins or if at all, it 
will be a couple of points lower. But definitely in the 20s is where we see ourselves continuing 
to keep subject to raw material and freight not going out of that. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
You also mentioned last quarter that distribution business would have had some more clients 
that will be ramped up in this quarter or maybe next one. Distribution this quarter was fairly 
stable versus last quarter and last year. Help us understand if in case, what is the outlook on the 
distribution business? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So the distribution business is, in fact, this -- from the last two months, we've seen it started to 
stabilize. There were certain issues, as I mentioned earlier, where in the transition from Unilever 
to the new owners of the tea business. There were certain issues, which resulted in the business 
-- in the loss of business in the earlier quarters. But things have now stabilized, and we hope 
from this fourth quarter onwards, things will only look better. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
So if I have to sum up the last few questions that I've asked, it seems like 15% to 20% is the 
organic growth that's coming from prepackaged food that's supplied from India. And distribution 
business is also growing, as you mentioned from henceforth. The Nates and PJ's will start 
reporting positive growth from next year onwards, somewhere mid of next calendar year 
onwards. Therefore, from what I gather, this looks like a 20% to 25% kind of growth on a steady 
state with margins hovering around 20s is what you mentioned. Is that a fair assumption? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
 
Yes, I would say so. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
My last question is generally to understand the focus of the prepackaged foods within the US. I 
so far I understand that this is largely within the Indian diaspora community and the stores related 
to it. But then I often see it on Amazon.com or any of such websites, Costco and others, I do not 
find your products. Is there a concerted effort towards making your product more visible in some 
of these large marts as well? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Yes. In fact, in the UK, we are present in quite a lot of the mainstream or the supermarkets. In 
the US, we have been in and out of Costco in some of their divisions and our effort is to continue 
increasing our consumer base, which is -- the focus is on the mainstream, because there's a huge 
runway out there for us and Indian food is getting very popular with non-Indian as well. So yes, 
the efforts are continuously on for growing this business. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Keval Seth from K. S. Investments. 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Keval Seth: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is that on ADF Soul. Where do you see 
this brand going forward? And what is the internal ambition on the size of ADF Soul for the 
coming three to four years? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So the Indian consumer also, packaged foods is being well accepted by the Indian consumers. 
And we believe India will be a very strong market going forward for the kind of product range 
we have. The current plan is to first build the business on e-commerce and then I think not this 
'23-'24, but '24-'25 start looking at the modern trade. So in the next three years, I would hope for 
the brand to be at least in the range of INR 70 crores, INR 75 crores is what the internal ambition 
is. 
Keval Seth: 
I just have one more question. Like, how are we seeing our position in the US, UK and the 
Europe markets? Like, if you could just provide a road map that you have as we are doing 
Greenfield projects and Brownfield projects to improve the capacity and increasing the sales? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Yes. So we are expanding capacities on certain product categories, adding new product 
categories. And it's a continuous process in all these markets where we are further increasing 
our width in the stores, adding new stores, trying to get more penetration in the mainstream. So 
that's a continuous process in all these markets, and these are our key markets. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment Advisors. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question is that with the news around 
moderating consumer sentiment in the US and UK, how does business look now and for the rest 
of 2023? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So we are not seeing any reduction in demand for food products, especially. I mean we are still 
seeing a strong growth and that's reflected in our Q3 numbers. And even the month of Jan has 
started off well. So hopefully, we continue to see the strong demand. People still have to eat 
food. So we're not seeing any reduction in that off-take. 
Aakash Javeri: 
And my last question would be that in the processed foods business, we heard about some 
channel destocking taking place some quarters back. So is that true? Is that happening or do you 
see that happening or not so much in our case? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
No. At the moment, things are pretty normalized from the last few quarters. You saw that right 
in the beginning of COVID times. But since the last many quarters, the pipeline stocking has 
been what normally it should be. I think, excess which we expect, right? 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Tarak Mehta from Kotak Securities. 
Tarak Mehta: 
Just want to understand the recent tie-up with Unilever and Patanjali, how are they shaping up? 
And what are the roadmap ahead, please? 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So as I mentioned, there were -- Unilever International has sold their tea businesses to another 
company. And last year, in that transition, there was a bit of supply chain issue. That has now 
been resolved. And from last quarter onwards, things are getting better and normalized. So we 
hope to see good steady growth from Q4 onwards and the next year as well. 
Patanjali is also doing well. Right now, it's only -- we've just launched it in the UK. I think in 
the next two months, we will be having our first shipments go into Holland as well. So we are 
now expanding the footprint into Europe. So this, both these businesses are looking promising 
for us. 
And we will be adding on some other complementary agency lines as well. So that whole agency 
business for us will also continue to grow in the next year as well. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of from Foram Bauva from Abakkus Asset Manager. 
Foram Bauva: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my question would be like what could be the freight 
cost as a percentage of sales in quarter 3? And do we expect this to go down further? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
 
Shardul, do you want to get that, please? 
Shardul Doshi: 
Yes. So freight cost at its peak had reached almost 20% of our topline, has in Q3 come down to 
the level of 12%. So that's -- and this is -- I'm talking about the standalone number where the 
impact is the highest. So even in absolute terms, there is in Q3 of last financial year on a lower 
topline, the freight cost was INR 18 crores, while it's INR 12 crores in this quarter. So that's 
quite a bit of a -- yes, gain which we have. 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Please keep in mind also that we had increases in the RM cost. So the freight cost reduction 
helped, but there was an increase in raw material, packing material costs as well. And despite all 
of that, that's how we've been able to come with better efficiencies, better product mix, all those 
things has helped in getting us to the margins we have right now in Q3. 
The freight continues to be -- I mean, we hope that it will come down further. There are some 
areas where it's still -- some regions where it's still steady. Some places, it is coming down every 
few weeks. So we hope it comes -- continues to go on a softer trend or coming down lower and 
doesn't start increasing again. 
Foram Bauva: 
 
Advertisement spend in the current quarter? 
Shardul Doshi: 
 
There, we are always between the range of 5% to 6%. 
Foram Bauva: 
And we also have launched a few products on the e-commerce segment, so how has been the 
response of those products? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
It's been pretty encouraging. We are just early three months into that launch. And we've just 
launched some more products this month. So we hope to -- the response has been very 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
encouraging. We are now going to open up some more channels for selling on e-commerce as 
well. So I think by, in the next few months, we should be targeting a sale of about INR 1 crore 
every month on the e-commerce side. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Keval Seth from KS Investments. 
Keval Seth: 
I have a follow-up question, sir. So sir, what is our progress on getting listings on the big-box 
retailers? Like are you targeting specific geographies for big-box retailers? And it will be really 
helpful if you can -- and again, listing in one provide you a good platform to penetrate more big-
box retailers? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
 
So I presume when you say bigbox, you mean like the large supermarket chains, correct? 
Keval Seth: 
 
Yes, sir. 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Yes. So as I mentioned, we are already in the leading chains in the UK. So we continue to expand 
our product range into those chains. And in the US also, our goal is to get more-and-more listings 
into the supermarkets. So we are continuing to do that, and that's an ongoing process. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Maheshwari from AKSA Capital. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
I just had a follow-up on the capex. You mentioned in the last call that the capex would be 
roughly about INR 60 crores over the next two years, if I'm not mistaken. Now you've got a 
grant of about INR 10 crores from the government. So does that -- should we assume that your 
capex would be roughly about INR 50 crores over the next two years, the cash outflow, sorry? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Yes, that's correct. So how this works is we will need to spend that money and then claim it back 
from the Government, right? So yes, it would net off to about INR 50 crores. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
I have another question. This is in regards with your depth and width policy. You are spread 
across 55 countries and garnering roughly about close to about INR 400 crores, INR 500 crores 
sales across -- and I exclude India. 
Across 55 countries to be present with the marketing spend, to be able to do that, wouldn't it be 
a better strategy to be -- to have a depth policy where a market like US, UK and Middle East 
itself is so large with the large kind of Indian diaspora. And hence, concentrate over there as a 
couple of questions relate to your strategies on being more inclusive within the large 
supermarkets and chains where you seem to be absent at this point in time. 
I understand that's an ongoing format and a policy that or a strategy that you'd be undertaking. 
However, it seems like it is taking a really longer time. So instead of choosing to be spread 
across several other countries, would it make more sense to be vertically integrated within the 
same country in several other supermarkets? 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Yes. So we are doing that. I mean, our major markets account for nearly 80% of our revenues 
and which is the three regions, I mean, North America, Europe, GCC. These account for nearly 
80% of our revenue. So the concentration and focus is in these markets. And we are going to 
continue focusing there, adding, expanding our distribution in those markets and expanding our 
width in those current outlets that we are in. So yes. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
My question was largely related to, I know that obviously, one would like to be present across 
all markets as much as possible and concentrate on a few of them. However, the presence across 
all markets would also require management bandwidth. It will also require a lot of marketing 
spend. It will require some personnel who would be responsible for all those markets. 
Given that 55 countries seems a very large number for the size at which we are. I'm trying to 
understand how do you balance the kind of expenditure per market versus the sale that you derive 
from each of those markets? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So it really is not that much of an effort. The smaller markets are markets where we don't really 
have any -- make any significant effort. There's no separate marketing spends done for that. The 
focus is on the main markets. So it's something where our brand is known. We've been doing 
business for many years. 
It doesn't make sense to stop selling in those markets. When you are getting business without 
really making any effort in some of these smaller markets, it's better to continue rather than 
pulling out of these markets. Our focus remains on the main markets, and that's where we 
continue to be. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Anupam Agarwal from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
Sir, just one question on PJ's and Nate's you mentioned we would start looking at regenerating 
sales from the second half of FY '24. Is the entire INR 35 crore or INR 18 crores half yearly 
basis is going to come one shot or is it going to take time to ramp that sales up again? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
No, I wish it could come one shot. It will take some time to ramp-up. But there are certain key 
products of ours with some key customers, we hope to get them started off. So I would say a fair 
assumption would be that we expect at least 50% or 60% at least to come in the -- once we 
resume the business. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
And on the ADF Soul, the India business, what commissions are we paying for listing on these 
e-commerce platforms? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
 
So it varies from -- Sumer, do you want to get that? 
Sumer Thakkar:  
Yes. So, you all know this Amazon. So Amazon is about 25% 
Anupam Agarwal: 
And are we present across all the major platforms or initially just one or two are we starting off 
with? 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Sumer Thakkar:  
Right now, it's just our website and Amazon, but we are looking in other platforms. 
Anupam Agarwal: 
And what level of monthly sales, so Bimal, sir, said that INR 1 crore, we would like to touch 
INR 1 crore sales in a few months. At what level of monthly sales will we be breaking even on 
EBITDA level? 
Sumer Thakkar:  
So hopefully, at a INR 1 crore a month by, around April. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa & Company. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Yes. Sir, you had mentioned on the previous con-call that there are -- we are in talks with two 
other majors for some kind of an arrangement of distribution. Where do we stand on that? And 
second is, what are the kind of margin expansions that we can now make if we have a better 
scale? And if at all there are more countries that we want to now sell to, which would be a 
priority for you? Or would you be more sure of getting across the board in USA itself? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So to answer your first question, the discussions with those few companies is still ongoing. We 
are at final stages of lining out details on the agreement and the territories. So I'm hopeful by the 
first quarter of next financial year, we should have at least one of these agencies lined up. 
Your second question was we will continue to expand in our core markets, continue to focus in 
those core markets and expand our penetration there, expand our outlets where we'll focus more 
on the mainstream side out there. So that is what our plan is going forward. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And about the -- my question about the benefits of scale, would you feel that with much larger 
exports our profit margins could improve by like at least two or three percentage points? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
So it all depends on the commodity cost. Right now, we're juggling too many balls. I mean 
freight has helped us, but commodity costs, packing costs, all of those things have gone up. So 
we are -- right now, I think, with the way things are, our team has done a great job in getting to 
these kind of margins. And we will continue to improve product mix, efficiencies, all those 
things is a continuous and an ongoing process. It's just certain external factors which are not 
within our control. If those go out of  track, then we will see margin pressures. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And any of these two arrangements that we are now going to sign, so probably in the next 
financial year, would be almost equal in magnitude to the Unilever arrangement that we have? 
Bimal Thakkar: 
It's very difficult to say. Some of them are new products, which are going to be launched in. So 
it has a potential of being a large category. But from year 1, it will not be there. So it will take 
time to build up. I mean, even Patanjali, even though it's a big brand in India, for the UK market, 
it's got a limited clientele, and we are trying to expand that and increase that business out there 
as well. So things will take time. But the categories which we are -- or the agencies, which we 
are talking to have the potential of growing to that size. 

 
 
ADF Foods Limited
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
And can you give me two or three steps that we have taken in this quarter or probably the quarter 
before this to really improve our branding and visibility? Because we are now looking at the PLI 
scheme also helping us in giving us some financing for our marketing initiatives. 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Sure. So we've been more aggressive on our listing fees. So in regions like in UK, where we've 
spent money on visibility, we've spent money on sampling activity. We do social media and 
television advertising. So it's a full 360-degree approach that our company adopts. And we 
continue to do that aggressively. And the PLI scheme is only helping us increase our spends 
more. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Bimal Thakkar for closing comments. 
Bimal Thakkar: 
Thank you very much everyone. Have a great day and take care and be safe. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ADF Foods Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
