OM INFRA LIMITED 
(Formerly known as OM METALS INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED) 
CIN: L27203RJ1971PLC003414 
____________________________________________________________________________ 
Regd. Office: 2nd Floor, A-Block, Om Tower, Church Road, M.I. Road, Jaipur-302001 
Tel+91-141-4046666 
 
 Website: www.ommetals.com E-Mail Id: info@ommetals.com 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
Date :9.05.2023 
To, 
Corporate Service Department, 
 Bombay Stock Exchange,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Fax No. 022- 
22723121/3027/2039/2061/2041 
Scrip code: 531092 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange Of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G Bandra Kurla 
Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 
Fax No. 022- 
26598237/38;66418126 
NSE Symbol: OMINFRAL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call  
Dear sir/madam, 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call held by Om Infra Limited (“The Company”) on 
May 3, 2023 to discuss the results of the Company for the Fourth quarter and year ended  March 31, 
2023. 
  This information is also hosted on the Company’s website, at http://www.ommetals.com/#/concall 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Om Infra Limited 
 
Vikas Kothari 
Managing Director & CEO 
DIN : 00223868 
 
VIKAS 
KOTHARI
Digitally signed by 
VIKAS KOTHARI 
Date: 2023.05.09 
11:35:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Om Infra Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKAS KOTHARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO 
– OM INFRA LIMITED 
 
MR. S.K. JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – OM 
INFRA LIMITED 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Om Infra Limited Q4 and FY 2023 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may enter star and one on the touch-tone telephone. To remove 
yourself from the queue, you may enter star and two. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas 
Kothari. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you everyone and a very good morning to all of you. I, on behalf of OM Infra, welcome 
you all to this fourth quarter and full year earning conference call. We shall be sharing key 
operating financial highlights from fourth quarter and full year ending March 31, ‘23. And before 
we begin, I would like to state that, some of the statements made in today's discussion may be 
forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Documents relating to 
companies' financial performance have already been e-mailed to you. So please have a go-
through on those documents. 
 
 
So, thank you once again for everyone for joining and welcome to our company's conference 
call. It is good to be back after such a long absence. We hope that we will not have such long 
gaps in between our next conference calls. I am hoping everyone is doing well and staying safe. 
Since our last conference call organized back in 2017, looking back at past five years, our 
company has achieved significant growth and success in the business.  
 
 
We have expanded our operations in new markets and have backed new hydro projects also that, 
have resonated well with our clients. Let me give you a small recap of our business. We have 
remained focused on our hydro business, which is our core strength. In the last four years or five 
years, we have been building a strong order book in our core business, which has grown by more 
than 4x since March 2018 to March 2023, which currently stands at over Rs 3,000 Crores. The 
company is placed well in hydro business by providing hydro-mechanical equipment, which is 
our monopoly business, which also includes the order book now of Jal Jeevan Mission, we 
bagged first-ever order in FY 2022. 
 
  
 
 
We are well established in the hydro-EPC business, which is our core business, providing 
services like design, engineering, supply, direction, testing, commissioning, including transport, 
logistics, etc. From design to commissioning of hydro-mechanical equipment, then we are also 
into O&M contracts, long-term and short-term on-site maintenance. A lot of these hydro-power 
projects, which are decades old, have now started coming into repair and refurbishment also. So 
we are receiving a lot of queries for the repair, refurbishment, overhauling, which we are hoping 
will add a good amount of revenue. 
 
 
There is a Government of India program on this, which is called DRIP, Dam Rehabilitation and 
Improvement Project, where the World Bank has funded a lot of projects, both for the Central 
Government and State Governments, and that brings a lot of opportunity. We have been 
fortunate to be successful in adding a couple of orders there. So, as explained to you, there is a 
lot of action happening in both hydropower, irrigation, and water industry, including Jal Jeevan 
mission. Over the past few years, Om Infra has consistently been building order work across all 
these three segments. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
 
Since bagging our new order book, the company's execution run rate has also improved over the 
course of the past few years, it has helped in generating higher revenue in the engineering 
division, growing from around Rs 230 crores to over Rs 700 crores, which is a phenomenal 
growth of over 200% from FY ‘21 to FY ’23, in the engineering business, which is our core 
business.  
 
 
Back in March ‘22, Om Infra was qualified and backed the large project for the Jal Jeevan 
mission, which was totaling to over RS. 2,000 crores, which is backed by Government of India 
under the initiative of Har Ghar Jal, launched in 2019, by our honorable Prime Minister, and 
started in FY ‘21-FY ’22, with a total budget allocation of RS. 50,000 crores to provide 
functional household tap connections to every household in rural India by 2024. Of course, there 
is time overruns, etc., so these projects are expected, we are expecting that, these projects under 
Jal Jeevan mission will take care of our continued growth in order book and revenue over the 
next, my best sense is, at least for the next five years to 10 years. 
 
 
Coming on the margin profile of the Jal Jeevan mission projects - the EBITDA margins continue 
to be impacted by high input costs, which happened because of the Ukraine war, and basically, 
what happens is, the price increase gets compensated because we already have cost variation, 
price variation, in our order book, but there is a lag in getting compensated for the price variation. 
So there is an interim or an initial drop in margin, but the drop in margin gets eventually 
compensated by pay-off escalation. So, the contribution from the Jal Jeevan mission projects at 
the initial stages, once the price variation gets factored in, we generate a healthy margin of 8% 
to 12%, in the Jal Jeevan mission projects also. 
 
 
Apart from our main business of hydropower and irrigation and water supply business, there has 
been a certain development in the real estate division also, where we have been monetizing the 
existing landline that the company has. So you have seen in the last two years, three years, we 
have started monetizing the land parcels available with the company. 
 
 
We have residential projects in Rajasthan, which is Pallacia, and in Kota, at Om Green Meadows. 
We are expecting a total cash inflow of approximately RS. 400 crores plus, in the next two years 
to three years, in the financials, with the company. Coming on to our MHADA project in 
Mumbai, we have been holding this land since 2006-2007, with an investment of about RS. 120 
crores, and since the project is huge, we reduced our holding and we reduced our financial 
exposure to this project by joint venture with DB Realty. There are certain delays in the project, 
and the consortium has appealed this case against MHADA in arbitration, and the matter is 
currently in the final stages of hearing, and we are expecting to have the outcome of that 
arbitration very soon. The total realizable revenue in this project will be phenomenal, as we 
already know, when we took up this project, the total saleable area in the project was roughly 
around 6,00,000 square feet, which is now increased to over 2.5 million square feet, and our 
share in that, with about 17% stake, should bring us a realizable revenue of over RS. 700 crores, 
as per current market rates. So this is going to be a phenomenal jump in the net profits of the 
company in the future.  

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
 
Lastly on the business fronts, we have a few arbitration awards in our favor, which will be 
directly added in our operational cash flow of the company, over the next few years as and when 
they come. 
 
 
From Bhilwara Jaipur toll road project, we are expecting around RS. 580 crores windfall that 
comes to the company's revenue. Then we have a couple of other small arbitration awards, which 
are in some stage of challenge, in high court and in various other places. For example, the NTPC 
Tapovan project, we have around RS. 50 crores arbitration were already won there, which has 
been challenged by NTPC, in the high court. NTPC has already deposited the full amount in the 
high court under protest, and we are fighting that in the high court of Delhi, hoping for a clear 
judgment to come where we will get these proceeds in our cash flow. So, with over RS. 500 
crores of award in Bhilwara Jaipur and RS. 50 crores here, so roughly, we are expecting that 
over the next few years, the company should receive somewhere between RS. 500 crores to RS. 
600 crores in terms of the net profit from these, the net revenue and profit from these couple of 
arbitration awards. 
 
 
One big success that, we recently had was in a very old project called Kameng hydroelectric 
power project in Arunachal Pradesh, where we had a dispute with the government of India 
company called NEEPCO. We took this dispute into process defined by the Ministry of Power 
under CCIE and we were one of the first cases to be settled by CCIE and the outcome of that 
has been that we are expecting to receive about RS. 30 crores to RS. 40 crores from NEEPCO 
project, plus another about RS. 30 crores to RS. 35 crores of bank guarantees also, from the 
client. So, a long-drawn dispute in the project is now settled by the resolution committee and 
our expenses and cost has been agreed to be settled and the cash flows of that one, are expected 
to come in the next just maybe one or two months. 
 
 
So, you know the good thing that has started happening with the government's focus on 
resolution of all disputes is actually seeing the light of the day now. So, I'm hoping that this will 
continue and all these long-drawn disputes, which were running into years, the time period of 
settlement has shortened significantly. So overall summing up on the cash flow estimation, we 
are expecting about RS. 1,800 crores of cash flow from the above-mentioned events, which will 
be added to the core operational cash flow for the next two years to seven years in our company's 
balance sheet. You compare this amount to the current revenues and the current balance sheet 
of the company; this is a significant upside. 
 
 
Now let me take you through the hydro-power industry updates, over the last one decade, the 
Indian energy sector, energy transition has resulted in substantial shift in the placement of the 
biggest players and sources of fuel and the energy value chain. According to national electricity 
plan 2022, India would need an additional 17,000 megawatts of hydro capacity added between 
2022 and 2031, the ideal balance for any nation, is to have a good fossil fuel and renewable, 
which is hydro mix. 
 
 
Ideal mix for any country is 60%-40%, where 60% should come from fossil fuels and 40% 
should come from hydro because hydro is the only source of energy, which can be added and 
stopped in the shortest possible time frame. So the ratio got severely skewed against hydropower 
and that has kind of reason alarming level, which is why, the government of India has suddenly 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
increased their focus on development of or adding additional hydro-power capacity. So this 
17,000 megawatts of hydropower capacity is expected to be added in the next few years alone. 
And we are already seeing a focus on that, by the announcement of new projects that have come 
up for bidding recently. Another 5,00,000 megawatts of renewable is also expected to be added 
on the grid, in the next few years. 
 
 
India is aiming for a 50% capacity from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030. The need for flexible 
resources in the electricity grid has become extremely critical and therefore the focus by the 
government of India. Hydropower as a source has several advantages including flexibility, 
extended project life, technical maturity, a clean power source and advantages in irrigation, flood 
control, water security.  
 
 
On an average, the project take about three years to five years longer than expected but once 
completed, they are a big source of revenue including power, at the cheapest cost. This has 
resulted in lack of information regarding ultimate project cost and limiting consciousness of the 
final tariff. But a lot of that is changing now with the hydro-power project getting completed, if 
not within the time period specified but with a marginal increase in the time period of 
completion. The central powers sector undertakings have been responsible for the majority of 
hydro-power plant constructions in India. 
 
 
The private sector was involved in adding capacity in India but some of those projects, which 
were stalled because of various reasons are now coming back in the CPSU basket and therefore 
will also start seeing the development happening. Most of these large private sector projects 
have been taken over by NHPC, NTPC, SJVN and all the central government PSU and that will 
also come up for bidding and we will see the light of the day very soon. 
 
 
Only about 811 megawatts of entire 2,100 megawatts capacity expansion in the previous six 
years, came into private sector, which is now coming back to the central government PSUs. 
Overall the private sector contributes to just 8% of the total installed capacity. This hindered the 
sector's progress and lower cost of competitiveness. The average price of hydro projects 
completed in the previous six years has been approximately 5.42-kilowatt hour, which is more 
than the highest fuel resource accessible, on the Indian grid. Over time, the government has 
brought in various enablers to assist the industry to recover. These include recognizing hydro as 
a renewable energy source, establishing the hydropower obligation and an independent entity 
with a 2.82% objective by FY 2030. 
 
 
To increase the tariff discovery of hydro, recently CERC brought upon certain amendments, 
including increasing project tenure period to 40 years, increasing loan tenure period to 18 years 
and decreasing the annual escalation rates. These enablers can help in decreasing the tariff to 
RS. 4.6 per unit. India would be requiring a total addition of more than 17,000 megawatts of 
hydro to meet the HPO obligation target of 2030, which is 38% addition from the present 
deployed capacity. 
 
 
In the current scheme, CPSUs are the best place to develop hydro projects by looking at the 
storage percentage, ability to absorb risk, packed by high costs, high bargaining power with state 
DISCOMs and the ability to access low-cost capital. Currently India has utilized 31% of total 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
hydro potential, which India has, which mainly comes from the Hilly region and a few states, 
which are still unexplored. Recently India has authorized its largest hydropower project in the 
nation's remote north-eastern frontier bordering with China as the country attempts to increase 
renewable energy to satisfy increasing electricity demand. 
The government has sanctioned RS. 319 billion investments for 2,880 megawatt Dibang 
hydroelectric power project in Arunachal Pradesh, a state-owned hydropower company called 
NHPC responsible for development of that project. The project is expected to complete in the 
next nine years. Hydropower is recognized as renewable energy in India and it is seen as critical 
in the countries moving away from coal in order to shift by intermittent solar and wind supply. 
Coming on to company’s performance during the year company has received the LOA from 
BMC for the work of design build operation maintenance of Bhandup wastewater treatment 
facility under the Mumbai series disposal project stage 2 which is a fee around RS. 1,100 crores 
of which our Om Infra share is 30%. This project is expected to be completed in the next 48 
months with the LOA and further 15 years of operation and maintenance. 
During this year, this financial year the company is proud to have recommended a final dividend 
of 50% which is 50 paisa per equity share on face value of one each for the financial year ended 
31, March 2023. The company has additionally acquired 2.28% shareholding of Bhilwara Jaipur 
toll road through allotment of converting debt into equity now it has become shareholding and 
now it has shareholding of 51.28% in the subsidiary company. 
At the end of FY ‘23 company has an order book of over RS. 3,000 crores which is more than 
four times of FY ‘23 revenues out of which roughly around, I would say 50% order book is of 
Jal Jeevan Mission and the remaining is hydropower projects. The Jal Jeevan Mission projects 
that we have backed are in the states of UP and Rajasthan. Both these states are very focused on 
fast execution of these projects. And likewise for hydropower projects also our clients are central 
government PSUs and some state governments which are very heavily focused on completion 
of these projects in a time-bound manner and therefore we will foresee the growth of revenues 
happening in the same manner as we have done in this financial year. 
The company is also bidding for new Jal Jeevan Mission projects across the nation and expects 
to receive new orders in the near future. Om Infra with its dedicated track record and leadership 
position in the hydropower and the water infrastructure business is ideally positioned to 
capitalize on the potential in this field.  
Coming on the financial performance for the quarter, the revenue for Q4, FY ’23 has grown by 
185% year on year to RS. 347 crores which is by far the highest we have ever done in the history 
of last 50 years of the company as compared to RS. 122 crores in Q4FY22. Operating profits for 
the quarter stood at RS. 21 crores up by 307% EBITDA margin was recorded at 6% which was 
largely impacted by the lag in the recognition of price variation from the Jal Jeevan Mission 
projects. So the 6% EBITDA margin is not true reflection of the actual margin in the project but 
it just reflects the lag in the recognition of the price variation from these projects. The net profit 
for the quarter was recorded at RS. 8 crores up by 201% year on year.  

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Coming to the full performance, the revenue for FY ‘23 has grown by 155% to RS. 799 crores 
as compared to FY ‘22 RS. 313 crores. Operating profit for FY ‘23 stood at RS 38 crores down 
by about 14% year on year. EBITDA margin was recorded at 5% which is largely impacted 
because of the lag in the Jal Jeevan Mission price variation. Net profit for FY ‘23 was recorded 
at RS. 13 crores which was up by 53% year on year. Gross debt to equity stood at 0.18,  Net debt 
to equity stood at 0.07.  
So with all this information I think I can leave the stage open for any question and answers from 
all the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
The first question is on the line of Tanmay from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Tanmay: 
First of all congratulations. I believe this is your highest ever quarterly and yearly performance. 
So heartiest congratulations and I think your presentation is also very informative. If I can just 
start with, I have a couple of questions. I can just start with the first one pertaining to your 
margin. So based on what you said sir my understanding is that historically your engineering 
business has been posting operating margins of around 20%-22% odd. But now because of the 
Jal Jeevan Mission projects your margin would come down to around 14%-15% percent on a 
sustainable basis. Is that right sir? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, see Jal Jeevan Mission projects are certainly hydro mechanical used to be or is actually 
monopolistic kind of a business and therefore we enjoy double digit margins there. Jal Jeevan 
Mission is certainly not as commemorative in terms of the gross margin and or net margin but 
it's certainly double-digit margin. The only problem that happens is that the price variation 
affects the initial execution of the project because the price variation is always lagging behind 
by at least one quarter or two quarters. Because the formula is always based on indices and the 
indices take two quarters to come and therefore, the lag in the recognition of the price variation. 
Therefore, you see a bit of a dip in the margins. 
Tanmay: 
Right sir. But in terms of absolute numbers, because of your increasing top line your overall 
profits will continue to grow. All we set a slightly lower margin per se? 
Vikas Kothari: 
All of these projects that, we have bagged are, have been bagged with a healthy margin. We did 
have a bit of an impact because of the price rise, in the cost of raw materials because of the 
Ukraine war especially the UI pipes and increase in the MS. But we have as fast as the price rise 
happened, the price drop has also happened with equal speed. So we are seeing that, the margins 
are back to getting back to the double digits. 
Tanmay: 
Right sir. And so if you could also throw some light on the, you said that is almost sale got the 
number correct said around RS. 1,800 crores strong your various monetization that, you have 
put in your presentation. So what is the timeline expected for some, of these cash flows and how 
confident are you that, that will happen? 
Vikas Kothari: 
We cannot put any fixed timeline to this as of now, because any number given by me will be the 
best-case estimate. But what I can tell you is that the breakup of this RS. 1,800 crores is roughly 
about RS. 500 crores to, RS. 600 crores from MHADA, which is a real estate project in Mumbai. 
Then about RS. 500 crores to RS. 600 crores from road and about RS. 300crores, RS. 400 crores 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
from Pallacia, which is a real estate project in Jaipur. And the RS. 500 crores-RS. 600 crores is 
a road asset that, the arbitration that, we have and about RS. 100 crores from other arbitration. 
So that is how the cumulative figure of RS. 1,800 crores, RS. 1900 crores has come. 
Now MHADA may take about three year to five years to come. Road is in litigation. So they've 
challenged it, in the high court and how the court processes work that. So my best-case estimate 
would be anywhere between two years to three years of it should come. Pallacia realization, the 
project is already completed. We have received the OC also. So therefore, the same now, the 
only thing that will happen is the sales velocity will increase and we will realize these revenues 
of roughly around Rs. 350 crores to RS. 400 crores, in the next two year to three years. So I have 
the highest amount of visibility, clear visibility on Pallacia, on the arbitration claims in the next 
two years to four years I would say. 
Tanmay: 
Thank you very much sir and all the best. I'll probably join the queue again, if I have any more 
questions. I'll probably let someone else take up now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private Limiter. Please 
go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Good morning sir. Actually my first question is, in your presentation, you have stated that, the 
current order books are about RS. 3,200 crores now and also that tenders, was Rs. 4,000 crores 
also, where we have biddings are in the pipeline. So sir, how confident are you, to grab these 
tenders, and where we are expected to emerge as L1 bidders in this Rs. 4,000 crores? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So bidding is already in, they're all in various stages of bidding and we're hoping to add within 
this financial year another Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 1000 crores, at least, if not more. On a 
conservative basis, we should add about Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 1000 crores, at least in this 
financial year itself. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. Sir and the next question is coming to a balance sheet actually. Contrasting that 
inventories have actually, they are falling from Rs. 659 crores to Rs. 544 crores, but while the 
sundry data has increased by almost three times from Rs. 86 crores to Rs. 242 crores. Sir can 
you show some light on this, please? 
S.K. Jain: 
Hello. This is S K Jain, CFO, behalf of company, I would like to answer this question. As the 
turnover grew by threefold in this fiscal year. in this fiscal year. Correspondingly our receivables 
also believes the same proportion. So far we were, if we’re rising there work in progress at cost, 
This is the change of Indian accounting standard, the working program which has been ready 
for the billing to the some facilities but not been build and approved by the authorities have been 
booked as unbilled revenue in the balance sheet. But revenue have recognized as receivables in 
the balance sheet and we’re going to receive the same. This has escalated receivables in the 
balance sheet up to Rs. 240 crores, as compared to Rs. 80 crores last year. 
Pinaki Banerjee:  
Okay. Sir fine. That's all from my end, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rajneesh Behl as an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Yes. Congratulations on good set of numbers. Actually I have two questions like, you said, the 
hydroelectric project, I want to ask, whether you do bidding on EPC basis all the projects and 
how are the payment pipelines like milestone based or monthly based and do you have any, like 
penalty or liquidated damages closest on any of your projects or on all of your projects and how 
much is retention money being kept on these projects? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, we the big four hydro-power projects, which are of two kinds. One is central government 
PSUs and the other one is state government corporation. We have, your question was milestone 
driven payments. Yes, we have milestone driven payments and yes, we have progressive 
payments also. So we get typically, we get 5% to 10% advance from these clients against bank 
guarantee. Then we get milestone driven payments, which is after approval of design drawing 
after mobilization and besides then, at every stage of progress in the work, we get some 
payments. These are all stage payments. 
The last 5% to 10% is retention amount, which is retained against the defect liability period. The 
defect liability period is roughly around 12 months and in most cases, we get released that 10% 
also against a bank guarantee. So therefore, there is a lot of requirement of non-fund-based 
limits, which is basically bank guarantee and bank guarantees, are pretty much our raw material, 
which but cash flows and payments are very healthy because hydro-power projects funding is 
already in place. So the moment, we place our bills, we get paid within 30 days to 40 days, so 
that's never a problem. 
As regards penalties, yes, we do have penalties. Penalties can range from anywhere between 5% 
to 10% of the total project value, depending on the delay, that happens. Most of the time, the 
delays are not attributable to us. The delays are attributable to outside circumstances or because 
the delay is in site availability or land acquisition etc. So if the delays are not attributable to us, 
they are well compensated by the client to us. If the delays are attributable to us, then we have 
to incur penalty. We have been fortunate to not have incurred penalties in pretty much, I would 
say most of our projects.  
Rajneesh Behl: 
That's good to know and is there any price variation clause on hydroelectric projects also because 
this involves a lot of steels now and is there any chance of improvement of working capital 
cycle? 
Vikas Kothari: 
All the hydro-power projects that, we have in our order book, including the ones, which we are 
bidding for also, have price variation clause, built in them. We don't sign any contract without 
price variation built, in them. So that's, to answer your first question. Your second question was 
the working capital cycle is -- there is a significant improvement including state government -- 
particularly, central government PSUs are very healthy and their payment terms are very healthy. 
They don't delay their payments to states. So states also sometimes there are delays, but most of 
the time you get paid within 30 days to 60 days. So, usually not a problem. The only problem 
that happens is that because of milestones, the working capital cycles would get stretched, 
because milestones -- unless you achieve all the 10 items or 20 items in the milestone the 
payments are held up. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Understood. And second is on Jal Jeevan Mission projects. What is the current progress and the 
timeline for the completion of projects? And you are talking about the price variation clause. So 
is it like only fairly on the index basis or you have some pegging ratio for like steel material that 
would bag like it was under during the bidding now it has become 120 you will get full amount 
of variation or only it is based on the index. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Our price variation formulas are already embedded in the contract and they are based on some 
formula and index. So -- in most cases they don't fully compensate. I wouldn't say 100% of the 
price increase is compensated but especially, when the rise is enormously high like what 
happened in the recent past. But I would say about 90% is covered. We get a price variation on 
account of rise in steel, on account of rise in cement, on account of rise in labor and fuel also. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Okay. And second question regarding what is the progress on current Jal Jeevan Mission projects 
and what is the timeline for completion of these projects? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Jal Jeevan Mission has a lot of focus by, both the central government also and by the state 
government also. See, what happens in Jal Jeevan Mission projects is that 50% of the funding is 
coming from the central government and the central government is very strict about the timeline 
of the project. So therefore the fund disbursement and the utilization by the state government is 
also strictly monitored. So, this results in expeditious implementation of these Jal Jeevan 
Mission projects. 
We are working and we have two large orders from two large state governments, which is UP 
and Rajasthan and both governments are very focused on the early completion of these projects. 
So, the current order book that we already have my expectation is in the next 12 months to 24 
months all these orders should get completed without any delay beyond that. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
That's very good to know, that is quite fast and the third question regarding your monetization 
you said that road arbitration will take place maybe two years to three years of time. So, during 
these two years, three years, whether we will get further interest costs on our base price, which 
is already awarded? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, the award is already covering the interest until the time the payment is made to us. But what 
happens typically is that, first we have to win in the court then after winning in the High Court 
we have to state government will obviously appeal in the Supreme Court also. Once the state 
government appeals in the Supreme Court they lose in the Supreme Court then the state 
government will invite us for a negotiation. 
So in that process, I'm not very confident whether we will get the entire amount and whether 
we'll get the entire interest also which has been already awarded. The award already covers the 
interest also until such time that the payment will be made. But when it comes to settlement, we 
may have to forego some interest amount, we may have to forego the rate of interest etc. So 
therefore there is a bit of a vague idea behind the final amount. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Understood and for real estate project for the Jaipur, you say another two years, three years’ time 
will be taken. So, is there any stage why the realization like in this financial year, next financial 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
year, how much will be the realization in if you consider like two years to three years of time 
frame. 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, since the project is already completed and since the OC has also been received for our Jaipur 
project, so therefore in terms of realization there is nothing holding it back. Now, with the 
revenue realization revenue recognition will strictly, will simply depend on the sale. So, as soon 
as the sale happens the registry of that sale can be done immediately and therefore the 100% 
recognition of that sale can be done also. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Okay. So are you expecting any revenue in this year? 
Vikas Kothari: 
In this financial year based on, the number of units that we sell in this financial year the entire 
sale will be recognized for those units sold. How many units we sell, it's just an estimate. But 
since the project is completed, I think the sales should be quite healthy. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Is there any terms in value terms you can quantify, how much may be that value? 
S. K. Jain: 
Sorry. I would like to interfere, in terms of sales of the Pallacia project we have only recognized 
so far Rs. 120 crores out of sale of Rs. 292 crores based as a confirmation. The balance of Rs. 
170 crores will be recognized in this financial year as soon as we get the conveyance deeds of 
those buyer. Money has been realized by us, probably only conveyance deed execution is 
pending and as soon as that gets, we will recognize the revenue in our balance sheet in this 
current year. We are expecting that Rs. 100 crores and Rs. 120 crores will be revenue recognition 
in Pallacia in this year, even if you don't sell any project any new unit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Behl request you to join the queue for any follow-ups. The next question is from 
the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
Hi sir, I just have one question so looking at the current run rate, we get the revenues of around 
Rs. 350 crores and I just want to know whether this number is sustainable or not so can we 
expect to do the revenues of about Rs. 1,400 crores in FY 2024. And as per the margin profile 
as you said there is a price variation clause. So, can we expect the margins to be in double digits 
in FY 2024. 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, the revenue recognition when it comes to these kinds of projects is not a linear revenue 
recognition in the sense. Especially in monsoons, where the recognition from infrastructure EPC 
goes down and it also truly depends on how much of supplies we do. So, I would suggest that 
you should not look at the revenue recognition on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but certainly on an 
annual basis we will certainly have a significant growth in our annual revenues from the 
engineering business from the current existing order book itself, because you see the Rs. 3,200 
crores of order book where we are at the peak of the execution anyway. So all of these projects 
are already at their 20%, 30%, 40% of execution. 
Now obviously, the work doesn't stop nor does it slow down it just keeps on growing from here. 
So therefore Rs. 3,200 crores to be executed over the next two years to three years maximum. 
Even if I linearly divide that will result in at least a Rs. 1,000 crores in revenue in the engineering 
business alone is what our expectation for this current financial year. Added to that will be 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
revenue growth from the real estate and from other sources. As far as margin is concerned the 
margin is already locked in the project, is the worth bid. So margins will continue to improve in 
fact we'll keep on adding the escalation revenue, the price variation revenue also which will 
further improve the margin going forward. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right great, thank you very much. So is there any internal number that you're looking at the 
kind of growth for FY 2024. 
Vikas Kothari: 
I would say, at least from Rs. 700 crores the engineering revenue should jump to Rs. 1000 crores 
plus in this current financial year. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. Great, that is very encouraging. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza:  
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is regarding the real estate. So what 
operating margins are we looking for a Mumbai project and for projects excluding Mumbai? 
Vikas Kothari: 
I won't like to comment much on the Mumbai project because unless and until the revenues 
breaking mission starts. Margins anyway are already frozen because on this expected revenue 
of Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 700 crores from the Mumbai project, our cost towards that project will 
be very minimal. We may have to just contribute the premium that you have to pay to MHADA 
and the construction cost. So our margin in terms of profit margin in that expected revenue of 
Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 700 crores is phenomenal. So that is to answer one part of your question. 
The other part regarding Jaipur project, Jain sir. 
S.K. Jain: 
Yes we would be closing the operating revenue of 20% after the sales are entirely booked. We 
are hoping that Rs. 600 crores plus will be booked in the revenue in total and we will have a 
profit of 20% that is pre-tax. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
 
20% is the profit PAT margin you are talking about? 
Management: 
 
Pre-tax. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Pre-tax okay and also one more question on the MHADA so could you share any timeline like 
when can we start with the project or anything? 
Vikas Kothari: 
As of now we are waiting for the arbitration award to come once arbitration gets concluded then 
all the other things are going to start moving. In the sense that then we'll know what are the 
timelines, what are the process to start implementation on the project 
Rishikesh Oza: 
 
Okay and when is the next hearing? 
Vikas Kothari: 
I'm hoping that by July or August we should receive the arbitration award in our hand, arbitration 
decision not award, arbitration decision in our hand. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
 
Okay that's good thank very much. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Saraswat as an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Good afternoon Vikas ji thanks for the con-call I hope this will be a continuing practice going 
forward. 
Vikas Kothari: 
 
Absolutely. It will be, yes. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
So I have a few questions on Bhilwara Toll, has the order been challenged and any amount 
deposited under protest by the government. 
Vikas Kothari: 
The order has been, Jain sir, there is no money deposited in the court by the state government 
but the order has been challenged by them in the high court. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
So would they need to deposit any amount under protest for challenging the order? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Jain sir, can you throw some light on it? 
S.K. Jain: 
I would like to add here that the arbitration award was given in two phases one is an interim 
award for debt and second is the final award for equity. Debt award has been received and the 
amount has been deposited in the bank and our loan has been almost fully liquidated by the PWD 
by depositing the money into the bank. So our debt liability has almost been over and the equity 
award which has been received recently in February for Rs. 579 crores, debt award is in the 
process of a challenge by the PWD in commercial court, high court and we don't think that they 
will be able to challenge this award without depositing any initial deposit into the court maybe 
10% to 20% but they will surely deposit some amount of money in court before going to 
challenge for this award. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Yes got it. So that means the first Rs. 199 crores we have received and the debt has been paid 
off? 
S.K. Jain: 
 
Almost 90% of debt has been kicked off. 
Harsh Saraswat:  
Okay and who holds the remaining stake in the company, Bhilwara Toll? 
S.K. Jain: 
51% is hold by us and 49 % is hold by S.T.M.L. Infra limited is a base company 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay got it. On the real estate project of Jaipur, Pallacia what is the average selling price we are 
realizing right now and has it increased in last two years, three years? 
S.K. Jain: 
Right now we are selling at roughly Rs. 12,000 per square feet and, Rs. 12,500 per square feet 
and last three years, four years post-pandemic, amount is same almost and in the initial stage 
when we launched the project in 2011-2012 that time it was Rs. 8,000 per square feet. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay and on the Jal Jeevan Mission I wanted to ask, what are the receivable days in the Jal 
Jeevan Mission? 
S.K. Jain: 
 
45 days. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Harsh Saraswat: 
45 days, okay. So going forward if our turnover goes up working capital need and debt will be 
going up in the company is it right to presume that? 
S.K. Jain: 
No working capital cycle will be reduced and debt will not increase because these budgets are 
not on debt basis, it’s all on cash content basis. So debt will not be much but working capital 
cycle will be improved much as against current cycle. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay and last portion on the MHADA project so DB realty would be constructing this project 
going forward or we will be looking for another partner in the project? 
Vikas Kothari: 
We are still contemplating that, we are still working on that, so there's nothing frozen on that 
yet. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay, but our stake won't reduce from the 17% which we hold, that will be there no? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes, that will be there. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Great, thank you so much for your time and all the best for the future. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you a reminder to our participants please press star and one to ask a question. The next 
question is from the line of Jagdish Mundhara as an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jagdish Mundhara:  
Hello. Namaste.  
Vikas Kothari: 
Namaste. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
I will be asking the question in Hindi and request you also to answer in Hindi, as some of our 
participants would be comfortable in Hindi. 
As I have noted many of my queries had already been address by you like first one was on 
arbitration, national highway, MHADA, NTPC and NIPCO. So Vikas ji has almost address on 
all these like national highway will take two years to three years, MHADA will also take some 
time. I couldn’t hear you properly on NTPC and regarding NIPCO the award of RS. 30 crores 
to RS. 40 crores on mutual settlement basis should not take much time according to me. So what 
is your position on it? 
Vikas Kothari: 
We will be getting the award on NIPCO in coming two months to three months, NTPC we will 
get in one year to two years and highways we will get in two years to three years. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
And the arbitration on MHADA according to me that time… 
Vikas Kothari: 
The arbitration decision on MHADA will come in next six months, but receiving arbitration 
decision alone is not enough, after arbitration decision we will do the project planning. 
Arbitration decision is required by us, as the previous projects which we did, then FSI was four 
square feet, five square feet, seven square feet but now the FSI has increased, so what will be 
the model of revenue share or the premium which we have to pay to MHADA, so these are all 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
the issues under arbitration. So only after the arbitration decision, the project will takeoff. The 
revenue recognition on the project can be considered in three years to five years. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
As a landowner even after the sanction of FSI we can do in advance booking there is no problem 
in it and being a landowner we are not required to do any expenditure for development? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes, numerous options are available but we will have to choose the best one for us. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
Suppose FSI is sanctioned in our favor, considering 20,00,000 square feet, now you are saying 
2 million square feet, but in your earlier presentation it was 2.8 million square feet, in current 
presentation it is 2 million square feet. So even for this 2 million square feet, at 17.5% which 
comes to 3,50,000 I would like to know will it be our net realization, will we get it completely 
or we will have to do some compromise in that 3,50,000? 
Vikas Kothari: 
It all depends on the deal of the structure; it is possible that we may have to bear the construction 
cost of bare shed and we will also have to bear the premium which is to be paid to MHADA. So, 
hypothetically if the rate in that area is RS. 30,000 per square feet to RS. 40,000 per square feet 
the construction cost of RS. 8,000 per square feet to RS. 10,000 per square feet will have to be 
borne by us and we will also have bear whatever premium comes in arbitration award. So this 
all will go from the revenue and still we will make revenue on it. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
So, when you entered in JV with DB was this condition was not put forward that we are 
providing the land and you do the development, why should we bear development cost because 
normally this is what happens in JV that landowner…? 
Vikas Kothari: 
In joint venture, same condition is there, but he has to construct for certain FSI only. Now, with 
the additional FSI received, they are not going to pay the entire construction cost, they have to 
bear cost for certain FSI and the remaining FSI construction cost, each one has to bear as per 
their share. This is how, our agreement is, with them. 
Jagdish Mundhara: 
Ok. It’s logically, mindful. We were expecting old FSI, as per old agreement, assume 1,50,000 
or 1,75,000 or 2,00,000 was there, DB Realty will get it done through their contractors, as it is, 
without any burden on us. Above that, if there we get 1,50,000 or 2,00,000 or 3,50,000, so for 
1,50,000, we have to pay RS. 10,000, right? 
Vikas Kothari: 
 
Yes. For the additional FSI, we have to pay for premium and construction cost  
Jagdish Mundhara: 
While you were counting eight years-10 years back, RS. 750 crores revenue. After increase of 
FSI and increase of rate in Bandra, it is not RS. 30,000, RS. 40,000 right now, currently hearing, 
it is above RS. 50,000, RS. 60,000, then too, in the PPT, it is showing up RS. 750 crores, you 
should have increase it up. You are displaying the project revenue seven and half years, 10 years 
same amount, repeating again 10 years old after? 
Vikas Kothari: 
These all are also, estimates now. Till the deal doesn’t get concludes, till the revenue recognition 
doesn’t starts, these all, will be remain as estimates, we all can only guess. We prefer to be 
conservative, if it all goes well, it will be good always and it will happen better 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is in the line of Rajneesh Behl as an individual investor please go 
ahead. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
I have some two follow up questions, in your previous presentation, you mentioned something 
about silo projects, so, what are you targeting any projects in future for the silos? 
S.K. Jain: 
Yes, this is S Jain, I would like to question, Silo project, we have taken this year 2017 from FCI 
and the aggregation of land was a big challenge on the location, where the railway station is 
nearby, so the time taken by us, in land aggregation. 20 acre land has been aggregated in both 
the location Bihar and Gujarat, some very small parts of land has been pending for government 
approval or local administrative approval, without those approval, we are not able to launch, 
execute the project and we applied to FCI for the time extension also, as soon as the small part 
of land is aggregated, we will start execution of the project and going forward in two years to 
three years, we hope that, we will complete the project for the 30 years transition period with 
FCI. Now, so we have not covered this in presentation because without land approval, we are 
not able to commit on anything 
Rajneesh Behl: 
And if you get all this project under execution, so what will be the revenue recognition like a 
rough at three-year recognition for like 30 years? 
S.K. Jain: 
The concern agreement is about RS. 50 lakhs each location as a rental for every month, both the 
project combined together comes to RS. 12 crores per year as a revenue and again those interest 
expenses, depreciation expenses and the miscellaneous expenses, can be RS. 9 crores to RS. 10 
crores per year. So RS. 2 crores may be profit in this project for 30 years. After 12 years, the 
profit will be high. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Understood and what is your bid win ratio for the projects, which you are bidding for hydro 
mechanical works and for the Jal Jeevan works? 
Vikas Kothari: 
 
Sorry. What was your question? 
Rajneesh Behl: 
 
What is your bid win ratio like tender win ratio? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes bid win ratio I would say, whatever projects we have bid for so far our success ratio has 
been quite strong. We have, maybe lost out of 10 bids, I would say about 50%. 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Okay. that's very good and like knowing last question regarding this MHADA project because 
this project is being delayed and it will take another five years, six years to sell and do the 
realization of the amount and when you have the tie-up with the DB Realty, which is also like 
going through some tough times and they are also selling their projects. So do you have in mind 
that, you may diversify, like diverse this business, like real estate business and just focus on your 
core business of like EPC and turnkey projects? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Real estate is anyway not our core business. Whatever projects we have, we are right now having 
around historic land bank that, we have had. So real estate is not our focus business and we will 
be just monetizing the current existing land bank and that's it, after this, there will be no addition 
of new land bank. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rajneesh Behl: 
Okay and in this hydro mechanical business what I understand that, when you do the like turnkey 
projects after that, there will be some repair and maintenance work also like AMC, kind of 
business, do you also get that business or you are not in that business? 
S. K. Jain 
I would like to answer this question that, in some projects we do O&M for next three years to 
five years after that, completion of the project and in some project, government award us, only 
for O&M or repair and maintenance. Right now, we have projects like Shahpur Khandi, where 
we have O&M for 10 years, this kind of mix is there, depending upon the project and project 
nature. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Sir thanks for providing the opportunity again, sir. Just a hypothetical question sir. Since the real 
estate is not your mainstay business, do you have any plans to demerge it, for proper value 
unlocking of the company in future, any plans for that? 
S.K. Jain: ` 
No, we have only two projects going on in real estate in one in Kota and one in Jaipur, both the 
projects have been completed. No need of any hurry. We will get the revenue added in our 
consolidated balance sheet going forward in next one year or two years, it will be over and we 
don't need any demerger process right now. Better than, we get a revenue of RS. 3,00 crores to 
RS. 4,00 crores to RS. 5,00 crores to be added in our revenue, a couple with the main core 
business revenue. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. Fine. Thank it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Saraswat, as an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Hi. I wanted to ask on the auditor's qualification, which are reported on the Gurha thermal power 
company limited. Can you throw some light on that? 
S.K. Jain: 
Yes. This project of Lignite based thermal project was taken by some ten years back in Rajasthan 
and government couldn't provide us the access to the Lignite. So, we terminated the contract 
with government and filed an arbitration in the court and the arbitration processes is in, going 
still, and we have claimed RS. 30 crores fees, as a compensation from the government for non-
supplier of access to the plates of Lignite. This is going and we are expecting that, in the next 
two years to three years, this will be sorted out with Government. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
So why has auditor qualified as opinion on this and not on other arbitration for this? 
S.K. Jain: 
Because the investment in Pura thermal, because the investment is roughly RS. 8 crores and 
auditor has qualified that, this amount will be recoverable or not, it's not sure. So last year, they 
had also qualified Bhilwara, Jaipur toll Private Limited but since the final award has been 
received, they removed qualification. This qualification is continuing because the award has not 
been received till now. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Got it. And other qualifications if you can throw some light there are, three qualification, four 
qualification in the auditor's report? 
S.K. Jain: 
Yes. One qualification is on Rwanda project, where we have booked a small invoice in May ‘22 
for some approximately RS. 5 crores but the Rwanda authority changed the parameter of that 
invoice and told that, this kind of engine is not to be supplied. This kind of engine is to be 
supplied. So the invoice which, we raised for RS. 6 crores got partially rejected in March ‘23, 
so we reversed that invoice. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
This is the one, which you raise revised? 
S.K. Jain: 
For the Rwanda authority in Africa Yes. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay. This qualification has been reported first time now? 
S.K. Jain: 
First time. Yes. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, a reminder to our participants. Please press star and one, to ask a question. The next 
question is from the line of Jitesh Jain as a shareholder. Please go ahead. 
Jitesh Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone I have been a shareholder for the last many years of Om Infra and in 
fact very happy, the way, from the revenue of RS. 100 crores, the company moved to about RS. 
700 crores and the last two years I have seen the company management getting quite ambitious. 
So, can we probably expect order book of around RS. 5,000 crores plus very soon? 
Vikas Kothari: 
We are hoping that Jitesh, we are bidding for new projects in NHPC in Arunachal Pradesh and 
Jal Jeevan mineral project in MP and UP. We are hopeful that, we will get addition of RS. 1,000 
crores order book in this year, if the margins are good, we will definitely back the order. 
Jitesh Jain: 
Okay. All the best for this question. 
Vikas Kothari: 
The competition is very fire; we are not bidding on those project. 
Jitesh Jain: 
Okay. And also the new project I saw there is something called as FGD systems, is this a new 
area of business that, the company is looking to get into? 
S.K. Jain: 
Yes. We are exploring in joint venture with some party but we cannot tighten on this kind of 
project, we will be very opportunistic to decide on this project, whether we bid or not 
Jitesh Jain: 
Okay. Anyways all other points are covered by most of them so that's it from my side and all the 
best for the management. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you. Jitesh. 

       
OM Infra Limited 
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, please press star and one to ask a question Ladies and 
Gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Vikas Kothari for closing comments, thank you and over to you sir. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you very much for everyone's participation, we hope that we could answer each and every 
question of all our valuable shareholders as conveyed by me, in my initial speech earlier, we are 
very positive and we've had an astounding growth, in our revenues and we hope that we will 
continue the same going forward, yes, and also, we assure you that, we shall continue to have 
such conference calls without any break. Please feel free to reach out to us for any further queries 
and I'll hand it over to Stellar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen on behalf of Om Infra Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
