- 
Regd. Address 
: Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mills 
~~ 
g 
; 
— MARATHON 
Compatod: 1 J 
od Marg, Lower Parel (W), 
umbai 
- 
A 
Date: 24/02/2023 
To 
The BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
BKC, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 503101 
Symbol: MARATHON 
Debt: 973681, 973682 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY'23 earnings conference call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (0a) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015, 
please 
find 
enclosed 
the 
transcript 
of Q3 
FY'23 
earnings 
conference call held on February 17, 2023. The Transcript is also available on the Company’s website 
at https://www.marathonnextgen.com/ 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
For Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, 
K.S. Raghavan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Mumbai 
Encl: A/a 
MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LTD. 
T:022 6724 8484/88 
CIN: L65990MH1978PLC020080 
702, Marathon Max,Mulund-Goregaon Link Road, 
E 
: marathon@marathonrealty.com 
| 
WEB: www.marathon.in 
Mulund (W),Mumbai 400080 
| 
www.marathonnextgen.com

== MARATHON 
“Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 17, 2023 
Er] 
Co 
., 
 cmonds | 
22 MARATHON 
BY umozsener 
ANALYST: 
MR. BINAY SARDA — ERNST & YOUNG 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
CHETAN 
SHAH 
- 
CHAIRMAN 
& 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR — MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR SHAH — VICE CHAIRMAN — MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. KAIVALYA SHAH - PROJECT HEAD - NEO HOMES - 
MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. SAMYAG SHAH 
— PROJECT HEAD 
- MARATHON 
FUTUREX & NEXZONE - MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY 
LIMITED 
MR. 
S. 
RAMAMURTHY 
- 
CFO 
& 
WHOLE 
TIME 
DIRECTOR - MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
Page 1 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Moderator: 
Binay Sarda: 
Chetan Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you 
to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from 
Ernst & Young. Thank you and over to you. 
Thanks Michelle. Good afternoon to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining 
this Q3 FY2023 earnings call for Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. Please note that we 
have mailed out the press release and presentation to everyone and you can also see the 
results on our website as well as it has been uploaded on the stock exchange. In case if you 
have not received the same you can write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you. 
Before we proceed with the call, 
let me remind you that the discussions may contain 
forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that would cause future 
results performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer our questions, we have with us the 
management 
of Marathon Nextgen represented 
by Mr. 
Chetan 
Shah 
— Chairman 
& 
Managing Director; Mr. Mayur Shah — Vice Chairman; Mr. Kaivalya Shah - Project head - 
Neo Homes; Mr. Samyag Shah — Project Head- Marathon Futurex & Nexzone; and Mr. S. 
Ramamurthy — Chief Financial Officer & Whole Time Director. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past which will then 
be followed with 
a Q&A session. With that said, 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. 
Chetan Shah. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you Binay. Dear investors, good afternoon and very warm welcome 
to 
all the 
participants for joining the Q3 FY2023 earnings call of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. 
Since this is our first earnings call for the analysts and investor community, we would like 
to give a brief introduction about the company and the group before we proceed with the 
operational and financial highlights for the quarter. 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, MNRL, 
is an MMR, Mumbai Metropolitan Region 
based real estate player, listed on Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange. 
Marathon group took over the management control of 1978 BSE listed company Piramal 
Spinning and Weaving Mills Limited 
in the year 2003, MNRL was amongst the 
first 
Page 2 of 17

Bi] 
—— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 17, 2023 
corporates to envision the future of Lower Parel not only as a high-end residential hub, but 
also as an alternate business district. Its first mixed development project in Lower Parel 
consisted 
of 
Eara 
a 
residential 
high-rise 
building, 
and 
Innova 
and 
Ultra-Modern 
Commercial Unit that became benchmarks in the vicinity and is even now hailed as among 
the best projects in that area. Though through this project the company set many new 
milestones, and had created enormous wealth to its shareholders who were rewarded with 
four liberal bonus issues, which currently makes 97% of equity as bonus equity. 
MNRL has 
an uninterrupted dividend history except 
for the two pandemic 
years. 
It 
currently 
has 
more 
than 
7500 
shareholders. 
Under 
corporate 
governance MNRL 
is 
committed to provide and achieve the highest standard of customer service, the vision is to 
provide the customer a product meeting the highest standards of excellence 
at the most 
reasonable price. Our corporate governance practices are reflected of our value system, 
encompassing our culture, and relationship with our stakeholders. 
The Executive Directors are highly qualified and have considerable experience in the realty 
sector. Eminent engineers, architects, chartered accountants, 
are part of the independent 
directors. MNRL has its presence across various segments, a high-rise office spaces through 
our Marathon Futurex a 38 storied commercial project at Lower Parel occupied by marquee 
customers like ZeeTV, L'Oreal, Nykaa, and another 26 storied Marathon Millennium with 
small offices under construction at Mulund. In residential sector we have presence through 
three sub brands, Marathon Monte, Marathon Next and Marathon Neo. Monte consists of 
luxury residential spaces. For example, our joint venture project Monte South at Byculla. 
465 storied residential towers are being built there out of which three towers have already 
been launched. The next brand Nex consists of townships like Panvel Nexzone project 
consisting of 16 towers of 30 plus floors each within 5 kilometres of the upcoming Panvel 
Airport. We have three more towers that are yet to be launched. Affordable housing through 
our Nex category is Neo. Neo category consists of SRA projects at Bhandup and smaller 
units of the Neo Square and Neo Park are examples, and few more are scheduled to be 
launched soon. 
Let me now talk about Marathon Group Promoter of MNRL holding just less than 75% 
stake, more than 74% controlling stake in MNRL has employee strength of more than 800, 
who can carry out A to Z of all the functions of real estate in-house from acquisition of 
land, legal due diligence, planning and design, approval, engineering, material procurement, 
site execution, marketing and sales, Marathon has all of it in-house. Marathon group started 
in 1969 by late Ramniklal Z. Shah, my father and is managed currently by his two sons 
myself Chairman and Managing Director Chetan Shah and my brother Mayur Shah as Vice 
Chairman. Our next generation, my son Kaivalya and Mayur’s two sons Parmeet and 
Samyag are handling various functions and projects independently. All five promoters have 
had their education in USA related to Real Estate and have joined business. 
Page 3 of 17

== MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 17, 2023 
Friends, Marathon group has land banks of more than 
100 acres 
at Thane, 90 acres 
at 
Dombivli, more than 100 acres of slum occupied land at Bhandup and more than 100 acres 
of land at Panvel Periphery, which can be leveraged in a joint venture or joint development 
agreement with listed company MNRL at opportune time. Group's policy 
is to develop 
most of the new projects through listed company MNRL. 
Friends, now let me take you through some of the key operational highlights of MNRL 
during the quarter. During the quarter we achieved a total sales booking of around Rs.271 
Crore. This includes a onetime big sale of 163 Crores worth of office raises given to CDSL 
at Futurex measuring about 46000 square feet carpet area. 
Area sold during the quarter increased to 1.66 lakh square feet in quarter three FY2023 
owing 
to 
primarily 
considerable 
bookings 
from 
the 
Futurex 
and Nexzone 
projects. 
Collection for the quarter where robust at more than 300 Crores. There was an improvement 
in realization price to Rs.19800 per square feet for commercials and Rs.8600 per square feet 
for residential segment. 
Now coming to the financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 2022. 
Revenue from operations increased to Rs.278 Crores in Q3 FY2023 versus 68 Crores in Q3 
FY2022. For nine months FY2023 stood at 546 Crores compared to 141 Crores for previous 
nine months ending 2022. EBITDA increased to Rs.142 Crores for Q3 FY2023 compared 
to 27 Crore 
in Q3 FY2022. EBITDA for nine months FY2023 was 
at Rs.242 Crores 
compared to 70 Crores in nine month FY2022. The EBITDA margin stood at 49.2% for Q3 
FY2023 compared to 35.1% in Q3 FY2022. The company's profit after tax stood at 80 
Crore in Q3 FY2023 versus 7.6 Crore in Q3 FY2022, and Rs.107 Crores in nine months 
ending December 2022 as against Rs.15.6 Crore in nine month FY2022. 
Now coming to the debt position of the company. Our current outstanding net debt is at 883 
Crore and net debt to equity stands at 1.15, which is targeted to be reduced to less than 
1 in 
next two quarters. Friends, we continue to expand and scale our operations and focus on 
profitable growth and in maintaining a healthy balance sheet. We are witnessing strong 
demand across both residential and commercial space, and accordingly we have planned 
various launches over the coming period where we expect healthy response. Also as you are 
aware that Marathon Group 
is sitting on a vast land bank across Mumbai Metropolitan 
Region, which we intend to utilize for development by way of asset light model for MNRL 
such as joint venture or joint development agreement. As such, we believe we are well 
positioned and remain confident of healthy growth going forward. With this friends, 
1 
would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Page 4 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Moderator: 
Gopal Agarwal: 
Chetan Shah: 
Mayur Shah: 
Gopal Agarwal: 
Chetan Shah: 
Gopal Agarwal: 
February 17, 2023 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
the first question from the line of Gopal Agarwal from Aagman Advisory LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Hi! Sir, congrats for your good numbers for earlier quarter. I had two questions actually to 
ask. One, as you mentioned that you have a good land bank sitting on your book. So can 
you just throw some light at how you want to or how do you plan to utilize the same in 
terms of launching the new project on those land banks, and question number two, with 
respect to price trend, can you just throw some light at what is your thought process that or 
what do you think, how this price trend will continue. 
Just to answer your first question about the land bank. As and when an opportune time 
comes whatever land bank is available with Marathon Group, we are transferring it to the 
MNRL. Now it could be by virtue of a joint venture or joint development agreement. For 
example in Bhandup the two projects that we are currently executing, Neo projects, both are 
in a joint development agreement where 12.5% approx of the top line is shared to the land 
owner, which is the group company. So this is how we normally transfer the land bank to 
MNRL and MNRL becomes the developer of the project. The second question, Mayur will 
answer that question. 
Good afternoon. The price trend, which we have seen across the project is quite stable kind 
of thing, but it has increased after the lockdown say 5% to 8% and depending upon the 
project’s completion stage, the same project we have seen in affordable housing segment up 
to 5% 
to 8% 
increase 
for example Nexzone 
in ready position, 
and 
similarly 
in the 
commercial office space we have actually recently seen almost 15% jump for the ready 
products. So this is like, 
it is upward trending and it is kind of more depending upon the 
stage of the project, and the completion level of the project. 
So what I understand that there is a robust demand for the upcoming project, right. 
Yes, that is correct. See what is happening is there is a GST element, which is applicable on 
under construction project. Under construction our customers are whatever they are buying, 
they are paying us some money, and they are paying on top of that 5% if it is a residential 
project, and 12% if it is a commercial project as GST. So normally the purchaser would 
want to try to save that, so they would defer that decision towards the end of the project 
when occupation certificate is obtained, and GST is no more leviable. So that is how the 
situation happens, and that is how the market is working these days. So when you are close 
to finishing an occupation certificate is received the prices jump because there is a higher 
demand. 
Thank you, Sir. I think, 
I have been answered. Thank you so much. 
Page 5 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Moderator: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you very much sir for the opportunity, and many congratulations for the wonderful 
set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand first up you mentioned about the asset light 
model, right. So can you throw some light, 
I mean, so, how you are looking to progress in 
terms of JDA or even it goes for reconstruction the society. So how are we looking ahead 
like if you look at some of the peers like Kolte Patil and all they are looking a lot in terms 
of IDA in the Mumbai region? So how do we look at on these aspects. 
See any real estate company when they want to execute a project, they need capital. The 
difference between regular project where you buy land, where capital requirement is much 
higher against you enter 
into joint venture 
or joint development agreement 
with 
the 
landowner where capital requirement is less. So what we call asset light model is you do not 
end up paying consideration for the land, and that is what we are saying that in Bhandup 
where we have done the two projects, the land consideration is to be paid at the end of the 
project or as you go along the project. So it is a part of the revenue sharing arrangement 
where this happens. So in such a scenario you can do more square feet with less capital and 
that is why asset light model is preferred for companies to show higher turnover at the same 
capital. So that is how things are working. 
No, so 
I understand that the asset light model, 
I just wanted to understand what are our 
plans on it. 
Yes. So, our plans are also as and when a project is ready to be launched, we have a JDA 
with the listed entity, when 
I am saying the land owner which 
is 
a Marathon Group 
company would have a joint venture or joint development agreement with the listed entity 
MRNL and MNRL would execute 
it. So most of the land bank that group company is 
holding is going to be converted into projects at the listed entity level. 
Yes, that is a fair point because that will kind of boost your scale, right. In terms of number 
of project with minimum capital required, right. 
Right. 
So, how do we see the cash flows then, if you have to see over next three to five years, how 
would you look at the cash flows considering the project pipeline that we might have. 
We have uploaded 
a PowerPoint presentation on our website, and we do not want to 
actually give any forward-looking statement here, but if you see those numbers, it is very 
healthy. Currently this financial year in this nine months we have already had a turnover of 
Page 6 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Samyag Shah: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
546 Crore and going forward, we definitely would be achieving about 600 Crore, and if you 
look at the years to come there is going to be healthy growth of 15% to 20% as we have 
already planned from launched project, and not the new project, and on top of that there is 
going 
to 
be additional new projects 
that 
will 
be launched come 
festive 
season next 
Dussehra, Diwali, when some of the Bhandup projects are being planned to be launched. 
But we book revenue post-delivery right. That is the regulation we follow. 
No, see that is the regulation, but from the perspective of paying income tax what we are 
doing 
is, 
we 
are doing percentage completion method. 
So supposing my project 
is 
completed 55%, then 55% of all the agreement value that we have entered in or whatever 
booking we have entered that is recognized as a revenue during that period, and cost of such 
revenue is also debited. So that we arrive at some sort of a profit number. 
Okay, so we are following the percentage completion method, not the delivery method. 
No. We are not doing that. 
And because of the recent increase in interest rate and all. Are we seeing any kind of issue 
in terms of inquiries or even the footfalls or the conversion rate. 
Yes, Mayur will answer that question. 
Samyag here. So our enquiry levels are quite healthy and strong, in fact we had a few 
launches even last quarter and we have seen very healthy bookings over there as well, 
bookings almost crossing 40% of the launched inventory within four or five months of 
launch. So we are not seeing any such slowdown per se in fact what we are seeing is that we 
are growing more in the micro market that we have because of our track record because of 
our delivery being as per customer expectations, we are gaining market share in most of our 
micro market. So as such we are not seeing any slowdown in it. 
To add to Samyag what we have seen is right now the mortgage home loan rate is between 
9.9 to 9.25, if you compare that prior to lockdown was of that range only. So we also see, if 
it does not cross 10%-10.5% at these affordable housing and the loan taking people do not 
really get much affected because of this interest rate hikes, which recently occurred. 
Fair enough 
I got a hang of it, and whenever we go for a project what 
is the threshold 
margin we keep for ourselves in general for any project level. 
At the project level we keep 15% as the margin that is what we are talking about is the cost, 
all the costs put together plus 15% is the sale value. So that is how we work, and what 
Page 7 of 17

== MARATHON 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Mayur Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Chetan Shah: 
Mayur Shah: 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 17, 2023 
happens in real estate is the projects are all spread over three to four years and also if you 
make an asset light model then the IRR values are very high, and that is what is more 
important 
for 
us that EBITDA levels 
will go between 35% 
and 45% looking 
at the 
investment made by the company will be very low. 
So, what effectively you are saying ROC's would be very high for you, but EBITDA margin 
would be in the range of that 15%. 
No EBITDA margin will be between 35% and 45%. 
Depending upon the type of the project for example right now commercial Futurex project 
the EBITDA is between 45% to 50% while next affordable housing Township project we 
have 
the EBITDA 
is 
between 
20% 
and 
25%; however 
very 
high 
volume, 
but 
low 
investment Neo projects, Neo housing, the EBITDA is between 15% and 20%. 
I understood, and in terms of annual bookings, 
I mean, what is the annual booking we are 
looking at this year FY2023 as we speak now. 
FY2023 we have already reached 454 Crore in nine months. So keeping the same trend it 
will probably reach about 600 Crore. 
In square feet I was asking. 
333000 square feet of area that we have booked. 
3.33 lakh square feet of area, and we are looking to grow this at about 15% to 20% right. 
Right, that is how we are targeting ourselves. 
My final question 
is, 
is there any other geographies also, 
I mean, you mentioned our 
majority of land bank is in and around Dombivli, Bhandup, Panvel within the Mumbai, but 
any long-term or medium-term plan to go beyond this. 
Yes, we are looking at some redevelopment projects Mayur will throw some light on that. 
Yes. In the geography I think we are very, very MMR specific your question, we do not 
want to go beyond MMR as of now. But one more category of project, which we would like 
to add is the redevelopment project specifically in a little high value kind of location, let us 
say Lower Parel, Worli and beyond up to South Bombay that 
is our target segment for 
redevelopment of a society, and we have already been negotiating with couple of them and 
hopefully it little bit a longer-term process maybe in years’ time or so a couple of projects 
may fructified. 
Page 8 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Deepak Poddar: 
Mayur Shah: 
Deepak Poddar: 
Moderator: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Mayur Shah: 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
February 17, 2023 
Going for that would be asset light also right because land would be readily available. So 
we would not have to spend anything in Mumbai region. land would be about 60%-70% of 
your cost ideally. 
Yes, that is true. 
Fair enough that is quite helpful, Sir. That is it from my side, all the very best. Thank you so 
much. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Getam from Alpha Invesco. 
Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Congrats on good set of numbers. Firstly I wanted to 
ask question on Futurex. So 
I understand that on Futurex we are still left with 2.3 lakh 
square feet of area to be sold on Fururex is that right. 
Right. 
How much of the area sold till now is recognized on the P&L. 
I will just have a look at my paper. 
Okay, until then on the remaining square feet what we have at Futurex, how do we expect 
the timeline on this and how are the sort of markets looking right now in commercial, how 
are the enquiries coming in? 
Approximately what we have right now, we have reached at almost 35th floor in Futurex 
and there are three more floors yet to be completed. So altogether when we will be ready 
with the full potential we have roughly 273000 square feet to be sold in the future quarters. 
Out of which some of those are already like leasing 
is also going on for the already 
occupancy ready units, and we already have close to 45000-50000 square feet leased right 
now, and there are some talks going on for the balance ready inventory for leasing and 
selling. 
Just answering your question on the Futurex area 117000 is what is not sold and it has been 
part of inventory, out of which as Mayur mentioned 44000 is already leased and there is a 
new product of about 41000 square feet that we have already done, that makes the tally of 
the area that you mentioned about 200000. 
Second question was on our debt. So currently gross debt we are roughly at 800 Crores and 
we 
do understand 
that 
it has gone 
up due 
to the payment and 
the working capital 
requirement. But as we are saying lot of our projects are seeing good sales traction. So we 
Page 9 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Chetan Shah: 
Abhishek Getam: 
Moderator: 
Chetan Phalke: 
February 17, 2023 
expect this number coming down maybe to like 300 Crores, 400 Crores and sort of what 
timeline is that. 
Yes, we are expecting all the debt to come down. We are sort of planning at 20% reduction 
every year over the next four years the whole debt can come down. But you have to 
understand that there are two types of debt in real estate, one is the debt which comes from 
the project. So as soon as the project is completed and sold, the debt get repaid and there is 
another debt which is on the balance sheet, which is not related to any other project. At 
Marathon most of our debts more than 90% of our debt is project related debt. So as soon as 
the project gets completed and sold that debt gets repaid. So that 
is how debt will be 
reduced, but when you take new projects, a new debt will be taken. So on a rotational basis 
that is how the cycle will work. 
So basically whatever project cash flows will acquire that is first go towards reduction of 
debt of that project, and then rest will come to the company, and then how do we plan this 
usage of cash flows. 
So that is the new cash flow that will be available for the company to take new projects. So 
that is where we will be investing in either newer land or initial part of the investment in 
newer projects. 
Lastly, 
if you could throw some light on how do you look at FY2024-2025 of presales 
numbers and if it is possible including and excluding Monte house if you could provide 
that. 
Like 
I mentioned earlier we have already uploaded a future potential of all the ongoing 
projects on our website with the value wise numbers and the square feet wise numbers. So 
we do not want to make any future looking statements; however currently we have already 
reached more than 600 Crores of annual revenue, we are most likely to be reaching 20% 
growth in the top line in the next financial year. 
Yes, sure, that is all from me. Thank you, sir. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Phalke from Alpha Invesco. Please 
go ahead. 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. First of all, thank you very much, Sir, 
for conducting the call and your presentations are really detailed and self-explanatory. 
Please keep it up sir, I mean, we have been tracking this company for quite some time, but 
we always struggle to get the information, so this is really helpful and one more thing, 
I 
have two questions. One is when we checked our ground, our customer feedback is really 
Page 10 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
great, and we really have a great brand name in MMR in building community or let us say 
the consumer community as well, and if we look at our ability to execute and scale up we 
believe that we are definitely in the top ten builders in the MMR region, 
I mean, the 
Marathon group and it looks like the battle is being handed over to the next generation now. 
So I have a specific question for Mr. Kaivalya or Samyag whoever can take it. Sir, what is 
your view on simplifying our corporate structure or cleaning up of the related party debt 
transaction. How do we see that situation unfolding going forward because our parent 
company, which is Marathon Realty Private Limited that is much larger in size. So we are 
just trying to understand what is really happening and what is our thought process on this 
front as we move forward. Thank you. 
Thank you Chetan for all the compliments that you have given us. Yes, we did realize that 
the potential for growth is tremendous, and we have actually not tapped the full potential, 
and that is why all these exercise of IR and others, that we are now executing and giving 
more 
information 
like 
you mentioned, 
transparency has 
always 
been 
a hallmark 
of 
Marathon. So, we have been giving information, but maybe we were not proactive, if you 
had come and asked this question, we would have answered all your questions then, but 
now this is a forum where questions and answers can be raised and answered. So coming to 
simplification of the structure that is exactly what has been happening at Marathon and like 
I mentioned, we are trying to move from all the other projects into the listed entity. Now 
what happens in the real estate is there are legacy land bank that we have already purchased 
in our group companies, and if we try to transfer it there would be a big impact on long- 
term capital gain, and big impact on the stamp duty part. So what we are doing is, we are 
trying to part with 
it in bits and pieces as and when the volume 
is required in the listed 
entity and then when the opportune time for that project has come. Most of these projects 
are being done in listed entity, we are not trying to continue doing any new projects in 
privately held companies. So that is how the structuring is, and it is getting simplified. If 
you see for example one of the company Marathon Millennium the project that we are 
doing, that was a privately held company that has been now become a subsidiary of listed 
entity, and there is a possibility of it merging with the listed entity, so that all the numbers 
come on the top line of the listed entity. So this is what is the exercise, but this exercise is a 
little long. So it will happen over a couple of years, but it is already on. 
Yes, 
sir, we saw that in your recent announcement time when we saw some transactions 
related 
to Swayam and Tambo 
so 
that 
is 
really welcome 
step 
in that 
direction. 
So 
incrementally most of the new projects will happen in listed entity or all the projects will 
happen in listed entity. How should we understand this development? 
Most of the new projects will happen in listed entity already ongoing projects will continue 
happening in the privately held player. 
Page 11 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Kaivalya Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
But no new launches in the private entity going forward. 
Yes, as far as possible. See the question is again there should be a wherewithal for the listed 
entity to have. So either we have a higher equity raise in the listed entity and do much 
bigger project that is also one way of looking at 
it and we are looking at that also. So 
depending on the ability to finance such projects, those projects will be transferred. So I can 
say mostly if not all. 
Yes I was just coming to that only, I mean, till date despite being listed we really have not 
taken advantage of being listed and using our equity as a currency and that is reflected in 
our market cap as well, 
I mean, we can raise 500 Crores just by selling the portion of our 
project but our market cap itself was 500 Crores just like 6, 7, 8 months back. So do we see 
more because we have a strong project pipeline, and we will definitely need more capital, if 
you are to scale up the listed entity. So do we see the need to raise money from equity 
markets at some point of time in future, if not now, whenever our valuation is justified. 
Yes, sometime in the future we would definitely want to look at it. 
Just one last question, just trying to understand our launch strategy, 
I mean, what are we 
thinking in terms of let us say we want to sell as much as during our launch phase or just 
launch and then hold on to the inventory and select an opportune time. What is our thought 
process because usually what we have seen in MMR is there is a temptation to hold on to 
inventory and take the advantage of future price increases, and what is our thought process, 
I mean, is there any number that for example let us say during the launch phase you want to 
clear out 50%-60% of our inventory or we want to sell as much as possible during the 
launch phase or we will take advantage of this. Just trying to understand your thought 
process on that. 
I will just make a brief comment and then pass it on to Kaivalya. See basically we are into 
business of real estate and we are not into business of speculation. So we do not want to 
make more money out of one project, we would rather make more money out of three 
projects and sell as it goes rather than hold on and not sell. So whenever opportunity is there 
and market is there, we keep on selling. However, let Kaivalya throw some more light on 
this. 
Yes. Specifically about your question, every project has 
its own way of launching for 
instance project in Bhandup we sell a lot in terms of our launch. So it could be around 30% 
to 40% is what we sell during launch. Whereas in our luxury we do not sell as much again it 
all depends upon how we want to market it. For example every specific project we break it 
down into multiple smaller projects and then do the launch, it all depends upon the kind of 
cash flow that we want. So to ensure every project has its own percentage in terms of how 
Page 12 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Samyag Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
February 17, 2023 
much we want to sell during the launch, but as Chetan said we are not into speculation, if at 
all we see an opportune time where we feel that we want to sell a huge amount to generate a 
lot of cash flow that is what we would do, and Samyag also would like to throw some light 
on it. 
Just a couple of points beyond what Kaivalya has said, that the general price trends while 
they have increased the opportunity cost of holding it versus finishing it and reinvesting it I 
think we are seeing more benefit in doing the first which is reinvesting the proceeds into 
new projects. So given that we would like to sort of generate the cash flow and put it in new 
projects. However in the last two years we have at least in the mid income in the affordable 
we have seen a lot of commodity prices escalation as well, and there is one thought which is 
there should be some cushion in a specific building or a project where you have a certain 
percentage 
of the 
inventory, 
which 
you just 
sell 
closer 
to completion 
or 
nearer 
to 
completion so that you can maintain your margins in a situation where you have sold 100% 
then if you see a lot of price escalation that can have an impact on margin. So we keep 
balancing between that and whatever helps us maintain our margins while at the same time 
selling well and completing the project faster I think we would go ahead with that. 
Sir at a company level, at a blended level, what kind of margin we want to protect going 
forward let us say at an EBITDA level or any other number that you are aiming for. 
You are talking about EBITDA margin. 
Yes. 
So in commercial segment just to repeat what Mayur had already mentioned. In commercial 
segments we have 45% to 50% EBITDA margin, what has happened is the land has been 
historically bought. So the cost of land is lower, so we are generating about 45% to 50% 
EBITDA margin in commercial project. In the Nex brand, which is affordable segment in 
our Township projects we are making about 20% to 25% EBITDA margin, and in the most 
affordable segment, which is the Neo where the cost of premises is about Rs.60 lakh or 
lower there we are making 15% to 20% margin. So these are variations and then of course if 
you try to do it in quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year the numbers changes depending on the 
progress of the project. 
Sir, I just have one more last question if I can squeeze it in. I have a question on Bhandup, I 
mean, it is a huge project, it can be a potentially huge pipeline for us going forward, I mean, 
it can continue for the next 15-20 years given the size of the parcel and the size of the 
project, and SRA 10 be a big thing from what we understand or from what we read in the 
newspapers, and already we do have a track record of executing the projects in that area, 
and others have not really been able to execute like Marathon. So what is your vision on 
Page 13 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Chetan Shah: 
Samyag Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
Bhandup and can it be a game changer for the company going forward. I mean, can it really 
meet both of our incremental growth over the next decade I am just trying to understand our 
thoughts on the SRA projects and the profitability on SRA going forward. 
Three years ago when we sat on the table and try to work out where the turnovers are going 
to come from in the future, we realized that most of the turnovers in Mumbai real estate is 
going 
to come 
from redevelopment 
projects. Now redevelopment 
projects 
could 
be 
redevelopment of societies or redevelopment of slum and we saw that it is easier to get into 
redevelopment of slums because the parameters are already fixed by the government, the 
size of the flat to be given, the rental to be given, and to be delivered. So all those numbers 
and things are not left to negotiation, while in redevelopment of societies each society is 
independent and in each society there would be 100 people everybody would have different 
thoughts on that. So easier process was slum redevelopment and that is how we entered a 
slum redevelopment process and at currently we have a land bank of more than 100 acre 
which is rightly mentioned by you it can continue for 15 years or so even more. The idea is 
to get that experience in next five years to set up the team, currently we have 800 odd 
employees and our team can actually go into the slum, do the survey, actually talk to the 
people, get the agreement signed, we are not hiring any outsourcing agency on this, that is 
one of the important thing in Marathon, that whatever we do everything has been built in- 
house and we have this ability to do that. So the first few projects are little slower because 
we are building up our capability. But now everything has set into the cycle and things are 
happening on a routine basis. So in Bhandup you would keep on saying maybe every three 
months some projects or one of the phases of each project getting launched. So that is how 
we see the progress happening. As for the margin, yes, the margins are very low. So one has 
to be very careful about selling in advance and delivering 
at 
a future date because as 
Samyag mentioned, sometimes the commodity prices like cement and steel they grow very 
fast and they get into our cost structure at a high level, and the margins get squeezed. These 
are something which gel well with Marathon philosophy of not only generating profits, but 
also doing something for the society, and if you see the project that we have delivered and 
people living there, particularly the rehab building where earlier they were living in slums, 
and the kind of feedback that they give us, that gives us more pride than of course the 
money and money is also there, I am not saying that we are doing it for charity, but that is 
what is the philosophy at Marathon. 
Also to add to it, the biggest advantage that we have in Bhandup also versus other builders 
across Bombay is most of the land is owned by our group company. So in terms of we 
reduce a few steps in the whole process also around the slum rehabilitation we have actually 
developed a whole team of around 50 to 70 people who can actually directly interact with 
the people living in the slum, we have our local offices also in the slum. So in terms of 
gearing up for future projects and development in Bhandup slum we are all geared up to do 
that. 
Page 14 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Chetan Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Samyag Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
Got it, but what is the, I mean, I am not asking for any particular guidance per se, even I am 
not going to hold you for it. But for the next over the next 15 years or so, what kind of 
revenue potential does this project has, I mean, particularly in the Bhandup one. 
It is huge, it is humongous, if you try to look at the 100 acre and try to convert that. If it was 
to be converted today that would be huge. So there is no point in discussing that, but yes, it 
will contribute to 30% of our turnover over the years that is what we feel currently it is very 
small percentage, but it will keep on growing. 
Yes, sir, we tried to calculate that, that is how I am asking this question. 
Yes, I understand it is a smart question one Chetan to another Chetan, yes. 
Just one last quick for Kaivalya and Samyag because I think now over the last ten years the 
Mumbai real estate has its own challenges and went through a down cycle and now things 
are looking brighter comparatively. So, by the end of this cycle, 
I mean, 
as things are 
looking good for the next five to seven years. So by the end of this cycle where do we see 
what is your view for Marathon group where should we in terms of let us say pre sales or let 
us say the square feet launches over the next 5, 6, 7 years and along with Bhandup I have 
been to will we see more projects in the MMR especially in the Panvel region because of 
the trans harbor and other connectivity airports and other info projects, which are coming up 
in that area. 
So the thing is infra is getting developed in Panvel area and the land parcels that we are 
talking about the group has more than 100 acre is within 10 kilometers of the new airport 
that is coming in. New planning authorities has already been established at Nina the airport 
neighboring authority and they have also come up with their future plan. So all these things 
are going to take place in next five years or so, when the airport is also likely to be ready. 
So these will impact that. So we are geared for that, we are not going to be launching 
anything very soon 
in Panvel, and like you mentioned we are looking 
at 
a couple of 
redevelopment projects in the city that is the Lower Parel and further South, South Bombay. 
So if those redevelopment projects come up that will also contribute towards the future 
turnover. If you want to add Samyag. 
Just to add to that, the guidance or the aim so to say has already been given that we would 
like to grow upwards of 15% year-on-year, but 
I think some things that we have also 
learned from the past is that we want a healthy profitable and sustainable growth. So while 
there are a lot of different opportunities having a healthy balance sheet, having profits in the 
project, because real estate has its inherent risks. So having the risk mitigated I think those 
are the broad directional points that we will keep in mind while growing in the future. 
Page 15 of 17

I 
— 
= MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Kaivalya Shah: 
Chetan Phalke: 
Moderator: 
Dev Ajmera: 
Chetan Shah: 
Dev Ajmera: 
Chetan Shah: 
February 17, 2023 
Yes, to add to that also since the time Samyag, me and also Parmeet joined the organization 
we have seen lots and lots of ups and downs, we have seen demonetization, GST regime, 
RERA coming in, COVID. So I think we have seen a lot in our tenure itself and I think the 
three of us are definitely geared up to take it to the next level, that being said we are also 
gearing in terms of the machinery of the organization, we are bringing in the new systems 
ERP, SAP and we are implementing a lot of the smaller software within the organization 
that throughout data using which we can perform better in the coming years. So these are 
some ways in which we are geared up of course we have a land bank at amazing locations 
Panvel, Bhandup, Thane as we mentioned in our presentation. So these are locations that 
cannot fail us ever because these are in the middle of the growth spot which is Panvel, 
Thane and Bhandup. So I feel in terms of machinery is ready and raw materials something 
we have. So I think there is no stopping. 
Great, sir. Thank you, Sir. Thank you for patiently answering all my questions, and I wish 
you all the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dev Ajmera an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Hi! 
Sir, good afternoon. Congratulations for the good 
set of numbers. Sir, 
1 wanted to 
inquire about what is the update on the Borivali property. There was some litigation with 
the government on that. 
Just to brief you on Borivali property, 
it was a part of the property acquired from Khatau 
Mill and it was already litigated when we acquired it. So it was through BIFR that we had 
acquired it and it was already litigated in the sense that government claimed that the whole 
land belongs to government under Urban Land Ceiling Act they had already acquired it, and 
while Khatau kept on saying that, no, you have not acquired 
it 
in time. So 
all these 
difficulties were there. So in that process we 
at our listed entity we have exited from 
Borivali property. So Borivali is not going to be part of our development anymore. 
But in one of your annual reports you said that while the company would continue to 
execute 
as 
a partner on the ongoing Byculla project the company would withdraw 
its 
investment from the Borivali project and let its partner develop the Borivali project. So your 
partner which 
is your JV in the present Byculla project would continue to develop the 
Borivali project also. 
Well whether the Borivali project gets developed or it does not get developed that is not 
something that is our concern anymore, but, yes, now we are not part of it, our partners 
fully handles the Borivali property. While we continue to be partner with Byculla. 
Page 16 of 17

I~ 
— 
== MARATHON 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Dev Ajmera: 
Chetan Shah: 
Dev Ajmera: 
Moderator: 
Chetan Shah: 
Moderator: 
February 17, 2023 
But from that land we get some amount or not. 
Yes, we got, all our investments and everything is back. So we have already collected that 
money that is already reflected in the previous quarter and this quarter also in the notes it 
has got reflected. 
Okay. Thank you, Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Thank you very much all the investors for participating in today's conference. 
It was 
a 
learning experience for all of us, and we look forward to seeing your support in future 
conferences. Thank you. 
Thank you, 
Sir. On 
behalf of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited that concludes 
this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 17 of 17
