 
Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com  
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 
 
 
January 21, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500325 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  
Audio / Video Recording and Transcript of Presentation on Unaudited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2022 
 
In continuation of our letter dated January 13, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the audio / 
video recording and transcript of the presentation made on January 20, 2023, on 
Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022, is available on the Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.ril.com/InvestorRelations/FinancialReporting.aspx. 
The 
said 
transcript is also attached.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: 
as above 
 
Copy to: 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II  
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
Singapore Exchange Limited 
2 Shenton Way, #02- 02 SGX Centre 1 
Singapore 068804 
 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
SAVITHRI PAREKH 
Date: 2023.01.21 
10:39:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q3 2022 - 2023  
Media & Analyst Call Transcript  
 
20 January 2023 20:01 IST  
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
• 
Sh V Srikanth, Jt. CFO, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh B Srinivasan, President, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Kiran Thomas, President, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited 
• 
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited  
• 
Sh Gaurav Jain, Head – Strategy and Business Development, Reliance Retail Limited 
• 
Sh Sanjay Roy, Senior Vice President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited 
 
Duration: 01:00:32 minutes 
 
Presentation Link:  
https://www.ril.com/getattachment/393e1176-e153-4d09-8644-
4fea0691023f/Financial%20Presentation%20-%20Q3%20Results.aspx  
 
Meeting Video:  
https://www.ril.com/InvestorRelations/FinancialReporting.aspx 
• Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:20 (Introduction) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:00:21 – 00:08:10 (Consolidated Financials) 
• Sh Kiran Thomas 00:08:11 – 00:20:38 (Digital Services) 
• Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:20:39 – 00:24:17 (Digital Services - Financials) 
• Sh Gaurav Jain 00:24:19 – 00:43:57 (Reliance Retail) 
• Sh Sanjay Roy 00:44:02 – 00:48:11 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:48:14 – 01:00:32 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:20 (Introduction) 
 
Good evening and welcome to the third quarter financial year 2023 results presentation of Reliance Industries 
Limited. As always, we will start with Srikanth Venkatachari who will give you an overview of the finance 
performance for this quarter. Over to you Srikanth.  
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:21 – 00:08:10 (Consolidated Financials) 
 
Thanks, Srini and Good Evening friends. Starting with the highlights. 
 
Consolidated EBITDA was Rs. 38,460 Crores, which is a 13.5 per cent higher, and it was on the back of 
consumer business strength and upstream. 
 
O2C earnings improved with middle distillate cracks. There has been of course as you know, margin pressure 
on the downstream chemicals which we will talk during the presentation of the business. 
 
Overall, Retail EBITDA was very strong. On the back of store expansion, footfalls were good and there is growth 
in digital businesses. On the digital side, we are seeing strong traction in subscriber growth as well as data 
traffic. And in as far as 5G coverage is concerned, we have now expanded to over 100 cities. And as you know, 
the target is to complete that by December 2023.  
 
Very strong growth in oil and gas segment, almost doubled the earnings there. And finally on the net profits Rs. 
17,806 Crore. It's marginally up on a year-on-year basis constrained of course by finance costs depreciation 
and the special excise duty. So overall, it's fair to say that there has been strong growth across all the operating 
segments. 
 
This zooming in to each of the businesses, retail with Rs. 67,000- 68,000 crores of revenue and close to Rs. 
4,800 crores of EBITDA. That's an EBITDA growth of 25% year-on-year. There has been margin expansion, 
store additions - 789 stores in this quarter taking the total to about 2,400 stores in this financial year. When you 
look at footfalls or when you look at the number of transactions, all on a quarterly basis up 26%. Each of them 
is upwards of 200 million in number. Even the registered customer base at 235 million is up 31% year-on-year.  
 
On the digital services side Rs. 30,000 crores of revenue and close to Rs. 13,000 crores of EBITDA, up 26% 
year-on-year. ARPU at Rs. 178, given the growth in data consumption. Our subscriber base continues to grow. 
We have added 5.3 million subscribers taking the total to 433 million. We have added close to 23 million 
subscribers during these nine months. And strong data traffic close to 29 Exabytes which is again 24 % growth.  
 
On the O2C side, Rs. 1,45,000 crore of revenue, with EBITDA of almost Rs. 14,000 crore. This is up year- on- 
year about 3% but sequentially up 16%. And you know when you look at it from a year- on- year point of view, 
strength in middle distillates has been constrained by the weak margins across polymer, polyester chain, and 
light distillates. Also, as you know, SAED was applicable on diesel and ATF and throughput was slightly lower 
due to maintenance activity in this quarter. But overall demand environment remains pretty strong with oil 

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
growth. That is, I'm talking about India demand growth. Oil 7%, polymer 8%, polyester 11% growth year- on- 
year. 
 
On the oil and gas side, again a very strong performance. EBITDA almost doubling in fact, it's nearly 91% on 
the year- on- year basis. It's on the back of higher realization, now earning about 11.3 USD / MMBTU. With a 
stable production base of about 19 MMSCMD and KGD6 MJ field is on track for fourth quarter of FY23. So, we 
delivered about close to Rs. 4,000 crores in upstream EBITDA.  
 
So, bringing these numbers together. As you can see, EBITDA and revenue have been strong on the back of 
digital services, on the back of retail, on the back of oil and gas. O2C contribution has been positive, this is 
despite the weakness that I mentioned in downstream. 
 
When you look at it at a net profit, you know, marginally higher on a year- on -year basis. Sequentially, it's up 
15%. And when you look at it, year-on-year finance cost has been higher on the back of rate hikes by central 
banks across. And as you know, through FY23, USD rates are up 425 basis points, Rupee rates are up 325 
basis points. So, from our point of view, when you put the context about 36% increase in finance cost against 
the backdrop of these kinds of debts, you know, we have done reasonably well there. 
 
One of the main reasons for that performance comes on the mix that we have of currency, foreign currency 
versus domestic as well as the fixed floating percentages that we have that has helped us to take the impact. 
 
Overall, I would say that this quarter has been driven by strong performance across all our business segments. 
 
This is just a bridge on a Year-on-Year basis. As you can see, the big jump has come from oil and gas 
contributing almost Rs. 1,850 crores, digital services Rs. 2,700 crores and you can see that the retail is Rs. 
1,000 crores. So, these are the big drivers of year-on-year change.  
 
On a QoQ basis, clearly O2C has been the biggest driver of the contribution almost adding Rs. 2,000 crores to 
the increase. This has been supported by with the mid distillate cracks. Had it not been for weak polymers and 
polyester sequentially which has been lower, profitability would have been much higher. Oil and gas segment, 
production has been stable, but the realizations improved.  
 
In retail, it's about footfalls and it's about store expansion, and about festive season.  
 
And on digital services, both the growth momentum has come from customer add as well as lower SUC charges 
that we saw in this quarter. 
 
On the balance sheet side, net debt about a Rs. 1,10,000 crores versus Rs. 93,000 crores in September, largely 
on the back of capex spending for 5G rollouts and as well as we're ramping up our retail operations. And, you 
know, I talked about our efforts in terms of managing the overall liability side from interest rate optimization. And 
I just wanted to highlight that when you look at Rs. 1,10,000 crores of net debt, it is significantly lower than the 
annualized return that we have.  
 
So, for us the focus will continue to be on managing the balance sheet conservatively while continuing to 
accelerate and execute on our growth plans.  
 
With this I am going to request Kiran and Anshuman to take us through the digital services. 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Kiran Thomas 00:08:11 – 00:20:38 (Digital Services) 
 
Thank you, Srikanth, and good evening.  
 
So as Srikanth mentioned, the 5G rollout at Jio is now picking up momentum in just over 100 days we are 
already present through the 5G service in 134 cities across 18 Telecom circles with multiple cities getting added 
by the day. More than 25,000 sites are already deployed with the 5G equipment. And when we talk about sites 
these are we are talking about all six sectors being activated to offer 5G services.  
 
In these markets where we have launched, we are also observing that there is obviously a phenomenal increase 
in the kinds of bandwidth that our early adopters are able to enjoy. We are seeing consistent download, and 
upload experiences in excess of 600 megabits per second. And as also mentioned by Srikanth the plan is to 
complete this rollout pan India by the end of this calendar year that is December of 2023.  
 
Likewise, another exciting frontier being unlocked by 5G is what we are calling Jio AirFiber which is about 
bringing our very popular Jio Fiber which is our optical fiber-based service something equivalent to that using 
the power of 5G the very same services which are already being offered to millions of customers through Jio 
Fiber is now expected to be available through Jio AirFiber as well, the home broadband aspect of it once Jio 
AirFiber reaches your home.  
 
We are already providing seamless Wi-Fi 6 coverage wall-to-wall for all of our customers. We are providing 
them with very attractive fixed mobile convergence offerings everything from broadband as well as the mobile 
services that they can get from Jio as one bundle along with our fiber to home and Jio AirFiber connection. We 
are also offering fixed voice for the home as well as for the societies with multi dwelling units, we are also 
offering Centrex facilities so that all the residents may have an intercom facility as well.  
 
The real hero use case of home broadband remains the large screen in the home, live TV with obviously through 
our setup box. Multiple offerings in addition to live TV, also the over-the-top services all the popular media 
applications being offered as part of that one integrated tariff.  And looking forward again early rollouts of gaming 
and cloud gaming in particular, as well as advanced services through Jio Glass of augmented reality and virtual 
reality with a number of exciting launches being planned in the near future.  
 
Once the home is connected again, there are a number of services that are under the works and looking to be 
launched in the near future. The cloud PC which is offering the power of a desktop or a laptop, through to a PC 
which is hosted in the cloud so that through a very thin and affordable end device consumers can reach into the 
cloud and have access to the full power of a PC being offered to the cloud. Through obviously the broadband 
connectivity and Home Service - a number of services for the home including the home IOT, all kinds of sensors 
and actuators that can be enabled in the home. And of course, things like surveillance so that you can have a 
constant eye on the home even when you are not in the house physically. So, these are just a few of those 
services but the very same power like I said of Jio fiber now and research to be offered to an order of magnitude 
larger number of homes using the power of 5G through JioFiber.  
 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Another exciting thing that we were able to offer quite innovative was really unlocking the power of streaming 
and especially live events. On a streaming basis, which has got tremendous transformative potential, especially 
when combined with the home broadband offering that I just mentioned. Jio Platforms through the Jio Cinema 
offering was the enabler for the FIFA World Cup, which got concluded recently. To talk about some numbers, 
users on the Jio cinema app we had north of 100 million viewers watching World Cup on a streaming basis. Of 
course, 80 plus percent through mobile but also through a number of connected TVs which are already 
connected using home broadband. At the peak that is a completely cloud-native implementation. So, we were 
able to scale very comfortably to north of 12 million concurrent users at peak on any given day. More than 30 
million users coming and watching matches on Jio cinema and the peak through both the cloud as well as our 
Edge network, especially the content distribution network or what is called CDN, which are deployed across the 
country we were able to support cumulatively north of 20 terabits per second of cumulative media throughput 
being offered to viewers across India.  
 
These are records which compare pretty much anywhere in the world and even these are the highest daily 
active users and the peak concurrencies. The concurrency is being seen in India so far. And we are positioning 
ourselves to really beat all of these records comfortably as IPL comes around in a few months.  
 
While I spoke about Jio Air Fiber our optical fiber rollout also continues and we are scaling up quite rapidly vis-
a-vis Jio Fiber as well. We continue to lead the industry with respect to net adds for fixed broadband in India. 
And very encouragingly, the quality of the subscribers are improving on a day-by-day basis. With a much higher 
mix of postpaid customers coming on board and also people who are adopting to use our setup box so that they 
can consume all of the exciting media and other services that we are offering for the large screen.  
 
For some of the help with the faster rollout in small to mid-sized towns. We have also introduced a very 
innovative partner model working with local cable operators and other partners so that they take ownership of 
the rollout as well as ongoing customer engagement in those small towns. While we focus on the much larger 
towns. We are seeing that across the network the engagement is extremely high north of six hours of daily 
engagement on the Jio set-top box. And year on year we have seen 2x growth in the data traffic being consumed 
by the home. So, both in terms of consumption of data as well as time spent, we are seeing very encouraging 
increases on a year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter basis.  
 
When it comes to the enterprise side again of course we are growing our enterprise broadband and enterprise 
fixed-line offerings continue to gather momentum and adoption. But on top of that, we are now building, and, in 
many cases, we have launched a number of industry-specific propositions.  
 
For example, focusing on hospitality as a sector we have created a solution which is what we call air room as a 
service. Everything from connectivity to entertainment to customer management and of course, also helping the 
hospitality provider manage their operations all as a single unified service. Similarly, for the BFSI sector, we are 
offering what is called a branch as a service, which is for a small bank branch everything that is required to 
operationalize it for contact centers again, offering Contact Center as a service in a box that people can 
operationalize a contact center using the application that we are providing on top of the connectivity. When it 
comes to education, similar offerings to enable coaching Institute's end-to-end when it comes to logistics again 
what we call warehouse in a box.  
 
Again, value-added services on top of connectivity. Similarly, there are solutions that we are targeting for small 
manufacturers, for hospitals for schools, and in general work from home of any industry as a horizontal service, 
as well as for large enterprises, managing their entire IT landscape through what we call smart cloud 

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
management, whether it is on premise hybrid or public cloud deployments, all using a single pane of glass 
through which they can control their entire IT landscape. This is a solution of course that we've been using in 
Jio for multiple years now and this is now being productized and made available to other enterprises as well.  
 
So, in addition to connectivity, a number of interesting solutions being now developed on a rapid basis and also 
being offered to the market. One other thing which is very exciting, which goes along with 5G as well as fiber 
offering is what we call Edge Service. As you know as the content consumption rises exponentially, as well as 
real-time applications become more prevalent. Providing these applications from centralized data centers is 
limiting after a certain scale. And what we need are compute resources to be placed much closer to where the 
consumption is much closer to where the customers are. In a data center obviously, we can create a lot of 
sophisticated IT and other environment management capabilities to manage the servers especially when it 
comes to cooling. We can create pretty sophisticated types of cooling solutions in a large data center. But as 
you start going to the Edge to create very small but very large number of such individual sites all with the same 
kinds of IT environment is becoming a problem. To solve that problem. Our engineers have created this very 
innovative solution where we created a server designed in a similar way to how radio equipment is designed 
with very little cooling requirement in fact no cooling requirement. And this can be placed on any rack without 
any of the OPEX or any of the surrounding infrastructure that is required to keep the servers running on a 24/7 
basis. So, this is what we are calling our zero-cooling solution. And these can be placed even hundreds of these 
can be placed in a single room with nothing more than a simple exhaust fan, which will keep the servers cold 
and operational 24/7. So, this is an exciting area which will enable us to roll out Edge locations on a rapid pace 
across the length and breadth of India.  
 
Just let me hand it over to my colleague Anshuman who will talk about both the operating and financial metrics  
 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:20:39 – 00:24:17 (Digital Services - Financials) 
 
Thanks, Kiran. And good evening, everyone. I'm going to summarize the operating and financial results for the 
quarter in this section. Quarterly highlights - Jio Platforms continued with its strong financial performance 
revenue for the quarter came in at Rs. 24,892 crore which was a pretty good 21% increase year-on-year and 
EBIDTA at Rs. 12,519 crore, so the EBITDA margin at the consolidated Jio Platform crossed 50% in this quarter 
RJIL, of course, made that milestone several quarters ago.  
 
Subscriber traction continues to be healthy total subscriber base of 432.9 million so if you just think about 
industry growth rates, we are the only operator really steadily growing our subscriber base quarter after quarter.  
 
ARPU came in at 178.2 Rupees which was a 17.5% increase year on year. Most of the increase over the last 
quarter was primarily on account of higher usage, high consumption, and people moving up on their direct lines.  
 
The data traffic grew further to 29 exabytes for the quarter. That's a 24% increase year-on-year. Per capita data 
consumption at 22.4 GB.  
 
And as Kiran mentioned, we are rapidly expanding our 5G footprint within 134 cities now. Over 25,000 sites 
deployed across 700 and 3500 brands in six sectors. Really the focus now is on the transformative 5G rollout 
and the 5G Jio AirFiber and the 5G Mobility product that's going live with the market.  
 

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Moving on. I spoke about the consistent increase in Jio subscriber base overall subscriber market share 
continues to grow quarter after quarter we've crossed 433 million subscribers this quarter net gains on mobile 
number portability continue and market share in overall broadband basis well over 50%.  
 
Summarizing the key operating matrices for RJIL the connectivity business subscriber base at 432.9 million that 
was a net addition of 5.3 million. Gross addition of 34.2 million during the quarter. The ARPU came in at Rs. 
178.2 total data consumption at 29 exabyte for the quarter with per capita data consumption at 22.4 GB and 
voice consumption at 985 minutes per month. So, all of these matrices have been steadily increasing and been 
fairly consistent for the last few quarters.  
 
The key financials for our connectivity business RJIL; operating revenues increased to Rs. 22,998 crore, which 
was an increase of almost 19% year-on-year. The EBITDA of course with operating leverage growing faster at 
24.9% year-on-year to Rs. 12,072 crore so that's an EBITDA margin of 52.5%.  
 
And the consolidated financials for Jio Platforms limited operating revenues are Rs. 24,892 crore and EBITDA 
of Rs. 12,519 crore, as I said, JPL at consolidated level has crossed 50% EBITDA margin. The profit after tax 
came in at Rs. 4,881 crore, which was a 28.6% year-on-year increase.  
 
With this I'm gonna hand over to Gaurav Jain to take you through the Reliance retail results highlights. 
 
 
Sh Gaurav Jain 00:24:19 – 00:43:57 (Reliance Retail) 
 
Good evening all of you. Let me start the presentation with the operating context in which we operated our 
business. The operating environment has been… now maintaining pretty much at normative levels as the impact 
of COVID has swayed, which means that we have been able to operate all our stores, distribution, fulfilment 
and procurement centres, processing centres, offices, and facilities at pretty much at pre-COVID levels of 
efficiency. So, this has also been evident from the fact that the customers have started to come back into stores 
for shopping. This being the first festive period post the impact of COVID has been… we have seen a sharp 
rise in footfalls and during this quarter, we have seen over 201 million customers who have come into various 
stores. Just to give you a sense of the footfall growth, last year, during the full 12 months we had about 519 
million footfalls as compared to that in 9 months this year, this number is well over 550 million footfalls. The 
shopping habits of the customers with the normalisation of the pre COVID lifestyle has also resulted that they 
have been reprioritizing their shopping missions. We are seeing very strong, balanced growth across all our 
stores as well as digital commerce channels. From macro experience, the consumer sentiments remain 
cautiously optimistic. What we saw during the quarter was the discretionary spend was impacted with November 
being soft and December pick up coming a little bit late due to delayed winters. But all in all, I think the demand 
remained strong in the festive period.  
 
But that said, moving on to the key highlights for the quarter the business, maintained revenue growth 
momentum for the business across all the consumption baskets. We saw growth across all the businesses from 
grocery, consumer electronics, fashion to pharma. Our operating leverage in efficiencies drove EBIDTA margin 
improvement and we continuously deliver strong profit performance.  
 
We continue to serve customers at scale…  our registered customer base 30% year on year, we are well over 
235 million registered customers now. Our customer engagement is strong at 265 million transactions during 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
the quarter that is 30% year on year growth. That translates to nearly 3 million transactions a day which is really 
at a scale considering that we operate across over 7000 cities.  
 
We continue with our store expansion. We operationalized over 789 stores during the quarter that added 
additional 6 million square feet of retail space to our operations. We again crossed a new milestone of 16 million 
square foot of operation area across geographies and formats.  
 
Digital and new commerce businesses continue to remain strong, daily orders have grown 30% year on year 
and our partnerships with kiranas and merchant partners have been one of our big focus areas and that has 
also scaled up 70% year on year. During the quarter we have further strengthened our capabilities and, also 
added to the product offering from our businesses. V Retail which is the Centro footwear, Sosyo and Lotus 
Chocolates were the key acquisitions that we made during this period.  
 
On the revenue side, we delivered a growth of 17% year on year, revenue of Rs 67,6 23 crores. Grocery led 
the pack on growth with 65% growth year-on-year, consumer electronics, excluding the devices part of the 
business grew 45% on a year-on-year basis, fashion lifestyle business grew 13%. There was a little bit of a 
delay in winter which impacted some of the categories related to winter in north and east. The digital and new 
commerce businesses grew that 38% year on year and continue to contribute at 18% of revenue, at similar 
scale to last quarter. From a profit perspective, our EBITDA performance remained strong, we grew 25% year 
on year at Rs 4773 crores our EBITDA margin saw expansion of 40 basis points at 7.9% of sales and EBITDA 
margin from operations saw margin expansion of 70 basis points and closed at 7.7% of net sales. This came in 
from a very favourable mix of Channel Sales, operating leverage in efficiencies. 
 
Looking at growth across the business, we touched the store count to 17,225 stores between the third quarter 
last year and now we have opened close to 2,800 stores, added close to about 20 million square feet of space 
during this period from 40 million going all the way up to 60 million square foot of operating space. So, while our 
expansion the retail side is strong, we have upped the total investments in our warehousing fulfilment 
capabilities as well. So, 17 million square foot of warehouse space went up to nearly double that about 33.6 
million square foot of warehousing space, which is a 3x growth over where we started from a pre COVID period. 
So that is a strong investment that we continue to make to support our front-end growth. From a workforce 
perspective our total workforce stands at 418,000 employees.  
 
Looking at the financial summary our gross revenues at Rs 67,623 crores which is a 17% growth. EBITDA from 
operations is 32% growth at Rs 4,657 crores. EBIDTA margins from operations as I said in the previous slides 
at 7.7%, expansion 70 basis points. Profit after tax is Rs 2,400 crores which is a 6% growth on year-on-year 
basis. So, very strong revenue and profit performance delivered during this period.  
 
Looking at the businesses. To start with consumer electronics, the business had a very strong quarterly 
performance, all time high for those the stores. It was delivered with very high footfalls and average bill value 
as the customer came in with the festive cheer. During the entire quarter there were several events that that 
were planned all the way starting from Diwali to the Black Friday to Christmas and New Year's sales. So, there 
were a very high-level footfalls which also resulted into average bill values through the quarter. 
 
From a Diwali specific perspective, we saw a 40% year-on-year growth, which was led by offer and schemes. 
There was growth across all the product categories, but mobile phones, TVs and appliances really led the pack 
with double digit growth. Our digital commerce revenues grew with orders going up 5x and traffic also growing 
up 35% led by several activations that we did through the quarter.  

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Our own brands and partner brands business that we continue to expand that has doubled during this period. 
We have launched several variants of products specially in Electricals and smart domestic appliances and we 
are also taking these products into new geographies which has resulted in strong traction for these brands.  
 
On the JioMart Digital business, that business grew 55% quarter-on-quarter. Since this is relatively new so the 
reference here is more relevant from a quarter-on-quarter growth perspective. And that has come from the 
growth in mobile phones and large appliances. And our merchant base addition has been 12% up on a quarter-
on-quarter basis.  
 
Moving into fashion and lifestyle business, the apparel footwear business posted its best quarter which was led 
by festive and wedding season. The growth came in across several categories, men's formal, Indian ethnic 
wear, Indian wear, kids wear, and footwear did particularly well. On the winter wear side, there was a bit delay 
in a pickup because of delayed winter. But over the fag end of December, we saw a strong pick up in that 
category as well.  
 
We continue to have focus on strengthening our own brands and brands like Avaasa, Netplay, DNMX, Team 
Spirit have outperformed our other own brands as well as external brands. The contribution of own brands 
between apparel and footwear categories as well is in the range of about 70% and continues to really bring 
uniqueness to our offerings.  
 
Ajio which is a destination for online shopping that continues to grow strength to strength, quarter after quarter. 
This particular quarter was again a big cheer because of the festive sales and several events that went well 
which helped in expanding our customer base by almost a third during this period. The focus on catalogue 
expansion has been one of our big initiatives. We have seen the catalogue grow 62% year on year, now live 
with over 1.2 million options. We continue to add more and more unique brands to our customers with 92 brands 
particularly during this period.  
 
From our partner brands, which operates more in the premium and luxury space, that side of the business grew 
38% year-on-year. The mall stores drove a lot of customer traffic, including new store launches and brands that 
we did during this quarter.  
 
Ajio Luxe which is an online destination for premium products that platform offers over 470 brands and is the 
most preferred option for customers looking at the most trendiest of the clothes and the products across lifestyle 
categories. That business also grew 3x on a year-on-year basis.  
 
From the omni channel perspective, we continue to strengthen our play we have now over 20 monogram sites 
in the partner brand space that are operational. During the period we launched Tumi, Hunkemoller and Pottery 
Barn as mono brand sites.  
 
The Jewellery business has also remained strong during the quarter which was led by festive sales in wedding 
season. We leveraged our design capabilities to launch several new variants of collections. Diamond delight 
went into its fourth edition and Nitara in the kids’ side and the Valley of Flowers for silverware were our strong 
lunches. Dhanteras, which is you, know a big festive period for jewellery buying that saw its best performance 
with 38% year-on-year growth. So strongly play from jewellery businesses as well. 
 
Lingerie business we continue to consolidate our presence across the spectrum of brands between Zivame, 
Amante and Clovia – all put together 62% year-on-year growth across these brands. Our focus has been to 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
expand presence of these brands through new ship in shops and new locations and that continues to do well 
for us. During the quarter we launched several new products ranging from curvy styles, maternity range, 
minimizers and so on leveraging our innovative and innovation-based strengths. On the Urban Ladder, which 
is into furniture and furnishings, that side of the business grew 21% year on year, which was led by two key 
events - Full house sale as well as Very, Merry Sale which, drew 30% higher traffic onto our platforms. Our 
focus on ramping up the product catalogue is evident from the fact that we are now increasing our catalogue 
size to two and a half times on a year-on-year basis. And that is also helping us to improve our customer 
experience because of making a much wider choice of products available to them. In addition to the existing 
product portfolio, we have expanded our presence in the design services side with the full spectrum from design 
all the way to delivery  
 
On the grocery business, talking about the offline and digital commerce. Really grocery was the business that 
really led the growth pack…  65% growth on a year-on-year basis on the back of a double digit like for like 
growth. Very strong customer engagement through our flagship event called the Bestival sale, which created a 
new high for us at 74% growth year on year. Our focus on delivering a unique and improve customer shopping 
experiences is in place as we continue to premiumize our assortment, bringing more wider choice both from 
grocery as well as our non-grocery categories that has continued to also drive our average values across the 
business. The business delivered very well-rounded growth across fruits and vegetables, staples, general 
merchandise, packaged foods, and HPC categories. On the digital commerce business, we saw a huge uptick 
in traffic. Milk Basket which is the subscription service that grew double over period as compared to last year 
as it extended its reach to 20 markets.  
 
On new commerce business, our focus has been to onboard wider set of merchants and that we continue to 
expand across geographies. Our focus has also been to ensure that the level of services to these customers 
especially on product fills and timely deliveries that continues to grow for which we continue to invest in 
improving our supply chain infrastructure, we have added 11 new fulfilment centres during this period.  
 
On the consumer brands business, that business has doubled over year-on-year basis. All categories ranging 
from processed food beverages to home and personal care, all categories have really performed well for us. 
The focus again there has been to bring in products with more regional tastes and preferences and we continue 
to launch a large number of variants across processed foods beverages and spices, products like the Runner 
energy drink and the Joyland masala Kairi are some of these examples of how we have been able to serve a 
specific customer choice in very specific markets. We talked about launching of Independence brand in the 
quarter. That got launched in staples category in Gujarat and that is currently getting expanded into other 
categories and newer geographies as well in a phased manner. We believe, the acquisition of Sosyo and Lotus 
Chocolate will further augment our brand portfolio and help us create very unique offerings to our customer over 
a period of time. 
 
Talking about JioMart, which is the cross category, horizontal platform and that platform did really well during 
this period, especially demand from tier two and beyond towns was really fast as compared to the metro towns. 
JioMart on WhatsApp which was the partnership that was announced last quarter that continues to do well. The 
active customer base is growing 37% month on month, so very strong growth coming there. The order value 
and the number of orders continues to grow, orders have now grown 9x since the launch. So, this platform is 
helping us really democratise WhatsApp reach to and the new customers who are otherwise not being able to 
shop on digital platform. The focus on expanding the offering to the customers is there… we have expanded 
the catalogue… 71% on quarter-on-quarter basis which is also resulting in an uptick of non-grocery category 
contribution going up. And a big part of that is also coming from the seller base which is getting expanded 83% 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. These sellers are small, medium enterprises and artisans which are really helping 
us augment our product offerings in a very unique manner. The Tyohaar ready sale which is the flagship event 
for JioMart in the quarter, that really did well during Diwali, 2.5x growth in traffic, 3 times the app installations 
and four times growth in the daily active users – some very strong performance matrices that we saw during the 
period.  
 
Pharma business revenue doubled on a year-on-year basis across all the channels. The digital commerce 
orders went up 67% and the hyperlocal deliveries for us, which is really the omni channel play, that went up 4X 
during the period as compared to last year. We successfully executed a large number of marketing events to 
keep that freshness and also strong engagement with customers.  
 
New commerce revenues continue to grow. Our operations are now well extended into over 2600 cities. That 
will be all from the retail business. I am handing it over to Sanjay. 
 
 
Sh Sanjay Roy 00:44:02 – 00:48:11 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
 
Thanks Gaurav. 
 
The quarter gone by was a solid quarter in terms of better growth. We have seen a year-on-year growth of over 
91% in EBIDTA, on quarter-on-quarter basis, it has been 23% growth. This is mainly due to the sustainable 
production and higher gas price realizations.  The fields have behaved as per expectations and that it is the key 
driver behind the performance. Overall, the price realisations have also been higher. In the KGD6, we have 
seen a weighted average price realisation of $ 11.3/MMBTU and similarly in CBM $ 20.9/MMBTU.  
 
Even as we continue to produce at a steady pace from the existing fields, we are now quite advanced towards 
commissioning the MJ field. In terms of the wells, we are now completing the wells. A total of eight wells will be 
completed and connected. The Floating Production Storage and Offloading Vessel that arrived in September 
and is at the location. The hook-ups have been done. So, the entire subsea production system has been 
installed and the hook-ups with the FPSO has been undertaken. The testing is currently underway. The marine 
systems testing is currently underway and thereafter the topside systems testing will be undertaken along with 
the pre-commissioning and then commissioning. We expect commissioning of the fields within the span of this 
year. The important facet is that once this production starts, by sometime in FY 24 and within a few months 
later, we should be able to achieve full capacity and therefore, a combined production of 30 MMSCMD. 
  
The global gas outlook remained buoyant and still remains quite robust. We have seen some cool-off happening 
because of milder winter. But the LNG demand in Europe has grown constantly even though there has been a 
slowdown in the Chinese economy due to lockdowns. We have seen the Chinese LNG imports going down by 
13 per cent.  And elsewhere in Europe, the storage is getting much higher to about 83%. Plus, there is some 
higher flow from Norway and then the new FSRUs in Netherland, about three to four of them, are expected to 
be commissioned this year.  
 
However, there remains an uncertainty again because of the geopolitical uncertainties and as well as the 
weather, but we expect demand to be quite robust given, the Chinese demand is expected to come up in 
subsequent months.  
 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
In terms of the domestic gas prices, as many of you may be aware, Dr. Kirit Parekh Committee, reviewed various 
options and then came up recommending the removal of ceiling price for HPHT gas from January 1, 2026. Post 
that should be open market-based pricing. At the current juncture, the ceiling price remains at $ 12.46 per 
MMBtu and revision of price will be expected just before the first half of next fiscal. Overall, price realizations 
continued to be higher and the higher EBIDTA growth is expected with incremental production coming from MJ.  
 
Thank you.  
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:48:14 – 01:00:32 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
Thanks Sanjay. 
 
Moving into O2C let me just give the context about the energy markets in this quarter, starting with the fact that 
crude prices were lower by 12% averaging over $89 a barrel. The fall can be attributed to recession fears in EU 
and US as well as better than expected Russian supply.  
 
Sanjay alluded to the LNG environment, those prices were also down almost 34% around $31 a million BTU on 
the back of Europe being well stocked, and also the winter being mild in the fourth quarter of this calendar year.  
 
On the back of LNG prices, CNG prices also were significantly lower. And you also saw broadly the benchmark 
regional refining margins also lower on the back of lower light distillate and fuel oil cracks, which of course was 
to some extent compensated by the fact that mid distillates were stronger.  
 
So, in essence, this was more about demand concerns, which brought it down. 
 
On the operating side, as we saw revenues of Rs 1,45,000 crore, higher by 10% on a year-on-year basis, the 
same on the quarter-on-quarter, reported on the lower side. 
 
EBITDA close to Rs 14,000 crores, 3% higher on the year-on-year basis and strong 16% growth there. When 
you look at the year-on-year side as far as performance is concerned, you can attribute that to mid distillate 
strength as well as the benefits on the feedstock side.  
 
Of course, very important for me to highlight that it was constrained by significant weakness on the chemical 
side. As you may have seen, polymer margins are anywhere between 26% and 44% lower, and also, on the 
polyester chain margin if you were to see this down 23% year on year. 
 
Also, this quarter was slightly lower on the throughput side and in this quarter, we continue to see SAED charge 
of close to Rs 1,900 crore.  
 
When you look at the performance from Q-o-Q perspective, you know, overall strong growth there, despite the 
weakness that we have seen on the chemical side and mid distillates holding pretty well there.  
 
Also, from our point of view, we did well in terms of using the flexibility that we have in fuel, feedstock 
management, as well as in the broader yield optimization.  
 

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
This is the broader context. If you were to see global oil demand, you know, at about 100 MBPD, marginally 
lower in some way. You know, there is lower demand in OECD countries offset by some increase in the Middle 
East, Africa and Asia, of course without China. When you look at it from a product perspective, a higher demand 
for gas oil and for jet fuel also offset by gasoline.  
 
Otherwise, when you look at from an India perspective, India oil demand, India polymer demand and India 
polyester demand is strong. In polyester we have 11% polymer we have 8% and oil demand up by 7%. So, 
there it is on the back of enhanced economic activity, which we are seeing, infrastructure rollout we are seeing, 
as the reasons for this kind of demand. 
 
Operating rates globally have been slightly lower. And it's because of the winter storm in US Canada in 
December. There was also a strike in the EU, but it was offset by new capacities. On the cracker side, slightly 
lower on the back of planned shutdowns.  
 
So just a bit more elaboration on the oil demand side. So, when you look at the overall product point of view 
gasoline up almost 8% year on year on the back of automobile sales, increase in tourism, mobility, we're seeing 
all of that. On the high-speed diesel demand up 10% on the back of our industrial and mining activity side 
certainly we're seeing demand and also farm side has been pretty resilient.  
 
ATF up 24% - Again there is a strong growth because the non-domestic air travel is effectively above pre-
COVID level. Also, international flights are coming in. So, in a way all these are the drivers for the 7% growth 
that we are seeing.  
 
Individual product side if you were to see, polymer up 8% year on year, and then I would definitely flag the PVC 
that's sharp growth of 25% on the back of demand from both agriculture and infrastructure for pipes. PE and 
PP also 4% growth across sectors. 
 
On the polyester side, 11% up again there two products PSF and PET. PSF is up 16% on the back of higher 
cotton prices as well as seasonality there. PET we are seeing a lot of higher demand on the beverages side but 
also it did benefit from having a low base to compare.  
 
Now when we move to the delta side, you can see this chart is actually falling to the right, which effectively year 
on year has been lower, and quarter on quarter has also been lower. So, when you look at it from a quarter-on-
quarter point of view again anywhere between 5% and 18% lower.  
 
So, in this case it has been more about polymer prices declining between 7% and 15%. But the naphtha as a 
raw material there has seen a fall of only 4%, which has really shrunk the struggling margins.  
We continue to optimize naphtha / ethane given the flexibility that we have and therefore we are able to extract 
more. 
 
On the polyester side, overall, 19% fall on a quarterly basis. Clearly PX and MEG under significant pressure 
because of capacity issues as well as lower demand in China. PTA was range bound and overall polyester 
downstream that was clearly attributable to the COVID situation in China.  
 
Going to the transportation fuel side, you can see on the on the first graph gasoil almost $41 a barrel, which is 
which is almost flat there. But demand was higher by half a million barrels per day. Essentially the cracks remain 
pretty elevated or at the margin the strike also pushed gasoline prices up and while the inventory levels at 536 

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
million barrels is higher but yet it is below five-year averages and to some extent the China export quotas and 
new refinery capacity additions, you know, they have capped the rise there.  
 
On ATF side, demand has been essentially flat. Cracks grew marginally on a quarter-on-quarter basis on the 
back of air passenger demand in Asia Pacific. It was to some extent offset but that really what I have covered. 
Also reduced jet yield in favour of kerosene for winter heating season that also kept the lid on the margins.  
 
And finally moving to the gasoline side, you can see there, the crack rates coming off on the back of the higher 
supplies coming from China and Middle East and also there has been a build-up of gasoline because it is a co-
product of as you produce gasoil, so you are seeing that effect. But overall, we saw the Indian demand that 
remains pretty positive.  
 
This is the operating highlights, throughput essentially normalized after the planned maintenance shutdown in 
September-October that we saw. And from our point of view, we continue to maximize gasoil exports. What we 
also did was, given that there were strong reforming margins, we did two things one, we sourced external 
feedstock and converted them. Also, we optimized aromatics production given the fact that the PX naphtha 
deltas were lower. So, we were able to use it for better gasoline blending economics, so we did that.  
 
Also, we did well in terms of optimizing our cracker on the feed versus fuel economics that I told you about.  
 
Coming to the broader business dynamics, starting with demand side, demand is expected to grow in 2023 by 
1.9 million barrels. And, you know, we think that China demand will improve with the relaxation in the COVID 
restrictions. And polyester, polymer will track Indian economic growth. 
 
On the margin side, the margins will be weak to some extent, so we will build support margin, but there is a limit 
because we are expecting some additions coming on the refining capacity side. And overall middle distillate 
cracks will remain firm, because as I mentioned due to lower inventories, and it is lower than the five years that 
we talked about. And there is this whole impending loss of Russian supplies. Mid distillates are expected to 
remain firm. 
 
Polymer margins is expected to improve with demand coming back from China, USA. Of course, there are 
challenges, which are on the back of rising interest rates and contracting PMIs etc. But those things will remain. 
And also, the possible challenges if China increases export quotas, that can offset some of the fallout from a 
margin point of view, it can have an effect.  
 
Now we are coming to the last slide, this is the summary.  
 
So, as I mentioned, earnings growth has been strong. All operating segments have delivered higher numbers. 
We did a lot in terms of proactively managing resources to contain the impact of policy rates. From the point of 
view of the consumer side of the business of retail has been led by festive demand, strong momentum in e-
commerce, store additions. And you saw a couple slides on every other parameter – the number of registered 
customers, the number of tickets that are all growing pretty well at above 25%. 
 
On Jio side, we continue to see increase in the number of customers, and also on the back of higher and higher 
usage through 5G upgrade that Kiran talked about. Jio True 5G is now available in more than 100 cities and 
our target is to completely roll out by December of 2023.  
 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
We are expecting to KG D6 production technically in 4th quarter, which means that that can increase the overall 
production to 30 MMSCMD in FY 24.  
 
And we have a lot of effort going on the green energy side and the fast-track implementation of the Giga 
factories, and in the coming quarters we will update on the progress.  
 
With this, the presentation comes to an end.  
 
Thank you so much for being with us. Thank you. 
 
 
