 
 
  5 May 2023 
 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
 
Further to our intimation dated 28 April 2023, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
call which is hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-
com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2023/transcript-of-earnings-call-q4-2023.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking you, 
                             
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mphasis Limited  
                                 
 
Subramanian Narayan 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814
NARAYAN 
SUBRAMA
NIAN
Digitally signed 
by NARAYAN 
SUBRAMANIAN

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q4 Full Year FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH DUGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thanks for joining the Mphasis Q4 Full Year FY 2023 
Earnings Conference Call. I am Aman, your moderator for the day. We have with us today Mr. 
Nitin Rakesh, CEO of Mphasis and Mr. Manish Dugar, CFO. As a reminder, there is a webcast 
link in the call invite mail that the Mphasis management team would be referring to today. The 
same presentation is also available on the Mphasis website, www.mphasis.com in the Investors 
section under Financial and Filings as well as on both BSE and NSE websites. Request you to 
have the presentation handy. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in the Q4 results release that has been sent out to all of you 
earlier. I now hand over the floor to Mr. Nitin to begin the proceedings of this call. Thank you, 
and over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you Aman, and thanks everyone for joining us today. I know it's a busy day with multiple 
earnings calls and we appreciate your interest in Mphasis. I trust everybody has had a chance to 
review our earnings release documents. As the global economic climate continues to remain 
uncertain, volatility and business resilience will coexist. While enterprise digital transformation 
remains a core strategic priority for 2023, cost takeout and optimization requirements are also 
in great demand, given the macro environment. 
Strategic tech spends have slowed down, however, haven't been paused. There is sustained 
investment in cloud and digital transformation. Cost transformation projects that will free up 
working capital for cloud, digital and consolidation are a priority as clients optimize through 
increased productivity, automation and other software-driven transformation initiatives. In a 
recent survey conducted by McKinsey, 75% of the CIOs said that they intend to increase their 
organization’s spends in cloud, data and digital.  
Given the digital transformation journey underway post-pandemic, there is a rising percentage 
of CIOs increasingly focused on variabilization of cost structures, unsurprisingly so, given the 
current environment. There is a greater scrutiny of spends leading to elongated sales and contract 
conversion cycles and tightening of discretionary spends. Buying preferences are likely to 
continue to favor transformation partners for digital-led change with the vendor consolidation 
emerging as a theme in cost take-outs. We have proven frameworks to play in both these buckets. 
Our zero-cost transformation framework where we fund the digital transformation agenda by 
providing guaranteed cost savings outcomes to clients, is finding good traction in this 
environment.  
Over a six-year period from FY '17 to '23, our revenue journey is marked by several aspects 
attesting to the firm's scalability. The contribution of the DXC revenue as a percentage has 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
declined to 4.5% in FY '23. Despite the decline, we sustained double digit revenue CAGR 
trajectory over this period. Our revenue CAGR for Direct over this period is 15.6% in constant 
currency terms. The quality of revenue is improving as it moves towards Direct business on the 
back of scaling up multiple marquee logos. We've also set up multiple new engines of growth 
with newer verticals such as TMT/High-Tech, Healthcare, Logistics and Travel. These have 
become meaningful to overall revenue share complementing our historically strong presence in 
the BFSI segment. We will detail that further in our subsequent sections. We've also more than 
doubled the number of $10 million and $20 million customers in the same period. Our quarterly 
average net new deal signings have moved up 3 to 4 times from that in FY '17. Our FY '23 EBIT 
is nearly 2.5 times what it was in FY '17 as well.  
Our Q4 FY '23 revenue of $412 million represents a decline of 3.1% year-over-year in constant 
currency impacted by DXC and the mortgage business. Direct revenue at $390 million declined 
3.4% sequentially and 1.8% in constant currency terms Y-o-Y in Q4. Direct ex DR declined 1% 
Q-o-Q and grew 7% Y-o-Y reflecting the head-winded environment related to historically 
elevated inflation and interest rates. This has particularly been acute in the mortgage segment. 
On a full year basis, our Direct business grew 12% year-over-year in constant currency, dragged 
down by the mortgage business. 
Direct ex mortgage grew 19.6% in FY '23. Direct business accounted for 94% of our overall 
revenue in FY '23 and 94.6% for fourth quarter FY '23. DXC's contribution to our revenue is 
3.8% as of fourth quarter FY '23. The mortgage business has continued to experience a perfect 
storm in Q4 FY '23 as well, hammered by the trifecta of trajectory of rates, consumer price 
inflation and sluggish home sales, even as leading banks prepare for recession in 2023. While 
mortgage rates have started to decline, the market remains hyper-sensitive to interest rate 
movements with purchase demand experiencing large swings relative to minor changes in rates, 
leading to a freeze-up in activity in residential real estate markets. 
Contribution of Digital Risk, our mortgage BPS subsidiary, now stands at 6.8% of Q4 FY '23 
revenue, down from 8.8% in Q3 FY '23 in reported INR terms. We've also seen the softening of 
house prices in the recent quarter, limiting our ability to drive home equity line of business, 
which is usually countercyclical to the overall origination service line. Our core service line, 
enterprise applications constituting more than 70% of revenue grew 23.6% in FY '23 in constant 
currency terms for Direct business. The BPS segment which suffered from a downturn in the 
mortgage segment declined 16% with the Y-o-Y decline in this segment increasing through FY 
'23 as we felt the brunt of the mortgage decline in the last two quarters of the financial year. 
Our anchor geography, US grew 12.6% constant currency year-over-year in FY '23. Excluding 
mortgages, the US business grew 22.4% for the year. Rest of the world segment, primarily India 
business, grew 14.3% in FY '23 Y-o-Y albeit off a small base. Direct applications growth stood 
at 7% year-over-year in the fourth quarter FY '23. We saw tightening discretionary spends and 
lower contract conversions. Rest of the world grew 18% year-over-year in this quarter in Direct 
while the Y-o-Y decline in BPO widened to 32% due to mortgages. Most of our focus segments 
continued to grow, driven by wallet share and market share growth. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Moving to vertical performance, our mainstay vertical BFS in Direct continues to fare well 
growing 24.1% ex-mortgages in FY '23, though 9% on overall basis, weighed down with the 
mortgage declines. Our smaller and newer verticals such as healthcare are growing quite well 
reflected in the 31% revenue growth in FY '23 in the Others segment. The TMT vertical also 
grew strong double digit in FY '23 at 17.4% with sequential impact primarily from the DXC 
revenue decline in Q4 over Q3. 
While growth rate in insurance has lagged, impacted by client specific issues, TCV wins and 
pipeline in this vertical look healthy and we remain focused on expanding our portfolio of new 
clients as well as wallet share with existing relationships. To ensure scalability and facilitate the 
next phase of growth, a realigned verticalized go-to-market structure has been implemented for 
FY '24 with the following principles in mind: Aligning the GTM organization along verticals to 
drive better sales synergy, especially as we focus our energies on deepening our wallet share and 
market share with our named account strategy for existing and new clients, as well as to enable 
scalability and repeatability with a vertical focus to overlay the tribes and squads-led 
competency model so that we can create repeatable deal and delivery templates to accelerate 
deal cycles as well as to expand leverage available within account cohorts mindset. This is 
already enabling us to see new growth opportunities and retain our hi-touch service delivery 
model with clients. 
With the vertical-based go-to-market model, we can bring vertical and industry points of view 
to bear, consolidate capabilities and learnings within a vertical across accounts and cross-
pollinate more effectively as we seek to further expand our proven account mining template to 
the NCA accounts. Our Top 10 clients grew 8.6% in FY '23, weighed down with the mortgage 
business pressures in the past two quarters. On a consistent basis over the past three years, top 
clients have grown well with a 20% plus three-year revenue CAGR. Notably, our Top 11 to 20 
clients grew 19% for the year, indicating a strong positive impact that our account mining and 
the new engines of growth are having on broad basing of our growth. 
Our new client revenue continues to grow rapidly, growing at 39% year-over-year in FY '23. 
The NCA segment contributed 22% of FY '23 revenue. We recorded TCV of $309 million of 
net new deals won in the fourth quarter of FY '23. Included in this is a $150 million large deal 
from a new client. In FY '22, we had a mega deal of $250 million that contributed to the total 
TCV of $1.4 billion. Our FY '23 net new TCV is at $1.3 billion and we continue to consistently 
maintain a run rate of $300 million plus TCV wins per quarter. 
Our large deal wins continue to increasingly come from newer verticals and new clients. Despite 
strong TCV over the last few quarters, our pipeline is up, suggesting that our pipeline generation 
engine is also firing well. We will cover that shortly. We generated a reasonably high percentage 
of our TCV through proactive deal pursuits where win rates are materially higher than in 
competitive RFP situations. 95% of our deal wins were proactive in fourth quarter of '23 and we 
closed 10 large deals in FY '23. As we report our TCV on a net new basis excluding renewals, 
we find the correlation between Direct TCV and revenue growth at 0.8. It's reasonably good but 
has declined recently due to the DR ramp-downs and some slower ramp-up deals impacting 
TCV to revenue conversions. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Coming to our client metrics, our track record in migrating clients from one revenue bucket to 
the next continues to be steady. We had additions to the count of clients in $5 million, $10 
million and $20 million plus categories on a year-over-year basis. On a Y-o-Y basis, we added 
one client each to $150 million plus and $200 million plus categories as well. As we mentioned, 
we won 10 large deals in FY '23, two of which were over $100 million TCV each. Our average 
large deal size in FY '23 is $61 million, double from where it stood three years back. 
Almost all of our pipeline is Tribe-driven and is up 9% quarter-over-quarter and 35% year-over-
year despite conversion from pipeline to new sold TCV in the last four quarters. Pipeline is also 
well distributed across verticals. While BFSI continues to generate the highest share of the 
pipeline at 36%, it is still reasonably lower than the BFSI revenue contribution. The non-BFSI 
pipeline is disproportionate to its revenue contribution suggesting that our investments in 
generating pipeline aimed at aggressive growth diversification beyond our anchor BFSI clients 
is working. Our non-BFSI pipeline has increased by 52% year-over-year. Our pipeline is also 
well distributed across key themes such as data, modernization, cyber security, Agile ops and 
platforms. 
Expertise in these themes is evident in our tribes as we've discussed with you in the past. That 
being said, as mentioned, we are seeing lengthening of sales cycles in converting pipeline into 
TCVs due to greater scrutiny of tech spends, though our win rates are holding steady. This 
translates into a potentially strong position with deal wins, as these deals move to fruition over 
FY '24. Coming to our financial metrics: Our margin philosophy affords us the flexibility to 
manage our profitability in the phase of revenue headwinds. We're extremely pleased by the 
resilience of our profitability metrics. 
In this quarter and for the full year FY '23, our EBIT margin stood steady at 15.3% within the 
stated band. This has resulted in operating profit growth in line with revenue growth. Operating 
profit growth for FY '23 stood at 15.4% in INR terms while for the quarter, it was 3.6% in Q4 
FY '23 over Q4 FY '22. Losses in cash flow hedges impacted margins in Q4 FY '23 by 
approximately 80 bps. Our EPS for the full year at INR 87.1 represents a 14% year-over-year 
increase while our fourth quarter EPS at INR 21.5 grew 3% Y-o-Y. Cash flow generation for 
FY '23 at slightly above $ 200 million, adjusted for one-offs, stays solid at almost 100% of PAT. 
In summary, we rounded off FY '23 marked by a duality of performance- above industry 
performance in Direct ex-DR at 19.6% constant currency, while the mortgage business declined 
over 32% in FY '23 resulting in an overall direct growth of 12% in CC terms in FY '23. We 
sustained our wallet share gains in BFS. BFS ex-DR, grew 22.6% in FY '23. We have reasonably 
strong deal wins of $1.3 billion in FY '23 and some of our smaller newer verticals such as 
healthcare have scaled up and are approaching the $100 million mark on an annualized basis. 
Despite the accelerated decline in the mortgage business, our EBIT margins at 15.3% stood 
steady through the year and within the stated band, resulting in EBIT growing at 15.4% in INR 
terms in line with revenue growth. Tighter focus on utilization, fresher deployment and some 
increase in offshore leverage helped margin performance. Our operating cash flow adjusted for 
one timers stood at nearly 100% of net profit. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Coming to FY '24 outlook, we enter year on the back of an expanded pipeline. Cloud, digital 
transformation, cost optimization and consolidation type opportunities characterize the pipeline. 
While we expect to have a soft start to FY '24 as we deal with some slowdown in BFS, including 
a client-specific issue, and delayed contract conversions in this environment, we expect Q1 to 
be characterized by stability across segments with strong sequential growth starting second 
quarter onwards, which will result in a rising Y-o-Y growth through FY '24. For the full year, 
we expect to register at least industry average growth in Direct ex mortgage. 
Good news in the mortgage segment is that we have started building up a pipeline and crafting 
new deal constructs. We have seen green shoots of activity with some deal closures in the recent 
weeks. As this plays out through FY '24, the mortgage segment, we believe, is close to bottoming 
out and we expect this segment to be incrementally stable through much of FY '24. There is 
potential for volumes to increase in the second half of FY '24 based on macro impact softening, 
as well as due to the nature of this segment in late stage of an economic downturn, where the 
possibility of rising delinquencies create opportunities for trading of loan books, leading to 
higher servicing and diligence volumes. We are also driving greater offshore leverage in the 
business in this segment of mortgages compared to before ensuring that we are able to tap into 
newer segments of work with the same clients, as well as expanding our wallet share. 
We also have visibility to the DXC segment and are jointly aligned on a continued relationship 
with an expectation that this segment of our business will stabilize while we look for additional 
synergy opportunities. We will update you further as we progress this engagement over the next 
few weeks. On margins, we retain our message of margin stability expecting to hold EBIT 
margins in the 15.25% to 16.25% range in each quarter of FY '24. 
We'll open the call for questions. And operator, if you can line up the questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. Hi, good morning. Nitin, I probably missed this but excluding DR, is it still a decline on a 
sequential basis. And second thing is, I think one of the calls we had yesterday I think suggested 
a freeze on spending by a few customers and that could sort of come away from post the end of 
Q1. Are you seeing a similar trend? And finally from a Q1 perspective, do you think what you're 
seeing on a run rate basis, can Q1 also be a decline? And finally, if you could just based on your 
experience, I think if you compare with COVID and now, we have seen a much sharper sort of 
two quarters of decline versus COVID. So, contextually, what are you seeing different in terms 
of client behavior. If you just give some sense on all these. Thank you so much. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So Nitin, in terms of Direct, was the question, Direct ex mortgage, is there a sequential decline, 
is that the question? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Correct. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
There is approximately 1% sequential decline in Direct ex mortgage, predominantly driven by 
some of the issues that we saw crop-up in March and some ramp downs that led out of that issue. 
Your second question around is there a spending freeze. I think it depends, the answer is more 
nuanced. If you look at banks that are more Wall Street oriented, there is definitely 
reprioritization of spends because the activities haven't picked up, especially on the investment 
bank and the trading side or more on the corporate side. On the commercial retail, asset and 
wealth, I think their environment is much more BAU and stable and we are still continuing to 
see demand there, as such, we haven't really seen so to speak, freezes but of course, depending 
on what the situation with each customer is, there's definitely some element of reprioritization.  
Of course on the regional banks where there are impacts, we've definitely seen significant issues 
crop-up and ramp downs that obviously are baked into some of the numbers you see and some 
of the guidance you see. In terms of your question around Q1, as I mentioned, I think in our 
minds, the quarter is really a stabilization quarter, bulk of the decline in mortgage seems to be 
behind us. We'll just have to kind of make sure that the volumes hold up. And probably Q1 is 
going to be a bottom quarter from that perspective. In Direct ex mortgage, we definitely expect 
certain uptick in Q1, but again, I think the environment is a little bit hazy, so we are expecting 
at least from Q2 onwards, the strong sequential growth in Direct ex mortgages. 
I don't know if I missed anything from your question list, but that's kind of the environment right 
now. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. The last one was on some contextualization, on the COVID period versus now, because 
you're seeing two quarters of decline, in terms of client behavior and what do you actually think? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, I think COVID impact was a little bit different sectorally. There were sectors like airlines 
and hospitality that really got impacted for a long period of time whereas e-commerce and 
financial services actually had a pretty strong pick-up very quickly given the excess infusion of 
cash that came through multiple initiatives, especially in the US. So, I think it's a little bit apples-
to-oranges. I think the common theme though is that the tech investing super cycle that started 
in favor of cloud, data and application transformation, legacy exit, tech debt reduction, and now 
AI, I think that cycle has continued to keep pace. Of course given the tightening of budgets, I 
think clients are looking for ideas to re-prioritize cost takeout into change programs. 
So I think overall budgets being flattish, they’re really looking for ideas to re-prioritize internal 
spends. And that’s where a lot of this deal making that we’ve talked about is happening. To give 
you an example, the greater than $150 million deal that we signed with a new customer is in 
BFS and is in the nature of the zero-cost transformation type deal where we are squeezing the 
run cost, gaining wallet share at the expense of other providers in that account. It's a new account 
for us. So, we're obviously gaining share there and reprioritizing a lot of the spend and that 
comes through savings into a modernization program. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
That’s very helpful. Thank you. All the best. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Thank you. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, two questions, both on revenues, mostly an extension of the previous one. So, in the fourth 
quarter as you spoke about slight decline. And now you're guiding for steep decline behind us 
in terms of mortgage business. So, first is, now on you expecting Q1, Q4 revenues to be flattish 
or should we assume a steep decline in Q1 as well before stabilization returns in Q2. That's only 
for mortgage business. And then on the Direct side, now there is some, what should I say, there 
is some commentary, commentaries are different across various companies. So, to that extent, 
what are we expecting from our clientele in 1Q. This is on ex-mortgage type business. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sure. So I think the quantum of decline that we saw in Q3 and Q4 is definitely behind us. We 
are not expecting that quantum of decline in Q1. I think the question is are we at the bottom or 
are we near the bottom. I think the answer is, we are definitely near the bottom and we probably 
get a little better idea over the next few weeks on whether Q1 is the bottom or Q4 was the bottom. 
I think the quantum of decline will definitely, even if there is a decline in Q1 in the mortgage 
business, will be a fraction of what it was in Q3 and in Q4 in absolute terms. And the reason I'm 
not able to give you a clear answer is because volumes go up and down.  
Mohit Jain: 
 
That is clear enough. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
To give you an example, right. When the mortgage rates came down to around 6%, January 
volumes picked up quite dramatically and then they dropped off again in Feb and March. So, 
that's the volatility that we're seeing in that business. Also some very short-term delinquency 
type issues create immediate opportunity. So, I think we are very focused on those, but I think 
the short point is that the quantum of decline will definitely be a fraction, small fraction 
compared to what we've seen in the last few quarters.  
On the non-mortgage Direct business, I think the key metric I will point to is the continued 
expansion of the pipeline and the fact that we are still able to consummate large deals where 
we're actually creating these opportunities proactively, I think we are fairly confident in retaining 
our win rates, which we have actually maintained through Q3, Q4 despite the environment and 
as we see green shoot of stability even in BFS, we've seen good uptick of deals. The fact that 
our pipeline is 35%- 36% higher than last year and the win rates are stable means that we are 
actually setting ourselves up for fairly significant TCV against over the course of FY '24. 
So I think that's the best way to think about the environment right now. Of course it is hard work 
to close those deals and it's even harder work to close them and convert them to revenue, but I 
think the activity while it may slowdown, hasn't really that paused that much. So that's the silver 
lining so to speak in the current environment as well. 
Mohit Jain: 
So as a take away, you are not seeing any slowdown in, say, business closure, deal closure for 
2Q as well, that $300 million that you spoke about sort of continues at a similar momentum. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Mohit Jain: 
And second thing is that the TCV which we won last year, FY '23, but because of conversion 
being slow, we could not convert into revenues. Do you expect in FY '24, what happens to that 
actually, does it become order backlog, which will flow through in FY '24 or do you think that 
is something, which could be lost?  
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. No, it is not lost, it definitely goes into the backlog and I think I explained in the last call 
as well, sometimes you sign a 12-month $20 million deal and because of the ramp slow down, 
it becomes 18 months, $20 million deal, but it doesn't disappear. 
Mohit Jain: 
So in 2024, revenue growth should be slightly faster than the TCV growth in that sense? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think let’s wait for the next quarter or two to declare victory but the backlog definitely adds 
up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.  
Ankur Rudra: 
It is clearly a tough quarter. I wanted to get a sense. Nitin, how the demand, billings and bookings 
evolved through the course of the quarter. Was it consistently bad from January and February or 
did you see this more later in the quarter in March, which is why you're pointing to the weakness 
in the first quarter. That's the first question. 
The second question is, you've highlighted, you've obviously seen continued and sustained 
signing success, very good signings momentum despite the revenue softness. Is there a certain 
level of signings that you need for Mphasis to stay at the same place on a quarterly basis. For 
example, you highlighted how it's been $300 million or so on a quarterly basis. Is there a 
minimum $100 million, $150 million required just to sort of overcome the melting iceberg 
problem that we have every quarter. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So Ankur the answer is two parts. Firstly, at least on the mortgage side, things definitely got 
tougher through the quarter, because as I mentioned, January was a bump in volumes given the 
new mortgage rates were at or below 6% and home equity line was actually quite robust, but 
both of those, kind of, had a ramp down through the quarter. 
On the TCV side and on the Direct side. I don't think there was any perceptible deterioration 
barring obviously the two weeks in March where there was significant re-prioritization of just 
executive bandwidth in dealing with some of the issues. Some clients were seeing massive 
inflow of funds so they had to divert all their resources into on-boarding customers and doing 
KYC and making sure the systems are holding up. Some clients were having significant 
outflows, so there were obviously different set of challenges there. 
I think in terms of, if I look at the trend of TCV closure, I think the fact that we were able to 
close two large deals and one of them at $150 million plus basically, and I think many of those 
activities continued through the quarter. There wasn't any perceptible deterioration, so to speak. 
I think the bulk of issues that we've seen in the last two quarters compared to the peer group 
really came out of the mortgage business. Last quarter we had sequential growth in Direct ex 
mortgage. This quarter we had a minor decline, not unusual given the environment. So I think 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
from the melting iceberg perspective, what we really have to do is focus on making sure that this 
mortgage decline and the DXC decline gets under control and that's exactly what I mentioned 
that we think we are very much near the bottom, if not at the bottom in the mortgage business 
and we definitely have visibility to DXC stability at or around these levels for the foreseeable 
future based on just the nature of our engagements. 
On your question around what's the minimum TCV required to sustain. I think we've consistently 
done $300 million plus, that's I would say, a good benchmark to think about and as the leakage 
in mortgage drops off, even though the Y-o-Y comparisons will still be tough for a few quarters, 
definitely the sequential number will start looking healthy again and that's the reason why we 
are indicating strong sequential growth in the Direct ex mortgage business as well as potentially 
improvement in the mortgage revenue as we progress through the year. So think of Q1 as 
stabilization and really making sure that we are plugging that leakage and hopefully bring the 
growth momentum back as we continue to convert deals and revenue. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Just last question. I noted your statement about expecting very strong sequential momentum 
from second quarter. What gives you the confidence right now that level of visibility that 1Q 
will be the bottom and you will see growth momentum restart from 2Q. Anything specific from 
clients committing to start these dates. Obviously the environment remains uncertain. I know 
that's beyond your control. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think that will link back to the previous answer. I think, we had $10 million plus declines in 
both quarters just from mortgage and just plugging that leak itself will give us the springboard 
that we are looking for and that's the visibility we are looking for in Q1. 
Secondly, I think we talked about the backlog, we talked about conversion of closed signed deals 
and we've obviously looked at the pipeline and have an expectation of how we will progress 
some of those deals especially with existing large relationships where we have a better handle 
on how that plays out in terms of closure and conversion. So I think it's a combination of those 
two things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Manik Taneja: 
Well, part of my questions already been answered in response to Ankur's question. I just wanted 
to get a sense on what are you seeing with one of your large customers on the logistics side 
which has decided to target significant cost savings as well as in-house more work or ship more 
work in-house with the setting up of the new captive in Hyderabad. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think again not to go into specific client items but the two themes that continue to resonate 
including with the customer that you are referring to without naming. Firstly, we are actually 
very, very strongly positioned when it comes to being the transformation partners. You also 
noticed there is not just a cost and a captive conversation, there is also a significant reorg of the 
whole tech and infrastructure estate that they run across the org. And I think we are the chosen 
partner for that and have been for a period of time. In short, the wallet share gains there have 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
been strong and I think confidence comes from also the fact that we continue to align towards 
spend areas that they prioritized. And many of our peers within top accounts continue to actually 
get deprioritized purely based on the alignment with transformation program. So I think our 
confidence comes from the position we have in many of our top accounts. The forward leaning 
tech driven change agenda that we are driving and the close alignment with executive priorities 
as they work through their own internal change programs. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And one last one basically on the change in org structure. You basically referred moving 
towards verticalized based GTM structure. Is this is in contrast to the account-based retail 
structure that we followed in the past and the merit that you have spoken about that particular 
structure. If you could help us understand what's driving us to change this GTM going forward. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think, firstly, we are not going away from a named account strategy because that is very much 
part and parcel of the way we drive our account planning and mining template and the success 
that we've seen in our Top 10 and 11 to 20 accounts. The reason to do a realignment rather than 
reorg, I used the word realignment of GTM is because there is now merit in taking smaller 
accounts, for example, within BFS that will gain a fair amount with this account cohort mindset 
because the priorities and the patterns of problems and solutions within BFS are very, very 
similar even though they're powered by the same tribes and squads. 
So if the common element earlier was the tribe and squads and the solutions layer, we've created 
another common element of account cohorts because there is leverage to be gained, time to be 
gained, repeatability and scalability to be gained, as we look at these accounts cohorts to be from 
within the same verticals. So think of this as a blend of an account-based high touch structure 
with a very deep understanding of what that account needs and how we plan to run it and mine 
it and combine that with of course the success that we've had in opening new logos and now 
scaling those logos with the learnings we have in the large accounts. I think that's really where 
this is coming from. 
The change is not drastic because a number of our large accounts were already in BFS for 
example, but the change is a little bit more focused and it will give us an opportunity to also 
double down on areas where, from a vertical standpoint, we weren't able to see those patterns 
and hence you would probably see a little bit more incisive growth mindset in some of the 
verticals outside of BFS as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from Reliance Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Mitul Shah: 
In initial remark, you highlighted that your non-BFSI deal pipeline growth is 55%. So within 
that, can you highlight which verticals to which segments will be much more growth and sharper 
or faster recovery. And second question, if you can give some more light in terms of geography-
wise outlook. These are two of my questions. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think outside of BFSI, just by sheer size of the vertical, Hi-Tech/TMT has the biggest pipeline. 
We have also seen green shoots of recovery in the current calendar year in that business. Last 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
year was a tough year. While the Q4 headline number shows a decline sequentially, in Hi-Tech 
that's largely driven by DXC as I said in my comments. So I think if I look at just sheer size of 
large deals, Hi-Tech is probably the one that definitely is leading the charge but there are also 
interesting deals in travel and logistics. 
We just talked about the situation with logistics. I think that’s also sitting right there. And as we 
build up the healthcare unit, we also think there are opportunities there that have emerged while 
we closed some very strong TCV in healthcare in the last 12 to 18 months, that’s also something 
that is representative. But I think Hi-Tech, travel and logistics are probably a bigger share right 
now, just given the size of those businesses. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, question on geography-wise. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. Sorry about that. I think from BFS, most of our exposure in Europe is BFSI, so there’s 
definitely been some knock-on impact there and hence you’ve seen a little bit moderation in 
growth in Q4. Pipeline actually in Europe has also increased. We do have some very large deals 
that we continue to work on. For the year, we definitely have double digit type visibility into 
growth in that region. Our growth in rest of the world, primarily India has been very strong, 
healthy double digits and we expect the healthy double digits trend to continue in that segment 
as well. So that’s sort of to give you a little bit of a sense of the non-US side. Of course, for our 
overall Direct business to grow in line with industry, the US has to grow ex-mortgage. So I think 
that’s kind of where we stand on the geo breakup. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Couple of questions. First about just some comment about the vertical growth trajectory. If I 
look at insurance, insurance remained weak for some time for us. If you can provide some sense 
what is currently going on in insurance because we had hoped for growth, but it has so far not 
played out in terms of recovery in that vertical. Second thing is logistics. Even though Y-o-Y 
growth is good, but for last four, five quarters, you can look at, it is very flattish kind of 
performance. 
So after a good run, when we used to club it into emerging separate it out significant growth 
trajectory, now it is flattening out. So whether it is challenges in broad basing growth perspective 
compared to a large client that is what creating issues or how one should look at this growth and 
over medium term, how we expect it to be more secular growth trajectory. Third question is 
about growth. I think you said FY ‘24 would be Q2 onwards growth. But do you think we can 
have a positive trajectory of growth in FY ‘24. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Dipesh, let me take those three in the order that you asked that question, I think you’re right, 
insurance has underwhelmed us as well, specific to a large client issues that has gone through 
some significant corporate restructuring activity, but we won two large deals in insurance in the 
last two quarters and as they start to ramp up starting late Q4, early Q1, we’ll definitely see 
sequential growth popping-up in insurance in Q1. With this vertical realignment, that’s one of 
the byproducts of that will be hyper growth laser focus on each of these segments which is the 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
reason why we actually created a realignment to create these account cohorts that we can then 
drive growth in. 
In terms of your question on logistics, definitely we had some headwinds, given the restructuring 
and slowdown in e-commerce, not just across one customer, but across actually a broader group, 
but some of that has definitely been countered by the growth in our travel and airline business. 
We definitely think FY ‘24 is a growth year both on a sequential basis as well as on Y-o-Y basis 
and I think part of the issue for Q1 will get solved when we convert the pipeline, but we definitely 
are well placed with both travel as well as transportation and logistics for FY ‘24. Again, I think, 
as I mentioned, we’ve actually gained quite a bit of wallet share even with larger relationships 
in that segment. And I think your third question was around, can you remind me please. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Full year growth. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think, as I mentioned right, Q1 stabilization definitely means focus on sequential growth. 
In our Direct ex mortgage business, full year growth is definitely visible as I mentioned at 
market. Even in our BFS non-mortgage business, full year growth is visible. Question is whether 
it will be at market, can we push it higher. I think there’s a little bit more uncertainty to work 
through there. Other segments definitely full year growth is visible. 
So I think it really will boil down to from a headline perspective, as we stabilize the mortgage 
business, if we are able to find sequential growth, then I think you will see strong sequential 
growth across the headline number as well. On a Y-o-Y basis, because of the mortgage drag that 
continued through the year, you still may find a little bit more muted Y-o-Y numbers for overall 
business but the silver lining there as I mentioned is the fact that the closure conversion and 
pipeline continues to be strong. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Ashwin Mehta: 
So Nitin, consolidation and taking wallet share through zero-cost transformation in large 
accounts is one of the key drivers of our growth. So what are the trends there across verticals 
and is there a decision making slow-down there as well. And secondly, we have a significant 
exposure to our top 10 clients. Any client-specific issues to call-out and how material are these 
from an exposure perspective. And then I have a follow-up. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sure, Ashwin. I think, as I explained, deal making is happening. Deal origination is actually 
happening much more at a robust pace because there is extreme amount of openness and 
willingness from a client to hear a story how on we can construct a transformation thesis without 
actually asking for fresh funding. And I think that has definitely opened-up a whole series of 
opportunities. It's not that we were not taking this solution to market in FY '21 or FY’22, it's just 
that the enterprise segment was so flush with spend money at that point that they were more 
focused on spending than saving. As that has become a lot less challenged, there is high 
visibility, a high acceptability for constructs that create this mechanism as evidenced by the large 
deal that I just talked about. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
So I think that definitely has legs, there is repeatability and scalability in their archetype. And 
you combine that with the new focus that a lot of our clients have on creating productivity by 
using tools like AI and co-pilot, that actually becomes another interesting wedge into creating 
modern engineering practices led deal archetype. Still early days for that one, but I think that 
will become really serious contender in the next couple of quarters. So I think the cycles are 
little bit more elongated. I would say more elongated from a conversion to revenue standpoint 
than from just pure deal standpoint. I think the deal environment is still fairly conducive for us 
to continue to create and close deals and that's also reflected in the pipeline numbers I shared 
with you both Y-o-Y and sequentially. Your second question? 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Any client specific issues. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think, if you look at the top 10 clients, I think obviously there is a fair representation of 
BFS in there. I think we did talk about specific clients that got hit in March. So as a metric, the 
Top 10 metric will probably get a little bit challenged in the short run, but that's the reason why 
11 to 20 growth and NCA growth is really what we will continue to focus on as we have done 
in FY '23 as well. And that's why I think the non-BFSI pipeline growth is also very much being 
driven proactively. So I think some of these metrics will get a little bit skewed as some of those 
issues come into play, at least in the very short run, but good news is, there is no wallet share 
loss in any Top 10 customer across the company. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Sure. And just one follow-up for Manish. Manish, we have seen material hedge losses on the 
revenue line. How does that look from an FY '24 perspective. 
Manish Dugar: 
Sure, Ashwin. We follow hedge policy of getting cover visibility to the next four quarters and 
then declining percentage as we go to the second year. A lot of the cover that we have taken last 
year for the next four quarters were kind of significantly challenged when we saw a significant 
appreciation in dollar in a short time. Good news is, a lot of that has kind of got consumed and 
as we get into Q1 and Q2, we should exhaust all of that to almost 100% by quarter two. 
So if the spot remains in the 82, 82.5 zip code, we will start seeing near zero impact of hedge 
losses in the books and that would mean an expansion in the bottom line from where we are 
today when we are taking a charge of almost INR 28 crores for the quarter. We have also 
consciously kept the future quarters a little less hedged; one, because of the uncertainty and more 
importantly, because the forward premiums have come down significantly because of significant 
reduction in the gap between the interest rates in India versus the interest rates in the US. 
So that also gives us an ability to kind of benefit from further appreciation in dollars. So in short, 
two quarters that we saw losses of INR 29 crores and INR 28 crores, which should come down 
as we go forward and we should get closer to the spot rates as long as the spot remains in that 
zip code and does not depreciate significantly. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
So Manish, in that light and given the utilization scope that we have, why are we guiding for 
more like flattish margins and not an improvement. Is it to kind of expand spends on the selling 
side of things? 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Manish Dugar: 
No. Ashwin, our guidance is 15.25% to 16.25%. And as you know, we are currently at 15.3%. I 
think it would be fair to say that we expect reported margins to go up certainly this year versus 
what we saw last year, driven by, one, improvement in utilization and fresher deployment and 
second, the gains of exchange coming in. Because the revenues declined, we were not able to 
benefit fully in our margins in quarter four. 
So while the gross margin expanded to 27.4%, we would have expected it to expand more and 
some of it got eaten away because of the revenue decline impact that we had to absorb and also 
because the revenue drop leads to lower operating leverage because absolute expenses in S&M 
and G&A remains kind of constant. We saw that the G&A percentage went up. So as we go 
forward, when the revenue growth comes back and we start seeing that operating leverage and 
expansion, we feel more confident about expanding from 15.3% upwards. What that exact 
number will be it’s difficult to say, but it should certainly be more than 15.3%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Three questions if I may. The first is on the top customer. In the growth, can you just give us 
some color, was there any specific ramp up of project, what drove that. The second is, I wanted 
to get a sense on the portfolio of Blink UX, we had a great capability, but exposure to BFSI and 
Hi-Tech. So what you're seeing in that market from a demand standpoint would be helpful. And 
the third question is on the employee number. The deduction that you seen, is it largely voluntary 
or is there involuntary component in that as well. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Sure. So I think on the large customer, I mean, again, not to get into specific client commentary, 
I think there again is a wallet share gain play that we've talked about over the last 12 months. 
You can expect that from a wallet share perspective, we will continue to have very strong 
position there. Whether that spend continues to hold-up, if there is any fluctuation, we'll probably 
find out over the course of next quarter or two, but from a positioning standpoint, from a spend 
standpoint, we feel fairly confident that our position remains strong there. 
Secondly, on  Blink, I think bulk of that client base is Hi-Tech even, within Hi-tech, it's more of 
a FAANG group. There was some slowdown in the last couple of quarters, but we've seen in the 
recent few weeks aligned to what you're seeing in their earnings there actually has been a pretty 
decent uptick in deal closures and there is definitely visibility to continue sequential growth in 
that segment of the business as well. Not to mention that we've already seen significant benefits 
on both synergy revenue and synergy deals from that business in the last 12 months. In fact, the 
influence on deal wins have actually been very, very strong because the whole point was to use 
that as an arrowhead to drive larger deals in our existing client base and that also has happened. 
Manish Dugar: 
Nitin, the other question was on attrition. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
You want to take it? 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Manish Dugar: 
Yes, I can. So Abhishek, we had kind of tightened our recruitment and looked at utilization with 
a very, very rigorous and intense lens. We haven't let go anybody, we haven't had any 
involuntary attrition. All of what you see is a reduction because of voluntary attrition, which we 
kind of manage to not backfill by recruiting from outside, but by deploying people from within, 
a large number of which were fresher deployments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So first question, can you give some color in terms of our exposure 
to regional US banks that may lead to any new client-specific issues and that is the reason we 
are calling out the first quarter BFS being soft and if yes, will it bottom out in the Q1 or that 
softness will continue beyond Q1 as well. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think as it stands today, we already saw some hit on that in March. And on a run rate basis, that 
will definitely show up in Q1. Again things might change because that's a very fluid position, 
but we already gave out the fact that our total exposure is low single digits. So that should give 
you some sense on what the impact can be. Obviously, we're not expecting it to fall off to zero 
either. So definitely, we think that Q1 is probably the biggest hit there. And after that we should 
definitely see stabilization on a sequential basis. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Shethia from AUM Fund Advisors. 
Please go ahead.   
Harshil Shethia: 
Hi sir, what is the percentage contribution of mortgage business in the current quarter, which 
was 8% last quarter. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think I mentioned that in my remarks. It is 6% change. 
Manish Dugar: 
6.8%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead.  
Shradha: 
Hi, just one question on the mortgage business. So what is the mix of origination and home 
equity in mortgage for us. I think last quarter we had called out home equity portion might still 
be vulnerable even though there might be some stability in the home division part of mortgage. 
So what is our view on the business segment within mortgage now. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Shradha, you are very difficult to hear because I think there is some disturbance on your cell 
phone. Is the question, what is the current mix of home equity versus the rest or is the question? 
Shradha: 
Yes. Home equity versus origination in mortgage and what is the view on the home equity 
portion? 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So I think about a third of the business continues to be non-origination, non-diligence based, so 
that's kind of where we are at the end of Q4. That, obviously, mix was very different two years 
ago where home equity was almost non-existent for us. Does that answer your question? 
Shradha: 
Yes. I think last quarter you had indicated that the home equity portion in mortgage could be 
vulnerable and that home prices in the US can start cracking up. From that perspective, how do 
you see the home equity portion playing out now? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think, Shradha,  it is better to think about it as a composite. I think we talked about the fact that 
the bulk of the decline is behind us and we are definitely close to the bottom. The internals of 
the outlook, I think we've seen some impact on housing prices translating into volumes already 
in the last three months in the recent quarter. I think at this point, it does look like we might be 
able to stabilize the overall business between all the service lines. So I think I'll just leave it at 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Nitin, we'll take the last question, that is the text question from the webcast, which 
is from Santhosh Nigam from SM Wealth. Question is on future growth and new business 
verticals. Is there any new technology company is inventing? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think I've already answered a lot of the growth-oriented questions around outlook for the year 
even at the segment level. So I won't repeat that answer. I think the question on our new 
technology is probably in relation to all the buzz in the market around ChatGPT and AI. Mphasis 
has actually been one of the leaders in this space for the last few years. As early as FY '19, we've 
actually had our own machine learning platform and we've also incorporated earlier versions of 
GPT as well as GPT4 into those algorithms. 
These algorithms are available for consumption on the AWS marketplace for the last four years. 
We have algorithms on Quantum computing as well that are already available, using quantum 
simulators. So I think our tech-first approach really definitely is helping and is giving us the 
ability to continue to craft solutions based on some of these new technologies that have now 
become mainstream. I think the biggest takeaway from the ChatGPT revolution is that it's now 
mainstream boardroom topic and that gives us the ability to actually continue to drive 
conversations and deals. The two primary areas where we're seeing adoption of these cutting-
edge new tech areas, one is in what we call modern engineering practices and developer 
productivity, which is again, an opportunity for us to take more wallet share from our 
competitors if we are able to actually align our client's software development and engineering 
practices more towards using these tools. 
And the second is in areas that have a significant automation element for example, contact center 
automation, using digital self help and chatbots, as well as in creating agent productivity using 
ChatGPT or large language model for which also we have a deal archetype and we'll continue 
to make further announcements as we expand in that segment, but we are very actively 
participating in those areas as well. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
So we have one more text question that has just come in. It is from Athreya. R from iThought. 
Could you please talk about the M&A strategy at this time. Are we looking at anything in the 
near term? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think difficult to answer the timeline, but I will take that question as I can answer it which is, 
M&A is very much on our execution path. We've constantly looked at deals, especially in the 
recent quarters. We have deals under consideration, we have deals under diligence and 
potentially as we expand our outlook given the current environment, we will also get a lot more 
strategic in looking at using M&A as a tool to expand our growth and diversify into new verticals 
and new geographies as well. So all of that is in our consideration set for FY '24 and again, hard 
to confirm when a deal will happen, but we are hopeful that in the current financial year, we 
should be able to consummate a transaction or two. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Nitin Rakesh for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you all for your time and your interest. We look forward to talking to you next quarter 
and we will continue to drive responsible growth. And I believe it's a long weekend, so take care 
and enjoy the long weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mphasis Limited that concludes this 
conference. If you have any further questions please reach out to the Mphasis Investor Relations 
at investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 0E65416E-7FB3-4875-94B5-777B1C259814
