ELDECO 
Date: 17.02.2023 
Department of Corporate Services 
The Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, C - 1, 
Dalal Street, 
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051 
BSE Scrip Code-523329 
NSE Symbol- ELDEHSG 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, February 14, 2023 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is with reference to the intimation dated February 9, 2023 made by the Company about the 
Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Tuesday, February 14, 2023 
at 3.00 p.m. 
IST. A copy 
of 
Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith. 
The 
aforesaid 
Transcript 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.eldecogroup.com 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
Chandni Vij 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No. 
: A46897 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Ltd. 
  
Regd. & Corp. Off. 
: Eldeco Corporate Chamber-1, 2nd Floor, Vibhuti Khand (Opp. Mandi Parishad), Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 
Tel.: 0522-4039999, Fax: 0522-4039900 E-mail: eldeco@eldecohousing.co.in Website: www.eldecogroup.com 
CIN 
: L45202UP1985PLC099376
CHANDNI 
VIJ
Digitally signed by CHANDNI VIJ 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=5342, 
pseudonym=6654bf6b4fcd7874018c37a0f5d6fc1a56df
5eda378472c78c0aac8344c211b6, 
postalCode=226016, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=74f0f260c4860dd16088d4c1b5f8fea533
25d3e968e31189a9c9e1c63ab7bc32, cn=CHANDNI VIJ 
Date: 2023.02.17 17:31:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited  
Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANKAJ BAJAJ – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MANISH JAISWAL – GROUP COO 
 
MR. KAPIL SALUJA – FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day, and welcome to the Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bhatt from E&Y. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Abhishek Bhatt: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. Before we proceed to the 
call, let me remind you that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in 
conjunction with our business risk that could cause future results, performance or achievement 
to differ significantly from what is expressed and implied by such forward-looking statements. 
Please note the results and presentation are available on the exchanges and on the company's 
website. Should you need any assistance to receive them, you can write to us, and we'll be happy 
to send them over.  
Today, we have on the call the senior management of Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited, 
which is represented by Mr. Pankaj Bajaj, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Manish 
Jaiswal, Group COO, Mr. Kapil Saluja from Finance and Accounts, will begin with the 
highlights of the quarter, followed by Q&A.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Bajaj. Over to you, sir. Thanks, Abhishek. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Thanks Abhishek. Good afternoon. I would like to welcome everyone to Eldeco Housing and 
Industries Limited Q3 FY '23 results call. Let me begin with a few comments on the real estate 
market, after which I will discuss operational and financial results for the quarter and nine 
months December 2022.  
Residential real estate experienced robust rise in demand last year, fuel the reduced loan rates 
and demand from clients looking to upgrade their house. Despite rising interest rates and house 
prices, demand for housing has remained strong in the present year also. If you look at a 10-year 
period from, say, 2012, the CAGR and house prices in India, also the volumes have been quite 
muted. In this background, we feel that the demand side will remain strong in spite of the recent 
spurt in prices and volumes.  
Similarly, in Lucknow, the demand for housing remains high. The Lucknow real estate market 
has progressed from a state of stagnant inventory to one-off supply scarcity. Supplies reacting 
to the demand with the lag, primarily due to the time required to assemble new parcels of land 
and the one-year approval cycle. New products are taking their time to hit the market. This is 
also reflected in our third quarter performance.  
During the quarter, the company handed over 1,09,214 square feet of 100 homes successfully 
registered, compared to 84 homes sequentially. The quarter collections remained at INR 38 
crores, with sales bookings at INR 22.3 crores. The area book for the quarter was INR 47,443 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 3 of 11 
 
square feet compared to 2,56,190 during the same period last year, owing primarily to 
considerable bookings from our Imperial project in Q3 FY '22. All our existing projects are 
developing well in terms of execution, sales and collections. And we are confident that we will 
complete them all within or before the RERA time line.  
Going forward, as previously stated, our selling focus is on boosting supply to meet the rising 
demand. We are gradually expanding our land bank and between April '22 and December '22, 
we purchased a total of 16.52 acres of land. We were able to increase a beneficial share of the 
Bareli projects from 40% to 50%. Furthermore, we intend to launch two additional residential 
projects in Lucknow by the end of the current financial year itself. We are also in early term 
sheet stage negotiations for two additional projects that will be launched in the coming financial 
year. This gives us a sense of future growth and allows us to plan for next year's launches and 
so the rise in demand.  
The revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR 30 crores in Q3 FY '23, compared to 
INR 42.7 crores in Q3 FY '22 and INR 32.9 crores in Q2 FY '23. The revenue from operations 
for the nine-month period FY '23 stood at INR 90.4 crores compared to INR 97.9 crores in nine 
months FY '22. The EBITDA was at INR 12.2 crores in Q3 FY '23 compared to INR 17.1 crores 
in Q3 FY '22 and INR 9.6 crores in Q2 FY '23.  
EBITDA for the nine-month period ended 31, December '22 or at INR 33.1 crores. The EBITDA 
margin stood at 40.7% for Q3 FY '23 compared to 40.1% in Q3 FY '22 and 29.1% in Q2 FY '23. 
The company's profit after tax stood at INR 10.5 crores in Q3 FY '23 and INR 29.5 crores for 
the nine-month period ended 31, December 2022, respectively.  
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. If there are any questions. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Monica Arora from Globe Secure Advisors. 
Monica Arora: 
So just want to ask a couple of questions, like I can see that you are building on your suppliers. 
So when can we expect that this would start in contributing to the cash flows? And what would 
be the rough estimate of these cash flows, like how they will convert into our revenues? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
I missed the first part of your question, Monica. What is the question about? 
Monica Arora: 
Yes. So I was telling that I can see that you are building on your supply. So when can you see 
the cash flow out of those supplies? And what would be the rough quantum of these cash flows, 
basically? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
It's there in our presentation. We have in the slide, which says Forthcoming Projects. We are 
going to launch the number one land, there in Eldeco Imperia Phase II. And number four, Eldeco 
Latitude 27. So they are going to get launched as soon as, so we have already received the main 
approvals from the local body, now we have to get the environment clearance and RERA 
registration. It's a four, five-month process, but there's a lot of pent-up demand for these projects.  
Together, they have about 9 lakh square feet. and that's a sale value of INR 300 to INR 400 
crores. Apart from that, we have a couple of other projects also which are also a decent size for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 4 of 11 
 
it. So total about INR 800 crores of sale value is expected to be launched in the next 12 months, 
depending on how quickly we can get the approvals. And we expect that the booking value on 
launch itself should be at least 50%. So that's the plan for the next 12 months. Obviously, it takes 
some time for that to get executed and to get recognized in the books and revenue. That's going 
to come with the lag over a year or year and a half after that. The supply pipeline is getting 
activated as we speak. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
I just have two questions. One on the forthcoming projects that are given to be launched. How 
much land bank is left after removed this project? Or you can say other way, how much million 
square feet area can be launched on the projects which are not like part of this forthcoming 
projects? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So the forthcoming for is total is about 1.5 million, as you can see, and another 1 million or 1.5 
million, which is in early stages, which we are not disclosed in the forthcoming projects because 
it's still early and the land have not been taken over, the approval, etcetera. So total about 2.5 
million to 3 million is there, trying to note that. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
That also includes the 16 acres that you have purchased? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
Yes, that includes that. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir, and second question was on the restructuring project, you have another promotor and KPI 
also looking at NCR, can you get a thought on what you plan to do? What you plan to do with 
the restructuring so that the incentives are pretty aligned and companies become a larger 
company? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So that's a thought that often crosses our mind and we've been questioning about that in the past. 
The thing is that merging two real estate companies is a lot of regulatory stuff. So that's what 
we're trying to figure out whether it is worth it or not. Because you have to take multiple 
approvals from the concerned RERA bodies and their stamp duty implication. There are costs 
and benefits. We are not yet decided. At the appropriate time, if something works out, we'll take 
it to the Board and obviously disclose it then. But at this stage, premature to make a comment. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Can you also give some forward-looking estimate or thought process of your, how you see the 
market for the Lucknow and Kanpur belt in terms of price movement? Because if you compare 
the price prices of North India, South and other parts of NCR is quite low. Even in Tier 2 cities 
in India, they have received a very good prices. So any thoughts of yours on how you see the 
per square feet rate of Lucknow-Kanpur belt? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Good question Niraj. The first part of the question, the demand supply dynamics are totally in 
favour of the supplier right now. There's a lot of pricing power that good brand now come at. So 
I touched upon that in the opening remarks that stagnant kind of situation, but now it's a supply 
scarcity whether new products are not coming for various reasons. And that is also getting 
reflected, I think, it's somewhere there in our presentation, that our average realization used to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 5 of 11 
 
hover around INR 3,500 a square foot traditionally over the last four, five years. But in the last 
one year, it has gone up to INR 4,500 square foot, which is a jump of nearly 25% to 30%.  
So that means the improvement in realization per square foot in weighted, and that's weighted 
average across product. And we feel that this is -- this trend is there for some time. I don't see a 
correction happening in this ride. And I think that the coming year will not only see increase in 
realization, but also increase in volumes subject to our being able to launch the projects that we 
have tied-up.  
So both are looking good. The pricing is going to rise definitely because the current prices are, 
and another trend which is which is reinforcing this is the gravitation towards branded 
developers. So the market is willing to pay a premium, and also the gravitation towards an 
upgrade of houses, which also means that people are not that interested in affordable housing, 
they want a higher-end of the product, which also means higher realization per square foot. So 
we think these are both strong trends and are not likely to get reverse very soon. So we feel that 
prices are going to rise and the volumes obviously are going to rise. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And sorry, I’m pitching, one more question. See, you use to have 40%, 41% margin on EBITDA 
side. Because the price hike, do you see that the EBITDA margin moving up in say next two, 
three years because does it reflect in your income statement when they start computing? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
The question is that the EBITDA margin is going to improve further. Is that the question? 
Niraj Mansingka:  
Yes. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I would not bet on it because on the same side, we also have higher land prices and higher input 
costs that we are contending with. So there has been a well-documented inflation and input costs. 
It is possible that some products, the plotted development and horizontal development would 
have higher EBITDA margin. But at the same time, the group holding projects don't have these 
kind of EBITDA margin.  
And Niraj, one more thing, if you notice, these are some of the highest margins in the industry. 
Bottom line that we do for our top line is other companies do about 3x the top line to get this 
kind of bottom line, because our EBITDA margins are very high. I don't know if there can be 
further improvement in that. Only if the product is completely skewed towards plotted 
development, could there be an improvement. But I would not say that they would improve 
significantly. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And what is your target square feet to be sold for the next two years because there was a jump 
in FY '22? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
About 1.5 million to 2 million square foot. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
And this is for next year, FY '24? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So next two years, I think we should be doing, in terms of sales value, I think next year, we 
should be doing about INR 300 crores-plus and similarly, the year after that. This year, the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 6 of 11 
 
calendar year has been a little low for us, because we have not been able to launch new projects 
for various reasons. But we are going to cover up next year and the year after that.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dinesh Shah from Alpha One Investments. 
Dinesh Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. What is the visibility on order pipeline for next financial year? And 
whether it would be residential flats or standalone houses? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So I already answered the question. And the last question that I answered from Niraj, that I said 
that the next year, we should be doing about 1 million square feet of sales. That's mostly 
residential. Nothing significant in other asset classes. Nothing in office, very little in retail. So 
mostly residential, about 1 million square feet is what we are hoping to book next year. 
Dinesh Shah: 
 
And what is the cash flow generation we are expecting in FY '24? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So the sale value is what we look at. And sales value is about, you can see our average per square 
foot realization trend. Currently, it's at about INR 4,500 square foot.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, sorry to be repetitive, but I missed the revenue target you mentioned for FY '24 and FY '25, 
sir, did you say INR 300 crores top line each? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Around that much, yes. No, it could be '24 next year would be about, I would not say top line, I 
can only say, because you know the recognition of revenue depends on a number of factors on 
your completion certificate and your how much the sale degree you give in favor of the customer 
till then it carry on in your balance sheet as advances. So sale guidance is what I gave, I did not 
give any revenue guidance. Sale guidance is about INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores each for 
the next couple of years. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, margins approximately 40%, which you are currently doing, can we hold on to the 
same? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
That's EBITDA margin. 
Keshav Garg: 
 
Yes. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So EBITDA margin, as I said, the current margins are indicative of our product mix, which is 
horizontal development, plotted development. We hope to get those kind of margins in plotted 
development, but group housing margins would be a little lower. So going forward, the mix is a 
mix of both, it's 50-50. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Monica Arora from Globe Secure Advisors. 
Monica Arora  
So sir, on the profitability side, how is the outlook in FY '24 and FY '25? And do you think that 
we would be able to pass the profitability part as compared to the next last year? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
Profitability? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Monica Arora  
 
Yes. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I think we should be able to maintain, if not improve what we have in the coming years. I think 
it should actually be higher, but I can't say because it depends on the revenue recognition, sales 
value and booking value and project launch is a metric that we really follow, because rest 
everything follows from that with a lag. And those two are looking good for the coming two 
years. 
Monica Arora  
And also, I wanted to get a sense on how the Lucknow market specifically looks to you? How 
do you see that market? What changes is happening in those markets? And do you think that it 
would be a bet for investors next? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I think it's an under-penetrated market, given the quality of life it is offering to the residents of 
the city and it is attracting a lot of investment. UP is attracting a lot of investment. You may 
have read the headline in the last couple of days, the Global Investors Summit, which happened 
in UP. It's like INR 30 lakh crores of investment which has been committed in UP, which is the 
highest in the country. Even if 50% or 25% gets translated, it's a game changer.  
And I don't know if you've been to Lucknow, it's one of the shining stars in the next tier of cities 
in the country after the top six or seven cities. That is getting reflected in the aspirations and the 
kind of real estate that the city is demanding and that is not only residential, but also commercial, 
retail. You know two of India's biggest malls are open and they're recording record footballs. 
There are Phoenix malls or Lulu malls. So all that is reflective of a rising city, rising aspirations 
and I think we are the number one brand there and we are very small. So the upside is just huge.  
The numbers that I'm talking about are very low and there is a lot of room to grow. It's only that 
we have to, it's a difficult real estate market in terms of bringing projects to the market. And this 
year has been a little slow for us, but we hope to make it up in the coming year and the year after 
that. And by no way is our growth constrained by the size of the city. I think it has a lot to offer 
and it is growing every year. So we are very happy to be concentrated in this one city. 
Monica Arora  
And one last question, if I can pitch in. So, and you have increased your beneficial share in the 
Bareli project. How much additional cash flow do you think it will generate? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Marginal, so it's gone from 40% to 50%. So that's just a 10% increase. So the additional cash 
will be only to the tune of 10% only, not much. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Gunit Singh: 
So I have a question regarding the sales projections that you have said that we are putting out 
INR 800 crores of sales projects for the next year? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Not for the next year. It’s for the next two years, it's not for the next year. I said for the next two 
years. I am cumulative. So each one year could be INR 300 crores other would be INR 500 
crores something like that. So next two years is INR 800 crores.  
Gunit Singh: 
 
So projects worth INR 800 crores over the next two years, you will be putting out?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
Yes. 
Gunit Singh: 
So for the current year, financial year, for the last 12 months, how much were the projects did 
we put out in the market?  
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No, we didn't launch anything in this year? It was all such an old stage. We were not able, that’s 
what I said that that we were not, the approvals got delayed and various things happened. So all 
the things which are happening are the system and stages. By system and stages we mean the 
projects which have already been launched, they have inventory and they keep getting sold. We 
did not, there was only one project I think, Twin Tower or something, which was a small project 
which got sold, launched this year. But nothing significant project. 
Gunit Singh: 
And as per the last four to five years, we have been seeing revenues to hover around INR 100 
crores to INR 150 crores. But looking at the guidance for next year, I'm very excited. And I just 
hope that you were able to execute everything perfectly.  
Pankaj Bajaj: 
There is a caveat there. The guidance that I am giving is for the sales value. It takes time to get 
reflected in the -- to get recognized as revenue in the book. That I am not giving any guidance 
on. I am only giving guidance on the sales value, the booking that happens from the customer. 
So that is one caveat, but obviously once you book something, sooner or later it will get 
recognized in books. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Nagpal from Guardian Advisors. 
Arjun Nagpal: 
I think everybody is talking about the margins and all. I mean, we as shareholders, I'm sure that 
you'll maintain the margin and all. You guys are a prudent company. What we are looking 
forward to is higher sales velocity, which I think you are guiding. And if sales are booked, there 
will be accrued to the revenue also at some stage. So I think my question has been answered. I 
think the time has come to up the ante and take this company into a little bit of a higher orbit. 
And we look forward to that journey. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Thank you, Arjun. This is what we are working to us. And thank you for your support. So all 
these years and that's state advice. Our team is excited and for the first time if you would have 
noticed I am actually giving out a guidance for the next year. 
Arjun Nagpal: 
My question is answered. Only if sales growth is bottom line EBITDA and PAT and this tax 
growth. So we are aligned that with. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
So my question is any plans for diversification geologically because you're pretty heavy on 
Lucknow? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
Yes. So two-part answer to that question. One, we are very bullish on Lucknow, and as I 
commented in response to one of the earlier questions, by no stretch of imagination is our growth 
constrained by the fact that we are concentrated in Lucknow. So, there are enough examples of 
many real estate companies in India doing very well being concentrated in one city or two cities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 9 of 11 
 
So I think that it's not that we have got 50% of the market share of Lucknow and we can't further 
grow there. I think our market share will be less than 10% and there is a great trend towards 
consolidation and I think there is a market share capture opportunity in Lucknow, number one.  
Number two, Lucknow itself is growing so the market is great and we should not be distracted 
by moving out of Lucknow. That's number one. Number two, we have taken baby steps towards 
geographical diversification and the transaction in the Bareli project was a step towards that. We 
took a small step by taking a 40% stake and we increased because the project did well and we 
increased it to 50%.  
Similarly, we are looking at a couple of other markets. But we don't want to dilute ourselves too 
much from the focus on Lucknow. I know we had a kind of a steady tier or a flattish year this 
year, but we are convinced of the opportunity in Lucknow. And just like there are some great 
companies out of Hyderabad or Bangalore, we feel that the same thing can happen with us in 
Lucknow. So we are really concentrated. I've given out our guidance for the next couple of years. 
It could even go higher. I don't want to say too much. I hope that answers your question. Yes, 
but to answer your question, if you're thinking that we come to NCR or we go to some other 
city, not at this stage. There is enough opportunity there. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from KR Choksey. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Sir, my question is like as we are seeing that the interest rate is rising. So in this interest rising 
scenario, how you look at the real estate market, especially on the UP market? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
I didn't get the question, Abhishek. Can you repeat? 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
In this rising interest rate environment, how do you see that real estate market will perform in 
next two to three years? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So again, we are not too perturbed about the rising rates on interest. One, we feel that the interest 
rate cycle is going to turn. It's not going to keep like this, home loan rates are now 8.5% or 
something. But remember, they were 6.5% about a year ago. So just as they go up, they also 
come down. and everybody is expecting and I hope I think you guys know better or nobody 
knows, but the exact timing of interest rate cycle is going to turn on.  
And in a 20-year period, there will be multiple such cycles and the other thing is that the 
customer EMI does not really change. All that the home loan companies, mortgage companies 
do is they change the tenure of the loan. So it's of academic interest that in the fourth year the 
rate of interest is higher and in the seventh year it is lower. At the end of it the customer ends up 
with a loan of 20 years and ends up pre-paying. The data is out there. They end up pre-paying 
in the sixth or seventh year. That's part number one.  
Part number two is we found that not a lot of people surprisingly are dependent on home loans, 
especially in Tier 2 towns. In a city like Bangalore or Delhi or Pune, which are kind of the market 
is IT employees who are getting a salary. So that's very -- the data suggests that's where your 
home loan rate of interest sensitive. But in Lucknow that is not the case. There's a lot of organic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 10 of 11 
 
demand and we find that not more than 25% to 30% of our total receipts comes from through 
home loans. So it's not very sensitive to that extent. So it's not, they're not perturbed that much. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And are we looking for any new geography apart from our existing area? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
We have enough on our hands in Lucknow and we have gone out our guidance and we are 
focused on launching these products in the next three to six months. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Chaturvedi, an Individual Investor. 
Vivek Chaturvedi: 
In your management commentary, you mentioned that we acquired a total of 16.5 acres of land 
between April and December. So how does this compare with what we've done in the past couple 
of years? And how much land are we looking to acquire in the next couple of years? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So the land that we acquired is something which we have not disclosed, but it is going to come 
in Imperia Phase III. So if you look at our presentation, there is Imperia Phase 1, there is Phase 
II, which is about to get launched and there are Phase III, which is going to come. So it is largely 
made up of that.  
There are some other parcels which I have hinted in the past that we are giving advances on. We 
will not be in a position to disclose the exact details of that because it is a little premature. But 
that's all it is. I think we should be acquiring about a 1 million square feet every year. That's 
what we want to sell out in a year. And that is what we will have to replenish every year as well.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Gunit Singh: 
I just have a follow-up question. So we're putting out INR 18 crores of projects for the coming 
two years. And you mentioned that for the last one year, there was a significant amount of 
projects that were rolled out basically. So I just want to understand on average. What would be 
the sales value of the projects that you put out any say, for the last four to five years? 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
 
What would be the sales value of the projects we put out annually, is that the question? 
Gunit Singh: 
 
Yes, correct. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
So kind of lumpy, Gunit. Last year, we put out a project, which was Imperia Phase 1, and that 
had a sale value of about INR 100 crores or something, maybe slightly more. And then after that, 
we put out on this year, Twin Towers, which is about INR 50-odd crores. So this year has been 
flattish, but we hope to be launching or, as I said, INR 300 crores or more annually in the coming 
year onwards. It has been kind of low in the last two, three years because of COVID, all those 
approval issues, land assembly issues, but I think we are finally coming out of that. Higher 
velocity in the coming years. 
Gunit Singh: 
 
So on average, we would have been rolling out about INR 100 crores of project annually. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
No. Last year, we had INR 100 crores maybe, but going forward, much higher than that. So that 
gets reflected in your top line also. Our top line has been between INR 100 to INR 150 crores in 
a year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
 
February 14, 2023 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Correct. That what I was trying to get an understanding of the conversion. So all it sounds great. 
Thanks a lot.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for the closing comments. 
Pankaj Bajaj: 
I think I've given a lot of comments already. So thank you all for coming today for interest in 
the company. We hope to do well in the last quarter of the year, but more importantly, in the 
coming year, we're really looking forward to that. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
