  
DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008 Tel: +91 22 66187000 Fax: +91 22 66589970 Website: www.dcbbank.com 
 
 
Ref. No.CO:CS:RC:2023-24:041   
  
May 08, 2023  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1st floor Dalal Street. 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532772 
NSE Symbol: DCBBANK 
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
 
Re: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 05, 2023 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 05, 2023 with respect to the Financial 
Results of DCB Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023. 
The same has also been uploaded on website of the Bank and can be accessed at the link 
given below: 
 
  
https://www.dcbbank.com/upload/pdf/DCB-Bank-Q4-FY23-Earnings-Call-Transcript-May-5-2023.pdf  
 
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DCB Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As stated above 
 
  
Rubi 
Chaturvedi
Digitally signed by 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Date: 2023.05.08 
21:55:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“DCB Bank Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 05, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURALI M NATRAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CEO 
MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AJIT KUMAR SINGH – CHIEF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER 
MR. RAVI KUMAR – CFO IN-CHARGE &  HEAD 
OPERATIONS & SPECIAL PROJECTS 
MR. PRAVEEN KUTTY – HEAD RETAIL BANKING 
MR. SRIDHAR SESHADRI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MS. MEGHANA RAO – HEAD BRANCH OPERATIONS 
MR. VENKATTESH R – HEAD OPERATIONS, 
TECHNOLOGY , HUMAN RESOURCES & CIO 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to DCB Bank Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Joining us on the call today are Mr. Murali M Natrajan – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Satish Gundewar – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ajit Kumar Singh – Chief Investor Relations 
Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on the touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali M Natrajan. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Thank you very much for joining this call. I am talking to you from our boardroom in the 
corporate office. We have Satish Gundewar – our Chief Financial Officer then we have Praveen 
Kutty our Head of Retail Banking then we have Meenakshi who is our Relationship Head for FI 
and Investors, we have Meghana who is our Branch Operations Manager, we have Venky who 
is our Operations, HR, and Technology Head, we have Sridhar who is our Chief Risk officer, 
we have Ravi Kumar who is our CFO in charge and currently handling our operations and special 
projects then we have Ajit who is the Head of our Treasury and FI. Thank you very much for 
dialing in, we also have our support staff from finance.  
So, this is a Q4 Results and Full Year 2022-23. 
I believe that we have a very robust quarter. Our balance sheet has crossed Rs. 50,000 crores 
now it is about Rs. 52,000 odd crores. The total business has crossed Rs. 75,000 crores, deposits 
have crossed Rs. 41,000 crores, CASA is about Rs. 10,500 crores. So, we personally feel very 
happy and proud of achieving these numbers and we are putting the Bank on a trajectory to 
double the balance sheet in about 4 years. Our intention is to reach Rs. 100,000 crore of balance 
sheet in about four years’ time.  
The performance or net interest income has been good at 27.7%. What is very important to know 
about our income is that there are two big income streams which was present last year which 
was more or less nonexistent this year, for example, PSLC we made very decent amount of 
revenue in the year FY2021-22, but in 2022-23 because of market conditions and regulatory 
changes there has been a steep fall and despite that the overall fall in the other income category 
has been very limited primarily because of the good work that is happening in third party 
distribution fee, on processing fees and other items which are all the core items. So, that is really 
something we are very happy about.  
Operating profit is pretty much flat to last year of course the year FY2021-22 had some one-off 
items, but nevertheless the operating profit for four quarter has been very good at 11% higher 
than previous year same quarter, but again important thing is that as we have made investments 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
in the front line and in one of the chart in the investor presentation you can clearly see the 
quarterly disbursal without considering the co-lending and how smartly it has moved up and we 
are confident that given the frontline capacity and the productivity that we are working on and 
also some of the frontline investments we are doing in technology. We should be able to 
consistently improve this number further.  
From a cost-to-income ratio point of view the fourth quarter was 59.9 usually the fourth quarter 
is far better than the previous quarter because of the momentum that we have and if you look at 
the same quarter previous year again you have seen that we have delivered 113 crores of profit 
which was all time high. This year we have done Rs. 142 crores which is again all time high. 
We believe that profitability in a steady manner will continue to improve. One of the other things 
that has gone off very well throughout the year for us is that our upgrade and recoveries have 
been consistently equal to or higher than our slippages and that is one of the reason why we have 
been able to substantially reduce our provisions for this year in fact compared to previous year.  
The other point to note here is that pre-COVID our operating profit divided by provision used 
to be in the range of four to five times. We are back to that level which clearly demonstrates the 
robustness and the strength of the business model. The net NPA is pretty much close to 1%. Our 
intention is to bring it down further overtime. Initially our target was 1.5, but we have been able 
to surpass that target for the fourth quarter ROA is 1.1% and ROE is almost close to 14%, which 
has been our intention. Again, usually, as you know in the first quarter their cost comes in terms 
of salary increases. So, I expect some impact of that in the quarter in 2023-24.  
However, we are confident that if you consistently improve our performance the way it has been 
seen now we should be able to deliver the kind of results that are coming through. So, those are 
some of the details I wanted to share with you and we have declared a dividend of 12.5% this 
year and we also raised the capital of about 300 crores Tier-2 in the fourth quarter which is also 
reflected in our capital adequacy. Our capital adequacy continues to be strong, and we believe 
that given the efficiency of usage of capital we should be able to grow our book without having 
to raise capital for at least another year maybe 15 months that is our current thinking. So, with 
those observation and with those commentary I would like to hand over for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Darpin Shah from Haitong India. Please go ahead. 
Darpin Shah: 
So, couple of questions first is on margins so you have mentioned that in the PPT that you are 
targeting margins of 365 to 375 basis point we are already at roughly around 420 basis point of 
approx. margins, so do we see that kind of sharp drop in 24 or this is just the long-term target 
which we are looking at? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See our business model and the product mix and the kind of slippages and upgrades that we 
expect and the kind of deposit profile that we are working on. We have built a business model 
which can deliver higher than 1% ROA and closer to 14% maybe higher than 14% ROE with 
365-375 basis points of NIM. Now the methodology always there are so many moving parts in 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
this NIM the methodology of passing on the increase of interest rate in EBLR is that as soon as 
the Reserve Bank of India changes the repo rate we pass on that to the customer. However, the 
deposit cost would be actually coming through. So, I do believe that the deposit cost that is 
coming through in fact fourth quarter deposit cost was high especially for retail term deposit, I 
believe that it will have an impact on margin and even for this current year at least from a 
business model point of view, we are not assuming margins of 4.18. Also, we have had some 
benefit, there has been an interest that we consider in the margin the 3 crore of tax no, so we did 
not consider that then it does not really matter. So, I think the upgrades and recoveries were very 
strong and that also results in some amount of reversal of that is the recognition of the income 
which was not previously recognized. So, that also impacts the margin in a positive way.  
Darpin Shah: 
So, I was seeing this how much deposit reprise has already happened for our book and how much 
more it can happen and lead to increase in cost of deposit then? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See the cost of deposits last week it changed the cost of deposit must have been at least what a 
month ago somewhere in March we changed I think the deposit since then I do not think we 
have changed the deposit rate. It is published on our website and I do not believe that deposit 
rates are coming up, but what I am trying to say is that all the new deposits will come in the 
higher rate that has been when I say all the deposits most of the retail deposit and we are taking 
longer term deposit because of our mortgage book. We target 20 months, 24 months kind of 
bucket for our deposit. So, that will have an impact on the cost of funds and we would not be 
able to pass on further only in MCLR we can pass on, but not in EBLR portfolio. So, that that 
will impact NIM. 
Darpin Shah: 
And Sir lastly on the on the asset quality front we have seen a sharp improvement in slippages 
during the quarter, what trend you see for FY24 as well? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
We should be in similar trend, but there may be some month up, down and all, but if I remember 
right I had mentioned in the first quarter of last year itself that is about two to three quarters the 
slippages should go back to pre-COVID levels and I think without gold our slippages are about 
2% which is what 2%, 2.5% was slippages there. If the way we have analyzed our portfolio if 
slippages do go up in any particular quarter we are pretty confident that our collections and our 
recoveries effort would bring it down. So, we do not see any issue with our portfolio only if you 
see an issue with the portfolio then consistently your credit slippages and all will increase. There 
may be some up and down in one or two months here and there, but other than that we do not 
see any challenge at the moment.  
Darpin Shah: 
Just one data keeping question if I can get the breakup of provisions for the quarter and full year? 
Satish Gundewar: 
I have the data for the quarter. I think for the earlier calls we had given the data for the respective 
quarters. NPA provision is about 39 crores, floating provision is about 4 crores and the provision 
relating to restructured standard assets and other things are the rest of it. The total provision for 
the quarter was 52 crores. 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See Darpin I want to tell you something. I looked at IBA publishes all the private Bank and SFB 
results of course they are one year late. They have published that for 2021-22 and I looked at the 
floating provisions. We are the only Bank I repeat we are the only Bank for the last several years 
consistently have been making floating provision quarter-on-quarter and our floating provision 
apparently is about 137 crores which is considered in the calculation of provision coverage and 
touchwood we have never had to use the floating provision. Some of the Banks have used the 
floating provision, so that is a very important strength which is there in our Bank. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Jai from ISEC. Please go ahead. 
Jai: 
First, on asset quality, the slippages we have had high slippages on gross front because of the 
some daily recognition and some of the gold related products or OD related product has that now 
normalized with this quarter slippages coming down significantly, so can we say that the entire 
whatever technical reasons that has now ended? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See if a customer does not pay their interest and on principal like three installments or 90 days 
there is nothing technical about it that is an NPA then November 12 circular what we were 
impacted the gold loans were impacted by that is because we are giving an OD product many of 
those OD product customers have after what is that called closing their current loan have 
switched to installment loans. So, in installment loan that 90 day problem on November 12 
circular does not happen because even if they service one interest they will still be alright as long 
as they do not slip to 90 days past due. So, to that extent I think a lot of that issue has been 
addressed, but I do believe that while addressing that issue we may have lost some target market 
who were only wanting to have OD kind of product, but we did a cost analysis the cost of chasing 
them and collecting workers losing the business, we took a call saying let us just do this because 
its impact productivity of bank’s staff, they have to chase of these customers. Regarding 
mortgages and commercial vehicle and rest of the other kind of retail product like KCC tractors 
and all we very much believe that those portfolios seem to be intact barring any unforeseen 
situation the slippages should be pretty much close to if not better to pre-COVID levels. 
Jai: 
And Sir in this quarter how much were the slippages from the restructured book? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
We do not present those information the entire whether it is from slippages from restructured 
book or non-restructured book everything is the slippages and that is how it has been every 
quarter and the recoveries and upgrades are also from both restructured and normal thing. So, 
you know we are not presenting that information, do not worry about the restructured book if 
for one year it has performed so you should worry about that we do not, so you should not also. 
Jai: 
And almost entirely has come out of moratorium? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Only a very small fraction is less which will come out by I think July, but it is almost very, very 
small portion is left everything else is out of the moratorium and when they come out of the 
moratorium we have to struggle with the customer for about two to three months and their 
muscles of repaying has atrophied. So, despite our pushing and whatever does not work. So, 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
finally, when the collections team is constantly following up with them they start repaying and 
then it gets almost normalized in about two, three months. So, that part will be there even for the 
ones that come out in July, but overall portfolio includes slippages from restructurings and 
recoveries and upgrade also includes slippages from restructure.  
Jai: 
And sir if you have the number for ECLGS as in I mean how much is the ECLGS? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
You know ECLGS slippages also in this, ECLGS recoveries from government also in this thing, 
everything is all inside this and we did not give ECLGS to any unsecured customer and all very 
this thing even I do not look at it by the way. 
Jai: 
And on the cost of deposit Sir would it be fair to assume that your card rate on TD would have 
peaked or you think you may still have to increase the card rate of TD, so while cost of deposit 
may keep going up because of  as deposits reprise, but the fresh TD in your review in the card 
rates would have peaked or that is? 
Praveen Kutty: 
So, currently the peak rate we have on term deposit has remained there all through Q4 and there 
is no reason to believe why we should increase the rate for getting the kind of term deposit, the 
kind of deposits that we got I mean Q4 by convention the particular quarter where the most 
highest amount of renewals and highest amount of acquisition happens. We have been through 
it and I do not see at least personally do not see that increasing any further for the kind of loan 
demand that we have going forward. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
But in between buckets in between buckets based on our ALM profile and things like that we do 
keep doing that. For example, let us say we decide that we want to attract more deposit in say 
one year bucket or more deposit in three-year bucket that ALCO will keep doing some changes 
depending upon the profile. So, overall peak does not seem like an issue at the moment at least.  
Jai: 
And last two questions Sir first is in the last one, two years we have added a lot of capacity in 
terms of branches and headcount, so if you can share if there is any qualitative improvement in 
the loan sourcing also I mean if one were to club connectors as let us say outside Bank channel, 
so is there any meaningful change in the way we would be sourcing business just because we 
have added lot of branches and employee in the last one year, two years?  
Murali M Natrajan: 
In the metros like I mentioned in many of my previous calls almost 70 odd percent of the business 
come from connectors, but in AIB and non-metro business almost 70%, 80% will come from 
our own sourcing and that mix is how it is proceeding, but to give you some more sense if we 
look at the total dispersals without co-lending in Q4 of 2021-22 versus Q4 of the year that has 
just gone by there is a 50% improvement in the disbursals whereas our average headcount has 
gone up only by 27%, 28% that quality in terms of what we have put in and I am quite sure the 
more work that we do in terms of improving productivity, improving product, the process system 
and that is a continuous process we believe that we can improve it further, we put up a software 
called Cubes which is for processing current and savings account and a few other deposit 
products. We have been able to reduce 98% of the errors that were being committed by frontline, 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
we invested say 1 in that software, we have been able to save 4 because of that software of 
various categories like printing, stationary, productivity, rework blah, blah, all that put together. 
Also the number of applications that being processed by Cube which started let us say at about 
100 has gone to let us say about 10,000 that is the kind of volume that is being. So, frontline 
improvements that I keep talking about has power to improve the productivity and we are 
working on it. 
Jai: 
And last question Sir maybe it is too early, but if you can share thoughts on the succession 
planning when do when do the Bank starts to do that, would the Bank have a parallel run and 
when does this entire process starts? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
What is the parallel run? 
Jai: 
I mean the new guy whoever it is either external, internal who does a parallel run with you, 
understanding Bank culture if it is more important if the person is outsider, but just to the 
handholding kind of thing the parallel run? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, the nomination committee will decide the agency, the head-hunting agency that would be 
appointed and the search panel I believe all that should get completed soon. We believe that we 
need to put in the application for the new CEO talk by the end of November because our RBI 
needs about four, five months to process this thing. So, I believe that we are well on track both 
internal and external candidates will be evaluated and then NRC and Board will take a decision. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Gupta from Investec Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Gupta: 
Sir just two questions from my side Sir currently there is 33% year-on-year growth in OPEX, so 
what is the OPEX growth for the next year we are expecting? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
It will be much less than 33% because we have already built the capacity. So, for example, we 
have added the average headcount of 27% year-on-year. I do not expect the increase to be I mean 
it would not be more than maybe 14 maybe 12%, 14% that is what the current trends are 
indicating. So, that would result in whatever because headcount is our biggest cost and the 
number of branches would continue to be about 25, 30 that is that is unlikely to change.  
Akshay Gupta: 
And Sir second question on like what is your PSL income for FY23 versus FY22?  
Murali M Natrajan: 
No, we are not disclosing that income, but. 
Satish Gundewar: 
So, last year the overall PSL’s income was close to 80 crores and this year the entire year full 
year PSL income is about 20 crore, so there has been a big fall and as MD mentioned in the 
initial comments I think despite severe fall in the passes income as well as we are not having the 
opportunity to have any treasury gain. The overall fall in the non-interest income has been really 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
contained through a robust disbursements and a very good growth in our processing fee income 
as well as a very good trajectory that we have seen in insurance and investments income. 
Akshay Gupta: 
And Sir last question on gross slippages like I missed your commentary on the gross slippages, 
so just I want to know like when we will they go below to the pre-COVID level or something? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
At pre-COVID we were doing very well on slippages and going back to pre-COVID we are 
pretty much there at pre-COVID level if you just exclude the gold and gold I told you is not a 
problem at all, gold will slip and gold will get upgraded that is not a problem at all. So, I would 
say that our slippages are about 2% without gold pre-COVID it used to be about 2.25, 2.4 like 
that. So, I think we are there already. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
MB Mahesh: 
Just couple of questions one in terms of the demand side for loans how is the situation today? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Well, we have not got any resistance from our sales side and we have not loosened our credit 
policy to accommodate more target or more customers or anything like that, that all has remained 
as it was. If any we probably may have kind of refined it further based on the learning and so 
and so forth. So, we are not getting any resistance from our front line. We still hold that we 
should be able to grow the core products do not include the corporate because corporate is a very 
opportunistic kind of business that we run. So, without that we are still pretty confident that we 
should be able to double the loan book in about 3 and half years line. 
MB Mahesh: 
Second question on your outstanding stock of NPS on the mortgage book has the situation 
improved in terms of resolution timelines?  
Praveen Kutty: 
Mahesh, so what we are seeing is that the 2020 first half 2020 NPA have got into a 24-month 
kind of cycle. So, by now judicial proceedings are really giving us results in terms of verdicts 
from the court and that is helping us kind of tempt the customer to make the adjustments and 
sell the assets on his own and then give us back the money. So, we are seeing incrementally what 
we can collect that we are collecting that early vintage NPS have been giving us a result and that 
is how the momentum had happened in the first t initial months. Now we are seeing that the 
older vintage where ability to pay over the problem where asset sale had to happen you are 
getting the resolutions of DRT and SARFAESI coming in as a influencer to help us convince 
the customer to sell the property and then move on. So, the early vintage clearly is behaving like 
pre-COVID and the later with that NPA you are getting the benefit of the court orders to help 
recover.  
Murali M Natrajan: 
One important thing is some of the target margin that we have which is like a small ticket home 
loan like a 15 lakh, 20 lakh kind of customer or even those ticket size LAP customers. We do 
not have to do repo and all just a legal notice and all can actually result in recovery proceedings 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
taking shape. So, we do not really have to go to court, repossess and all these things. So, those 
customers are I mean we do not have to push them to that extent. 
MB Mahesh: 
Murali we have hit about 50 basis points credit cost for FY23 in terms of the outlook that you 
are looking for the next let us say one or two years does this number go below this or you think 
this is a bottom that we can reach? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
The collection team and the analytics team believes that it can go below that, but there are so 
many things that happen in our country that does not give me the confidence there could be any 
event that can actually cause the issues. So, I believe our business model is back to the same 
what it was before COVID which is at 40, 45 basis point top-50 basis point type of credit cost. 
The intention is to do better because I think during the COVID one benefit that we have got is 
you got better at some of the collection process mechanism and we are also introducing some 
technology there to improve productivity those should come in hopefully in the next few months. 
We definitely got better in collection during COVID I mean capacity-wise, planning wise all 
that has happened quite well I must say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So, firstly just one question to understand how much spread that we are making on cost of deposit 
in EBLR regime and in MCLR regime, so if you can share that what is the spread in each of the 
regime that we make? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
No, all that is a composite number that has been reflected in our financials and it is very hard to 
calculate all that because there is a part of MCLR, there is part which is an EBLR book, there is 
a book which is semi fixed which over a period of one year and all will come into either EBLR 
MCLR depending upon what was the contract at the time of booking that customer that deposit 
profile itself keeps changing. So, I do not believe that I can even attempt to answer that question, 
but all we are saying is that our business model is somewhere around 370, 375 basis points and 
we believe that with the mix of products on both deposits and the loan side we should be able to 
achieve that. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Secondly Sir on the gold book side which is close to 8% of our loan portfolio, so did we have 
double digit gross delinquency rate in this quarter? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Means what? 
Rakesh Kumar: 
In the gold loan book the gross delinquency rate was annualized number was double digit this 
quarter? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
What worries you in gold if you can explain to me then you know. 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Rakesh Kumar: 
No, Sir first thing is that like at the first place why should we have this kind of a gross 
delinquency rate, so recovery happens as you were telling that recovery happens in this book, 
but at the first instance what is the reason for such a high delinquency in the book? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Gold loan book will be high delinquency and I would not apologize for that. The reason is these 
are small customers 1 lakh, 2 lakh, 3 lakh, 5 lakh small customers who use gold loan for their 
business purposes and for emergency purposes sometimes even for putting money for their 
property margin, money or whatever all these things. These are small customers, they do not 
have great discipline. many of them are serviced by NBFC where they actually would have taken 
a bullet loan and they do not have to service on a monthly basis whereas when they take it with 
the Bank we have to kind of bring in the credit discipline of making them pay. As long as we 
have taken good quality loan and our LTV is intact we do not worry about the gold loan portfolio 
and we have very good safeguards to ensure that we are not taking either some syndicated fraud 
gold or some spurious gold in our branches and wherever we find any issues in terms of process 
and all we try to address it very quickly so that it does not become a problem for us. So, gold 
loan delinquency goes up I do not think any of us worry about it. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir, what is the LGD that you are mentioning in this book? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
In Gold. 
Praveen Kutty: 
See it is virtually nothing. There is actually gold loan business I mean look in this way 133 crore 
was NPA stock when we started the year that has come down to 19, so during the year gold NPA 
stock has come down from 133 to 19. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rishikesh Oza from RoboCapital. Please go ahead.  
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my follow up is with regard to the uptake you just indicated that the next year OPEX growth 
would not be more than 14%, 15%? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
No that is not what I said. I said that it will be much lower than 33 or whatever 32% that we 
have this year and I also said that we have added 27% average headcount year-on-year. I do not 
believe that it will be more than 10% to 14% or something else. So, I did not say that operating 
expenses will increase only by 14 so please correct that. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Basically, my question was regarding the cost structure, so basically at what OPEX level will 
our cost structure flatten and by when? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Cost structure will not flatten. We are running a retail and SME business and it is a very people-
oriented business. The business is about continuously adding people to grab more and more 
business geographically our target or whatever I mean different target market and so on and in 
invest in frontline technology, process systems and all to make them productive, have good 
credit controls and collection mechanism so that your NPA that is our basic model. This is not a 
corporate bank model, this is a absolute retail model. Our average ticket size is about 30 lakh, 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
for example, you take any of the small finance Bank their business for employee will become 2 
crores, 3 crores and they probably will have about 25,000, 30,000 people for similar or slightly 
bigger balance sheet than us you can verify what I am paying here. So, we will continue to add 
people, but we lost out momentum in COVID years. So, we took the courage to invest in a huge 
amount of frontline like 2,000, 3,000 people we invested and that is showing in our disbursal 
volume Quarter 4, 2021-22 versus Quarter 4 2022-23. Hereon, we may not have to have such a 
step change in increasing our headcount. I hope that provides you with some clarity. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Just one last point on this in your PPT you have said that your target cost to income you want to 
maintain around 55%, can you attach a timeline to it? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
We believe that we should be able to do it within one to one and half years and we are working 
towards that. We have said that we are targeting 1% ROA and 14% ROE. This quarter we have 
been pretty close to it, of course cost would cost would come out first and then business grows 
very slowly in Quarter 1. If you see our last year fourth quarter ROA and ROE we are better 
than that and last year we may add some one-off income, but this year even that is not there. So, 
we are moving in the right direction exact timeline and all is not so easy to give because there 
are many variables, but directionally it looks like in about a year and a half we should be 
consistently delivering it if not earlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Drashti: 
My question is with regards to our cost to income ratio and more to do with the productivity of 
our branches, Sir you have mentioned in a lot of calls that it takes two years for a branch to 
breakeven after which we start seeing income coming in but when I map up total income per 
branch over last few years we have not seen a significant improvement in our total income per 
branch metrics despite most of our branches are already three to five years old, so if you could 
just help me understand this and how can we see this going forward? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, if you see that last year we had last year means I am talking about 21-22 I think we added 
about 52 branches is something we added there and this year we have added 27 branches. A lot 
of the branches last year came towards the later part of the year. So, we review branches to say 
how they are performing, there are branches which are already broken even in about 8 to 9 
months’ time I mean I just visited a branch in Gujarat it is just remarkable that we have been 
able to build a very strong book in a matter of just 8 months, but there are branches one or two 
of them I can say remember in South that is in Tamil Nadu where even after about two and a 
half years they have still not crossed the line. So, there are variations in within these we have a 
very strong focus, we can actually pinpoint the revenue per branch and the cost per branch and 
track it productivity per person we are able to track it and we are pretty confident that on an 
average when you put a bunch of branches we can break even in about 22 to 24 months of course 
there will be some outliers on both sides, but generally that is the direction in which we are 
proceeding. On cost income ratio please look at any Bank which has got a retail portfolio. If you 
have cost price book definitely cost-to-income ratio can be much below 50%, but if you just look 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
at only the retail kind of book and probably some of their small finance bank can give you a clue 
on what is pure retail. Our retail book is about 85% of our book there to manage cost-to-income 
ratio below 60 is a very tough ask, but still, we are targeting a 55% cost-to-income ratio over a 
period of time and we are confident. 
Drashti: 
But if you leave aside the last two years where we have again started increasing our branch count 
if we leave aside these two years even before that since three, five years we have seen this total 
income per branch at a very stagnant level? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I would say revenue for branch and all because we have to put when we add 100 branches we 
have to put 25% of those branches in unbanked locations where the population will be 2000, 
3000 so that is not a metric that we can look at, but I can tell you that we are looking at our 
business per employee which is about 8 something like what is the number in this 7.8 so it is 
close to 8 and we will be able to improve that. The second point that I want to tell you is that we 
have added substantial number of headcount last year and many of that headcount has not yet 
completely given the peak productivity for us. So, all that also has to kick in. 
Drashti: 
And Sir second question is regarding competition, so there are a few NBFCs which have got 
very active in Tier-2, Tier-3 cities and specifically in the MSME segment, so do you face too 
much competitive pressure from these and how do you look about it? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
One of the advantages that NBFC has is that they can open branches and they do not have to 
worry about unbanked and all the other constraints that Banks have like us because if I open a 
branch in a small location then some percentage of those branches have to be opened in non-
bank location. So, they do not have that thing other than that from a cost of fund point of view 
we have a much better advantage. I do not believe that some small NBFCs have cost of fund like 
what we have because we lend to many of those NBFC. So, we know exactly what their cost of 
fund is, those kind of competition has not given us any dampener from expanding our business 
or achieving the kind of disbursal goals that we have been pursuing for the last four quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
But is there any non-recurring expenses that we are incurring currently in other expense and 
because what will drive this cost income reduction we are also looking at? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
No you guys have a framework saying that cost-to-income ratio should be 50% or 45% and then 
trying to fit all Banks into that. It does not work for us as I want to tell you right away because 
if you compare our business of 85% retail with 50% retail of another Bank obviously and we do 
those comparisons in our boardroom and see what the impact on that is. What I am saying is we 
have invested in frontline heavily last year and that is because for two years our average CAGR 
growth on ‘21 and ‘22 was only 7% or 8%. Now we lost the balance sheet of at least 5,000 crores 
because those two years of COVID because we pursue SME business. Now the option in front 
of us is okay, should we just go back to trying to grow the cost by only 10%, 12% and invest or 
put in the investment because we know the business model, we knew how to make it work and 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
grow the business which is the option we have taken and it is already demonstrating results. So, 
this year our cost increase is unlikely to be in the 32% range it will be much lower than the 32% 
range and we hope that income growth is higher than our cost growth and that is how our cost 
income ratio will keep coming towards 55%. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Actually, I was just asking because we are building in some compression in margins also which 
may limit the improvement by FY25? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
We have been running this model and we did it very successfully pre-COVID. You guys were 
worried about the operating cost increase. We have demonstrated that in our growth, look at our 
mortgage growth it is 27%, look at our AIB growth it is 30%, look at the co-lending growth it is 
I think about 50%-odd. So, everywhere we are growing very, very strongly with the investment 
it takes time and we are pretty confident and they are flexible cost in the sense they are not sticky 
cost. If a set of sales people or frontline do not perform there is a clear scorecard which helps us 
address those costs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Krishnan ASV: 
My question is little more on just the MSME business and where they are at given the kind of 
rate cycle or the steep acceleration in rates that we have seen over the past few years I mean and 
given that you tend to be kind of banking predominantly with the MSME in India, could you 
just throw some light on where we are at, we tend to think that housing and autos are typically 
rate sensitive that has been proven to be the truth, are MSME reflecting any sense of rate 
sensitivity at all.  
Praveen Kutty: 
I just tell you with the particular segment that we are looking at and that is the micro part of the 
MSME, our average ticket size hovers around the 30,00,000 mark. The products that we that we 
do either cater to the capital requirement of the customer or specific business loans for those 
installment loans for those particular customers that is what we are looking at. where this 
particular book is concerned we are seeing that there is an increasing demand coming in and the 
early delinquencies for this customers of a similar vintage is actually better than the pre-COVID 
levels so good demand reasonably good performance thus far. It is a pretty large market; lot of 
this particular segment is an assessment based on an ability where the people are still not having 
recorded verified income. Quite a lot of these customers are new to credit as well and it is a 
growing market. In India the MSME segment that we are speaking about is 63 million base and 
over a period of time they will get formalized and when they get formalized our ability to assess 
income will be better and we will be able to give a higher loan rate where you are very 
conservative you give a higher loan. So, there are built in modes for these customers, there is an 
ability that the Bank has we have gone through a couple of credit cycles of average of let us say 
5 years, 6 years, two 6 years cycles we have pass through, we have gone through headwinds of 
pandemic and demonetization, what have you GST multiple headwinds and now you are seeing 
the results of that in terms of the NPS stock post pandemic decreasing the way it has been 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
decreasing the absolute sense forgetting the percentage sense. So, it a very thriving market where 
there is expertise the Bank has.  
Krishnan ASV: 
Because what I think I am trying to just make sense of reconcile the macro headwind with the 
micro tailwind because at an enterprise level it seems that companies have almost infinite 
capacity to absorb rate hikes, it is also reflecting in fairly superior recoveries and upgrades, 
organic upgrades that you yourself are seeing and the rest of the Banking system as well. So, 
what gives here is all I am trying to? 
Praveen Kutty: 
The parallel you can draw is this, So, these are customers primarily in the service industry. So, 
you take an example of something like a marriage hall the business has been virtually nil from 
March 2020 to a good part of 2021. They have definitely become NPA because there is no 
revenue coming in, but what you see happening currently and that is the proof of the puddings 
in the stock numbers not only are many of them, most of them servicing their EMIs, but also 
have had a benefit of increased business which is allowing them to pay back their entire over 
dues otherwise they will continue to be in NPA. So, if you were take mortgages 342 crores NPA 
stock is now 270 crores that movement you see is because there is a resilience and robustness of 
the business. Some people have gone completely out of their business, started new businesses 
which are income generating and that income generating resilience is what is key to this MSME 
SME segment which is allowing them to come back into the regular installment paying 
capability plus knocking off the overdues in most cases. Another point which I want to tell you 
Krishnan is that if you see our recoveries it has got two components in it. There is an upgrade 
component and there is a recovery component in it. Recovery is when the customer throws up 
his hands and says look there is no way. I cannot repay this particular loan my business is not 
working. Upgrade is where the customer finds an alternative revenue stream or an increased 
revenue stream where he clears overdues and becomes a normal customer. One of the reasons 
why you are seeing this improvement in NIM is because the NPA customer continues to be a 
revenue generating, revenue accruing customer and is giving us a flow. So, you are getting the 
overdue flow minimum of three months maximum could be as high as about 12 months. So, 
there is a very big resilience in this particular segment. So, we talk about the demand, we talked 
about the size of the particular market across geographies and we talked about the ability of the 
customer to find to come back normal. So, I am not 100% sure of the micro tailwind that you 
are speaking, we do not see that, we see the clear resilience in the kind of customer selections 
that we had of this particular segment to not only to service installments, but to service 
installments and clear overdues so far.  
Krishnan ASV: 
So, just one other question which is more about the target segment that you have been going 
after very consistently for the last 15 years and I am asking this to you only because you have 
kind of reengineered the Bank from the time that it was in trouble and we have seen all the 
difficulty years and now it seems the kind of engineers ahead and so all credit to you and the rest 
of the team that has been through with basically all these years, but I just wanted to understand 
has that addressable market that DCB wants to go after how much has India stack helped you to 
kind of expand your own target universe we just kind of index it for us just to understand the 
addressable market just for DCB Bank looking at it inside out? 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I think a lot of the items has helped us, Aadhaar has helped us no question about that because it 
makes life so easy in terms of doing KYC and all the items that are linked with Aadhaar. the 
GST has helped us immensely many of the customers at least our partly in the GST bracket our 
own ability to kind of all the digitization that has happened whether in electricity bill or supplier 
bill and all those things all that has given us the confidence of looking at things lot more carefully 
and be confident of what we are doing and then we also have learned a lot about the target 
market. Some of the target market which we did not understand by doing little bit small 
experiment and all we have been able to go into those target markets as well I mean when we 
started this journey I do not think our ticket price was 20 lakh, 30 lakh we probably we would 
have been 50 lakh, 60 lakh, but overtime we have been able to kind of successfully enter these 
target market and create at an individual level very profitable kind of loans. 
Praveen Kutty: 
Geolocation, digital collection the ecosystem in the country has significantly changed it is really 
helping us in big time. We know where the customers are, we know the customers have an ease 
of payment 40 kilometers away to the nearest branch to payback the money there is a change.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line is Sohail Halai from Antique Stock broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Sohail Halai: 
Sir my question actually relates to from the provision coverage issue, so we have reached on 
books PCR of around 68% and closer to 80% including technical write off, so from a book 
perspective which has around 25% in terms of the mortgage here, is it relatively fair to assume 
that all the legacy NPL provision in other books have been basically taken care of and probably 
in terms of this was a question asked in the past also that can you actually undershoot the credit 
cost probably because of the increase in the provision that you have made so far? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, I do not know what you mean by legacy we are the legacy right now whatever we have 
created we own it that is what it is. So, I do not know how to respond to you on that legacy part 
of it. All I want to say is that 85% odd of our book is secured, 50%-odd of our book is mortgages 
even the entire SME book is most of the SME book is secured except what TReDS, TReDS is 
not secured. If I look at our tractor KCC all that has security and each of that we understand the 
loss given default and probability of default all these also have improved post COVID also 
because of our collection efficiency as well as various other kind of analytics that we put into 
improve our performance on that. So, I believe our coverage ratio is pretty strong. We do not 
have any target coverage ratio we wanted to be above 70% and we are about 70%. We keep 
making provision as per RBI norms or more like in mortgage and all our provision norms are 
higher than what is expected by RBI. So, we will continue to build on that provision while trying 
to do the best that we can in terms of recoveries and upgrades on these slippages. So, I do think 
that our credit cost should be in the range of 45 to 50 basis points, which was our pre-COVID 
level number. 
Sohail Halai: 
So, another question pertaining to this only in terms of write offs is something that we are doing 
it for the last three quarters around Rs. 40 crore to Rs. 60 crore range and is it fair to assume that 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
some of these write offs has also started flowing through the P&L from the income level. So, 
recoveries from written-off has actually improved over the last two, three quarters? 
Satish Gundewar: 
Sohail I am not able to relate to the question exactly, what exactly you want. 
Sohail Halai: 
Probably in terms of one that you are actually writing of around 40 to 50 crores per quarter now 
and historically also in terms of last two, three years you have written-off some amount of these 
loans If I just back calculate in terms of write off and the cumulative write off book that we have, 
so is recoveries from written off account also started picking up in the last two, three quarters? 
Satish Gundewar: 
So, you are seeing the recovery from the written-off account? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, the recoveries that are coming from written-off account also come in the provision line not 
in the income line.  
Sohail Halai: 
Sir, is the trend improving there as well? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See the collection team does not have any idea what we have written-off at the head office. They 
do not have any idea about it. They are collecting on the account as though it is an NPA. I mean 
like collection team will have no clue which item which account we have written-off and which 
account we have not written-off. 
Sohail Halai: 
And Sir final question in terms of from the yield on loans and understand that some amount 
would be because of the upgrades and recovery as well, but post three or four quarters yield on 
loans actually moved up, so is the pricing environment better as compared to what we have seen 
in the last year any qualitative comments on this?  
Murali M Natrajan: 
No, the competition is as tough as big. We keep doing analytics and making sure that we are 
pricing as much as possible from a credit risk point of view. So, that we do not lose the margin 
and the margins for both making money as well as absorbing the credit losses. The mix of 
portfolios that we have on the deposit and the loan side we are targeting a NIM of about 370, 
375 basis point. If will do very well on collections recoveries and all you may see some 
improvement in our NIM, which is what you have seen here in this particular quarter. Also the 
EBLR it works like this that you actually make the change in EBR as the RBI announces its repo 
rate changes and the deposit cost follows. So, we do expect some compression in our name in 
the coming quarters.  
Sohail Halai: 
And Sir this basically in terms of if you could just quantify how much of the yield benefit would 
be because of upgrades and recovery, any ballpark number?  
Murali M Natrajan: 
We do not have that information; everything is comprised in the NIM so we do not have that 
information. 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to understand what would be our term deposit cost right now currently and what 
would be the share of the deposits which get a special rate above the card rate in the deposit 
mix? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Why would we give a special rate over the card rate, but bulk rate is also published for us. See 
some of the Banks are not publishing bulk rate. We published all the rates, what do you see in 
our website is all the rates that you see and I think our bulk rates have been brought down 
probably in April or something like that some date I do not remember we brought it down. So, 
there are no rates that are not published all the rates are what you see. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And second on the co-lending side which is you are seeing very good growth the take rates, what 
is the kind of take rates you have to offer to the Fintech partners? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
What rate? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
The take rate for the Fintech partner? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
What is rate split between us, you are saying? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
I understand 80-20 is that right? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
80% of the loan is with us and 20% of the loan, you want to explain that Praveen will explain 
hold on.  
Praveen Kutty: 
So, Pallavi what we do is we have co-lending partnerships where there is minimum skin in the 
game of 20% for the originator and depending upon what kind of product it is it can go higher. 
So, the reward and the risk are shared equally sorry with 20% everything is shared 80% of book 
comes to us at our agreed pricing and the customer pays whatever the origination pricing is to 
the originator. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
In case your partner cannot have the book like somebody like a Paytm or something they can’t 
keep the book on that this thing, so you would not have those kind of partnerships I am 
assuming? 
Praveen Kutty: 
I am not too sure whether I got the question, can you say that again. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Some players in the market the Fintech players cannot keep those things on their books and so 
80-20 may not work with those players, so would that prevent you being with those players 
talking of the likes of Paytm?  
Praveen Kutty: 
So, Pallavi there are two things. One is co-lending what I explained to you was the concept of 
co-lending, we have a sizable book on co-lending, what you are talking about is a referral 

 
DCB Bank Limited 
May 05,2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
arrangement with Fintech. Most of the Fintech referrals are coming under the buy now pay later 
or personal loans mostly in the unsecured segment that is how the industry currently or check 
out financing etc. that is an area which we are not invested in. where there are Fintech which are 
providing you with mortgage or SME lead, we take that, but that follows a similar to the 
connector model. So, it is more a lead referral thing than there is no identification etc. of the 
customer Aadhaar identification of the customer at the Fintech end. We take it full on and then 
do the appraisal entirely ourselves reject or accept as per our criteria and move on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Gupta from Investec Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Gupta: 
My question is like you received lower PSL income compared to the last year, so why the PSL 
rate fallen, and do we expect it to recover? 
Praveen Kutty: 
So, on PSLC the Banks priority sector lending book as a percentage of the total advances that 
we have remained as healthy as it is. So, there is no supply problem, but the rate at which the 
PSLC is being purchased in the year 22-23 has plummeted as compared to 21-22 and the reason 
for this is not a demand issue, it is a supply issue. Earlier for the customer to become to be 
eligible for private digital lending you had to necessarily get a Udyam certificate which had to 
meet certain norms of what kind of activity the customer is doing and it is a stringent way of 
ensuring that that particular customer is meeting the particular norms and getting a certificate 
call Udyam, that has been significantly relaxed in last year which has resulted in an increased 
supply. The moment supply has increased two things have happened many institutions which 
were deficient in PSL has by virtue of easier norms fulfill the PSL criteria or near fulfill the 
criteria. Secondly, the need for purchase also has become significantly less which has resulted 
in a drop in the price. What will happen in the future depends upon how much PSL is required 
by whom in the market and that will drive the price. So, right now there is no clear visibility of 
what the price is going to be. 
Akshay Gupta: 
And my second question is related to our new CFO appointment like when we are expecting a 
new CFO in our system and it will be from internal or external some comments on this? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, as of now Ravi Kumar is going to be taking charge from Satish. Satish is here with us until 
June third and the NRC and Board will work with the management team and we will finalize the 
candidate in about a few weeks which is what we have represented in the stock exchange.  
Thanks very much for dialing in to this call. It has been a pleasure interacting with all of you 
and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DCB Bank Limited concludes today's 
call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
