DLF LIMITED     
DLF Gateway Tower, R Block,  
DLF City Phase – III, Gurugram – 122 002,  
Haryana (India)                                                                             
Tel.: (+91-124) 4396000, investor-relations@dlf.in
  
 
Regd. Office: DLF Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor, Arjun Marg, DLF City, Phase-I, Gurugram -122 002, Haryana (India) 
CIN: L70101HR1963PLC002484; Website: www.dlf.in 
16th May 2023 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Vice-President 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings Call.  
 
Requisite details regarding the Earnings Call are as under: 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
Details 
1 
Date of Earnings Call 13th May 2023 
2 
List of management 
attendees 
- Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – Chief Executive Officer & 
Whole-time Director, DLF Limited 
- Mr. Vivek Anand – Group Chief Financial Officer, 
DLF Limited 
- Mr. Sriram Khattar – Managing Director, Rental 
Business 
- 
Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business Officer & Group 
Executive Director 
3 
Web-link 
of 
the 
Transcript 
https://www.dlf.in/qu-result/DLF-Earnings-13May-
2023.pdf  
 
This is for your kind information and record please.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DLF Limited 
 
 
 
R. P. Punjani   
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
For Stock Exchange’s clarifications, please contact:  
Mr. R. P. Punjani - 09810655115/ punjani-rp@dlf.in  
 
 
Ram 
Parkash 
Punjani
Digitally signed by 
Ram Parkash 
Punjani 
Date: 2023.05.16 
18:20:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“DLF Limited: Q4 and FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK KUMAR TYAGI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CEO – DLF LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK ANAND – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DLF LIMITED 
 
MR. SRIRAM KHATTAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR -RENTAL BUSINESS  
 
MR. AAKASH OHRI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER AND GROUP ED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, and welcome to DLF Limited Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today on the 
call Mr. Ashok Tyagi, Whole-Time Director and CEO, DLF Limited; Mr. Vivek Anand, Group CFO; Mr. Sriram 
Khattar, MD, Rental Business; Mr. Aakash Ohri, Chief Business Officer and Group Executive Director. As a 
reminder, all participant’s lines will be in the listen only mode there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. If you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
` 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Anand. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Thank you, Faizan. So good morning, and welcome to DLF Limited Quarter 4 and Financial Year '23 Earnings 
Webcast. Thank you for joining us on a Saturday. We are very happy to announce our business which delivered 
record performance across all key parameters. We'll start with the highlights of the business. Financial highlights for 
quarter 4 financial year '23, DLF Limited consolidated. Consolidated revenue stood at INR1,576 crores, gross margin 
at 57%. EBITDA stood at INR518 crores, net profit at INR581 crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 
40%.Financial highlights for financial year '23 DLF Limited consolidated. Consolidated revenue stood at INR6,012 
crores, gross margin at 57%. EBITDA stood at INR2,043 crores, net profit at INR2,053 crores, reflecting year-on-
year growth of 36%. The Board of Directors have recommended a dividend of INR4 per share subject to approval 
of the shareholders. During last quarter, our residential business delivered a record performance by clocking new 
sales booking of INR8,458 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 210%.  
Cumulative new launches for the fiscal were around 10 million square feet and new sales stood at INR15,058 crores, 
which is again a record number for annual sales booking. These figures obviously are on account of overwhelming 
response for, The Arbour project, which created a new benchmark in residential sales by setting a record of being 
entirely sold during the pre-formal launch phase, garnering new sales booking of INR8,000-plus crores. This strong 
response led to the preponement of a significant portion of Arbour sales that we had actually planned to release for 
the forthcoming quarters, approximately INR4,000 crores. The success of this product stands as a testament of the 
immense faith that our customers have reposed towards our brand and a strong endorsement towards an aspirational 
lifestyle. The strong business performance led to a healthy surplus cash generation, enabling significant 
strengthening of our balance sheet. Consequently, our net debt now stands reduced to INR721 crores, one of the 
lowest levels. 
Further to this strong performance, our credit rating was upgraded to CRISIL AA / stable outlook and ICRA 
AA/stable outlook during the year. Our offerings across multiple geographies continue to be the preferred choice of 
customers, enabling healthy growth in our business. The residential upcycle, along with rising demand for luxury 
segment, enthuses us to remain committed towards scaling up our new offerings.  
We continue to follow a calibrated approach to bring new products across multiple markets, while simultaneously 
ensuring timely execution of our launched products. In line with this strategy, we have outlined our planned launches 
for financial year ‘24 in the analyst presentation. We are planning to launch around 11 million square feet with the 
sales potential of almost INR19,700 crores this fiscal and in addition, have an launch inventory of around INR7,400 
crores. This gives us a potential of almost INR27,000 crores worth of products. Given the fact that it takes a good 
amount of time to procure approvals and project readiness, we do expect that timing of these launches will follow a 
similar phasing as in financial year ’23, which means you will see a significant portion of new launches towards the 
second half.  

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
I'll now move to the financial highlights for financial year '23 of DLF Cyber City Developers Limited consolidated 
results. Rental income grew to INR3,967 crores, a year-on-year growth of 19%. Consolidated revenue of INR5,419 
crores, reflecting a 19% year-on-year growth. EBITDA at INR4,148 crores, year-on-year growth of 19%. Net profit 
of INR1,429 crores reflecting year-on-year growth of 43%. 
The recovery across the office segment remains gradual on account of continued global macro headwinds, while 
such headwinds continue to impact decision-making in the short term, we believe that India would continue to be 
the preferred destination for global captive and large occupiers. The occupancy of our existing portfolio remains 
steady. However, we are witnessing healthy demand interactions for our newer developments, indicating a clear shift 
by large occupiers towards quality workplaces, offering enhanced safety, engaging experience and an integrated 
sustainable ecosystem. With this backdrop, we continue to invest on our new developments across DLF Downtown 
Gurugram and Chennai and are implementing asset enhancement strategies across our existing portfolio as well.  
Our retail business continues to operate at high occupancy levels and deliver healthy growth. Footfall levels are now 
reaching the pre-pandemic level with consumption trends showing buoyancy. We expect sustained momentum for 
quality retail destinations and hence continue our expansion plans in this segment across multiple markets. We 
continue to work extensively towards our upcoming retail destination, Mall of India Gurgaon, for which planning is 
at advanced stages. 
We continue to remain a positive outlook for both our businesses and remain committed to delivering consistent and 
profitable growth by bringing quality new offerings across multiple markets. We believe that our business, backed 
by a strong balance sheet and healthy cash flows remains well poised to deliver across all parameters. 
Right! With this, I end here and we are now open for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
Hi. Thanks for this and after this quarter, I don't think there are many questions, but let me still try. So, two on the 
office side, two on the resi side. From the residential part one is, how would you think about your sales guidance for 
next year after this INR15,000 crores sales this year? And should we assume this similar 60%, 65% sales through 
velocity that you have achieved this year?  
Secondly, specifically in terms of Arbour, why would you not hold on to inventory, if the product is so good? Was 
there some issues on the taxes being better into this financial year, which led you to this decision? And on the office 
side, basically, what were the mix of the SEZ, non-SEZ in the portfolio? Are you seeing some pressure on the SEZ 
side there? And on the retail side, you've said that the malls will double in the next 4, 5 years, what are these? So, a 
bunch of questions, but thank you. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
So Saurabh good morning. On the guidance piece for next year, that's a tricky one, frankly, because I know you are 
possibly leading us down a slippery path. So, the way we look at it, frankly, we try to be very balanced about it. I 
think in some sense that I'll get Aakash to chip in. I think the Q1 and Q2 are really linked to each other. In all fairness, 
our estimation and our plan on Arbour was very transparently that it's an INR8,000 crores launch. We'll possibly do 
between INR3,000 crores to INR3,500 crores in Q4 and the balance across end Q2 of the next fiscal. 
I think as, and I request Aakash to chip in, I think even Aakash, with all his decades of experience was overwhelmed 
by the sheer quantum of response that the product generated. I think almost INR3,500 crores – 3,500 checks for 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
1,100 apartments, etcetera. So really we up the ante Saurabh, as you know, that normally customers -- I mean, 
normally the developers declare pre-sales on the application, we said we will declare pre-sales only if we are able to 
collect the first 30 day installment of 10% that means people have actually paid up 75 lakh each and they all have 
signed the agreement to sale, which is under RERA. Even that threshold was met 100%.  
So really, you know, frankly, we had no option but, I mean, I don't think we had any rational or frankly almost any 
logistical opportunity for us to actually defer Arbour sales across two or three quarters. I mean, it all came in one 
quarter. I think it's obviously a delight. It's also in all fairness left a lot of, you know, our own friends and 
acquaintances unhappy who could not get the allotment and that's fine.  
But really, I would say that a normalized sale for this year should really have been the range of INR10,000 to 
INR11,000, but it just happened to be INR15,000 because the INR4,000 crores installment happened. So, we'll still 
keep our head guided and we'll say that next year we should still be looking at a case guidance of INR11,000 crores 
to INR12,000 crores. But again, given the fact that we have two or three very interesting products lined up next year, 
you know, could there be a positive surprise? Of course. But I say from a guidance standpoint, we'll still say 
INR11,000 crores to INR12,000 is the guidance.  
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Absolutely. I think just to add Saurabh, I think this year we've launched 10 million square feet of products, 
adding up to almost the sales potential of INR15,000 crores. I think we got a very good response from the market. 
And considering that we've increased our launch pipeline to 11 million square feet for the current financial year, 
adding up to a sales potential of close to INR20,000 crores, right. So, I think our ambition is very clear really to 
really grow from here, right? There is no doubt about that.  
But having said that as Mr. Tyagi explained, from a guidance point of view, it will be INR11,000 cores to INR12,000, 
crores which we believe is achievable and we will certainly try  our best to really beat that estimate.  
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
Aakash, on Arbour? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. Saurabh on Arbour, let me just also come in. Now you asked a question about was this done for any tax benefits 
and all? Let me tell you, I was in the thick of things then. Short of being lynched and kind of taking a call on certain 
things on the ground. There was literally -- there was nothing one could do. It was such a pleasure, ladies and 
gentlemen, after a long time to see the tsunami of owners and prospects and CPs and partners, strong and swarm in 
the place. I have some videos which I'd like to share separately whenever there is a chance.  
But let me tell you, when we started to build up, the buildup started well. It was a pent-up demand for a DLF group-
housing product in Gurgaon. A lot of work, you know, seeding had been done. As you know, compliance related 
post data only we can get down to doing stuff. So we immediately dispatched teams all over the world. We did a lot 
of work internally. A lot of good responses from the corporates.  
But at that point of time, we had a choice, you're right, absolutely. And to what Mr. Tyagi mentioned and deliberated, 
I think not once, but 10 times on this issue where things kept happening. We had a choice Saurabh to push it to Q1 
and make more money. Definitely. And let me tell you how much more money about at least a INR1,000 crores 
more could have been done. I mean, as far as this company is concerned, I think the customer's interest and prospects 
interest has always come first and that is what we're known for. I think we've demonstrated it many times. Arbour 
being one also, I'll tell you where the situation kind of came in like that. And we had a lot of responses that came in 
from people. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
At that point of time to stall something which is going on at a space was I don't think would have been prudent 
because you can't have a customer wait for two months because this was mid-February -- 15th February to be precise 
when we did the broker's launch and immediately after that. So, we couldn't have asked a customer to wait for six 
weeks or eight weeks for the next batch to come when as everybody else queuing up and giving their intent -- their 
application forms. So we could have dragged this on, but I think it’s in can be interest of the customer's benefit first. 
A call was taken to do that. So I don't think there was any. I mean, there are, Mr. Tyagi and Vivek and I've already 
talked about it, but I don't think there is any tax-related matter. But I think it's very grateful for an opportunity like 
this. You should have been there to kind of live that moment with us. But I think there are no doubts the whole world 
and the others were here. It was a big endorsement to the dealer brand. I think that's all I'd like to say. But the 
celebrations here have been very muted, as per Mr. Tyagi's strict instruction. So I don't know whether to celebrate 
or to take your compliment. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
So gratitude is the opportunity. 
Sriram Khattar: 
So moving on to the rental portfolio. Saurabh, your question was SEZ versus non SEZ. I think a breakup is about in 
terms of rentals about 30 odd percent is SEZ and about 67% to 70% is non SEZ. And this is the office's part. The 
retail itself is about 22%. So in the overall rental income, the SEZ in terms of rental income falls to below 20%, 22% 
20 odd percent. Now SEZ is a little concern in the market because of the sunset clause. In our portfolio, our SEZ has 
maintained a vacancy of about 15 odd percent. Whereas our vacancy in the non SEZ portfolio has dropped down to 
only 6%. And which is I think a very healthy sign and the combined vacancy is about 10%. Now while this is 
happening, we have been advocating and socializing through the CII and the Naredco and the Asia Pac Real Estate 
Association with the Ministry of Finance, Department of Revenue and with the Commerce Ministry. 
And I am given to understand that they are in the final state of amending the SEZ act rules, which is within the power 
of the commerce minister which will extend the building-wise, denotification to a floor wise denotification. I also 
understand that the Ministry of Commerce is going to lean on the development commissioners to ease the speed at 
which the denotification is allowed. So there is little pain, I would say, for the next few months, but I don't see it 
lasting for long. 
Now this will have 2 impacts, 1 very positive impact and 1 a slight negative impact. The positive impact is that it 
will bring very high-quality real estate to the market with the ability to lease. And developers who have these 
developments in good locations and have credibility will do well. marginally, especially in, say, Hyderabad, there 
will be a slight subdued rentals for about 2, 3 quarters before some of the stock gets absorbed. So whilst there is a 
temporary blip, but I believe it's very, very temporary and see Ministry of Commerce comes out with the new 
guidelines, I think we will do well. 
In terms of our budgeting, etcetera, we have been cautious for the next year. And we are going with the assumption 
that SEZ vacancy will remain by and large, similar. It will improve by 100, 200 basis points. 
On the mall space, yes, doubling is very much on the cards. If you have seen the analyst presentations, 2 million 
worth of retail is under, about 1.5 in retail is under construction in the books of DLF. We've got the Avenue Mall 
Goa, which is construction is going on full swing. And the 2 high street shopping centers, 1 in DLF 5 and the other 
near DLF-Midtown, the construction is full swing. And our plan for Mall of India Gurgaon has now reached at quite 
an advanced stage. And I dare say that when we meet next time, we'll probably share the news with you that 
construction is either commenced or is about to commence. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
So if you take about 2.6 million Downtown -- sorry, Mall of India Gurgaon and you take the existing developments 
that are happening. The total automatically is roughly double of where we stand today at between 4, 4.5 million 
square feet. Now 1 more point on the expansion I would like to share, that in the Vasant Kunj complex where we 
have 2 malls, The Promenade and The Emporio, the total size of these malls is about 800,000 square feet, slightly 
below 800,000. And we have the potential FAR to do another 500,000 square feet in that complex. And that's right 
in the center of town. 
Unlike some of our competitors, we have yet not utilized this FAR. And we plan to -- we are also sort of going 
through a master planning of those sites. But we plan to take it up after the construction at Mall of India has 
commenced and has stabilized. Similarly, at DLF Avenue in Saket, we have the ability to construct another 200,000 
square feet of GLA which we shall do at a later date because as you know, we have just renovated DLF avenue about 
2, 2.5 years back, and we would let it through for some time before we take up that GLA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Firstly, congratulations on a great year, and congratulations passing everyone to be the largest developer in 
residential this year. My first question is, again, on Arbour, and this is with regards to pricing rather than the demand. 
So what's the strategy? What's the strategy here? Because since our last Investor Day last year, it came across that 
we are very optimistic on the pricing part. While in Arbour, we started probably at a lower rate than the market was 
expecting. And we have sold at around 17,800 per square feet. I'm not trying to criticize, but just wanted understand 
the strategy from here on. Were we trying to suppress the price increase that was happening in Gurgaon and 
potentially would have impacted the affordability in the future? So just wanted to understand your thoughts on that. 
Aakash Ohri: 
So as for Arbour's concern, again, with this particular thing, as I said, has been great learning. So as far as the price 
points are concerned, we deliberated, it went back and forth. See, when you're sourcing leads and when you're setting 
up a certain agenda, you should always set it up at a higher price point because we build it from a ground-up story. 
There are more disappointments than anything else. So everybody has to plan their budgets. So when you are doing 
something like that, you'll always -- because even your numbers aren't finalized and all that, so you are kind of 
sussing the market out, but you always put it out in a way as transparent as possible and say you're going to be aware 
about a certain number. So that's what we did. 
But with regard to -- see what happens is there are two things here. If you've seen, projects where other developers 
have launched a month after when the collections begin, that's when it actually gives you the real picture of what the 
demand is, you know, and that's when most of the cancellations and all that happen. That speculation is something 
and then there is the short code people back it up with money. So that's one. 
With regard to Arbour again, in terms of price strategy, that area, let me tell you, we are still about at least about 
maybe 20%, 25%, if not more, higher than what that golf course extension area demanded or traded at that point in 
time. So to be fair, I think we could have, to your point, gone up to maybe 40%, 50%. But I think sometimes sales 
is more important. And to create that a certain amount of hype and actual test out the market is more important than 
is playing around with price points. So I think that's where it was. 
As it stands in the golf course extension, I can talk about 14th of February. I don't think there was any trade that was 
happening beyond 14,000 irrespective of what people were saying. They would start to launch a product at '17 and 
then discount it by 3,000, 4,000. So really, I don't think the prices went beyond that. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
So therefore, for us to come on, to launch something at an 18,000 was -- for that area was a new benchmark. And 
please understand there is a clear distinction between golf course or DLF 5 or golf course road versus that. So yet 
we launched, I thought the pricing was pretty aggressive at 18,000. Now that you look at it in retrospect, yes, could 
you have done better? I'm sure we could have done more. But I think we'll do much more in the future. So that's 
okay. But I think -- I hope I've been able to explain that to you. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
And also for a relatively new micro market, it's retrospect it wasn't a bad idea to lead some markup for the customers 
also. I mean it also sort of tells them that they are almost making a certain mark of almost within 90 days of buying. 
Vivek Anand: 
And also just to add, as Aakash rightly said that in that micro market, our pricing is almost 15% higher than the 
market. I would also like to also add on the quality of sales, I think it cannot be just that in isolation, right? So if you 
really look at the quality of sales, we've been able to not only sell the entire in three months, but we have been able 
to actually collect 10% in the first 30 days. We've been able to sign agreements with all 1,134 customers in the first 
30 days. And we are happy to share that our end-user estimation is higher than 95%. So I think you have to really 
look at everything in totality and not just 1 element of sales, which is price. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
 
Sure and thanks for raising that end user point. So we've seen company marketing, it's projecting Singapore and 
Dubai. So we have started this obviously, NRI marketing as well would have been prevalent earlier as well. But 
what's the strategy there? I mean would those demand would still be considered as end user demand considering that 
they are really NRI investors, and they would always settle there. sir, your strategy on that? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. So NRI has contributed to about 20% of the business. And -- we have thankfully -- I can -- I'm happy to state 
we have an NRI who returned from Singapore, Mr. Sriram Khattar, invested at DLF property and lived in that. So 
we have millions of examples like this. NRIs, I'll tell you something. This constituency, we were not aggressively 
targeting after having done that maybe previously. When I remember when I used to run golf and other businesses, 
they would welcome us with open arms and all that. And it was a great relationship. After that, we kind of stepped 
back from that market, colleagues who were kind of running it earlier. 
So when I saw the opportunity right now for the last 1 year specifically, there was constant and consistent feedbacks 
and demand from the NRI market saying that by the time they get prepped up, it's sold. They never get the inventory. 
They have tried it out in a project called Grove in Q3, when we spoke about, I tried it out in the Valley Gardens in 
Panchkula and which you all are aware of. And this time, we went a little more aggressive. Our NRI contributions 
have been almost 14%, 15% if I look at INR15,000, but actually, we started -- if I look at the 10,000 guidance we've 
given, it's almost 20%. So that is a market which is ready. That is a market which is wanting good real estate 
investments to make. 
And for the future, I mean, I have seen so many NRI come back and want to settle in areas which are fully provided 
for security, safety aspects that they look, green sustainable. I think that's what DLF stands for. So there is a -- I'm 
seeing a tremendous demand from that market. I've been making those statements. I know you've got a chance to 
make them. But whether it's the Middle East, US is one of our biggest markets. And then, of course, you've got 
Southeast Asia. 
So I think this time, there was a concerted plan from Q1 to target the NRIs. It's spawned a lot of good through. And 
this year, again, we'll continue the trend. But NRIs have -- what I think right now is, they always love to invest. And 
they've been -- other than the Indian markets where they lost money previously, they kind of spent their money or 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
wanted to invest all over the world, other than India. I'm seeing that trend change over the last year, 1 year, 1.5 years 
and a very heartening to know that. And we are going to be continuing to be there in those markets because they're 
very precise. They know what they want. There are no hassles. They work like those countries, the work. The 
payments come on time, the agreements are done, either they are on or they are not. So it's a very clear and clean 
system of working with the NRIs. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
And Pritesh, one more thing you mentioned about end users. So please appreciate anybody who is buying a INR8 
crores property in most cases, it could be his second property, it may not be his first property. 
When we say end user, we are looking at people who are looking to buy this property and holding it for a very long 
term versus short-term investors who would buy, pay 20%, flip it over, which used to be the overwhelming trend set 
is about seven years, eight years back. These are people, who are buying the property. A serious investment decisions 
either for staying or for renting as a second property or whatever. But who are not looking to flip it over short to 
medium term. That's what end user really means. You mentioned that if somebody is stay in Singapore, how can he 
be an end user. So I'm just clarifying that. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks for the clarification. And one last question on the launch pipeline for next year, it really looks 
too good. I've seen like around 4 million square feet, 4.5 million square feet of projects being added this year. If I 
adjust the second phase of Arbour, so I would like to know what are those projects that we have added to our pipeline. 
Probably Crest 2 is one, but apart from that? 
Vivek Anand: 
Okay. So the estimate for the current year is 11 million square feet. So let me start with luxury. Luxury, we've given 
an estimate of close to 5 million square feet, of which we will have a residential housing coming up in DLF 5. That 
will be close to 3.5 million square feet, plus another residential housing coming up in Chennai. That's for about the 
Luxury. I’ll move to premium, which is approximately 5 million square feet, which includes DLF City, Garden City 
Floors and residential housing in New Gurugram. 
Then we have projected some SCOs, commercial in 5 City coming for including new Gurgaon. And finally, it's 
Noida IT Park and data center. So those are broadly the project and the locations, which are part of this 11 million 
square feet for the current fiscal…. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sorry. Sure. Your voice cracked up a bit in between. So if I got it correctly, there is a Chennai project, which is 
planned in premium and there is a... 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
Luxury project. 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
Chennai is a Luxury project. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. Okay. Luxury project. And there is a residential housing in New Gurgaon that was going to be a high rise 
project, right? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, that's right.  
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
It could be a mid to high rise. It won't be independent floors, but it could be mid to high rise. Let's see where exactly 
the building is finally settled at. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks for very detailed answers and I'll jump back to the queue. Thank you. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Management: 
Thank You so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is the text question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
As per news report, Cognizant is cutting back on 11 million square feet in office space in order to save cost. 
Cognizant is one of the top clients. Is Cognizant vacating DLF offices too? Would it be a new trend? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Well, let me answer this question at a little broader level before I come specifically to Cognizant. See, after the 
COVID, there are two, three things that have got established. One is that India's digital backbone is very strong. 
Two, India has a compelling case for cost competitiveness in terms of English-speaking young techies on one side 
and global quality real estate at a fraction of a cost on the other. So the long-term trend does not change at all. 
The other is that we in DLF and my brother in the industry are also seeing a shift from third party IT service providers 
that too who are -- who have been very extensive in their approach and not focused on one side, the trend moving to 
global capability centers which are much more stronger and much more sort of sticky.  
Now cognizant has had a bad run and in our portfolio they have given up over the years about 30%, 35% space 
primarily in Chennai, compared to what I understand about 60% space in some of the other buildings that they 
occupy. Does it impact us? Till now? No. Will it impact us in future? Yes, there will be a marginal impact of five, 
six months before we lease the place again.  
And please understand that as and when say Cognizant vacates are mark-to-market rentals are about 18%, 20%, 25% 
higher, depending on the location compared to the existing rentals. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
And again, just to react to I mean, we I said what Sriram said, I think a medium term trend you will see is a declining 
overtime share of the third party IT, ITeS provider with respect to the captive GCCs that I think is just a trend that's 
just here and you can't deny that. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, so just to take this logic a little forward, we have had three new buildings in the last three, four years and you're 
aware of that. One is Cyber Park. One is Downtown 2 and Downtown 3 in Gurgaon which is 1.5 million square feet. 
And one is about 3.3 million square feet in Downtown Chennai. The total of these buildings put together is about 8 
million square feet, 9 million square feet. And I dare say that we don't even have a single third party IT service 
provider in the -- this has been predominantly taken up by the global capability centers and the chunks in which to 
take up is larger. So in these sort of 8 million square feet, 9 million square feet, the total number of tenants are about 
30 to 35. And that's a very positive trend that we see in our portfolio. 
We also see that the demand that is coming up and the potential employees that are there are quite strong from the 
global capability centers rather from the third party IT service providers, who definitely take up space but the 
volumes that they take up are far lower. And what moves the needle is the space taken up by the global capability 
centers and not by the third party providers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So we have one more question from the same participant. You're planning to launch 11 million square 
feet valued at INR20,000 crores. What would be the ticket size? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, it ranges, it will possibly be in a range of INR2 crores to INR15 crores, I would say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is the text question from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Of the 2.2 MSF expected to be completed in Downtown Chennai in FY '24, how much has been pre- leased? Thank 
you. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, so Downtown Chennai is three towers, totalling to about 3.3 million square feet. We have out of this already 
pre-leased about 2.8 million, 2.9 million including the some bit of hard options which two very large tenants have 
there. And so about 400,000 square feet, 450,000 square feet is left to be leased. I think it's been a very positive 
development and it's been to about five, six tenants only and we are just now starting to plan for the -- we have 
another 3 million to 3.2 million further to construct there. And we have initiated the process of planning to start the 
construction of those. It will take a little time for this project to complete, say another eight-odd months and then we 
should commence the construction of the balance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is an audio question from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Hi. Firstly, congratulations on a great quarter. Secondly, when I look at your launch guidance of 11 million square 
feet versus 10 million square feet last year, considering the overall market is doing so well and I mean, even a peer 
group like say, M3M clocked record sales this year. So the underlying demand in the market is pretty strong. And 
we have practically sold out or like, substantially sold out whatever we have launched. The 11 million square feet 
guidance, are we being again very cautious in terms of new launches here? 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
So A, what I'd say Kunal is that, I think especially when dealing with relatively premier end of the market for players 
like us and maybe a couple of players other others also in the country, maybe it's also high time that the analyst 
community moves away from its, obsession with the million square feet number. It's a completely irrelevant metric 
really. We do it because you guys want it. I think, we should be looking at the pre-sales value and most important, 
the margin that we are going to generate. I think from a margin standpoint really that we have planned to generate 
by new launches next year, I think, we'll find it. I hopefully have a healthy clip growth for what we did this year. I 
can do 20 million square feet of colony in New Gurgaon, Indore and Chandigarh, which will which will fill the head, 
but honestly, those things won't generate money in that format. So I think, we just need to be cautious. Also, please 
appreciate that in some cases, if you calibrate your launches well, you are obviously doing what you need to do from 
a sales and a margin standpoint, but there is also price accretion happening in those markets, which really with a 
little bit of patience tends to pay off disproportionately. The INR19,000 crores we are launching really. 11 million 
is not the metric INR19,000 crores is the metric that you should look at. 
Vivek Anand: 
Also, Kunal, just to add to what Mr. Tyagi said, last year, our average price realization was almost INR15,000 a 
square feet. And this year, it's improving or increasing to almost close to INR18,000 a square feet, right? So I think 
it's the way we see it, it's more of a value game than a volume game. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Understood. Just a follow-up on your new launches which you highlighted for '24, I did not hear about One Midtown, 
is it scheduled for next year? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. So One Midtown is this year. In fact, we preponed it Kunal, from Q2 to Q1. So you will most probably, it will 
be end of -- we planned it end of this month. So it's going on well. One Midtown is the last tower D, rest as you 
know is already announced. It's going on. Yes, so that in fact we moved to Q1. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. So basically the luxury segment launches would have a 5 million square feet would have 3.5 million square 
feet of phase 5 and then One Midtown and Chennai luxury? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
One Midtown is the part of the inventory of 7,000. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Secondly, just again a clarification on the rental portfolio. So you did highlight that in the newer projects, what 
has been the contributions from the third party IT providers, but on an overall portfolio basis, how much would you 
occupy the third party IT providers and are we worried on that side? 
Sriram Khattar: 
I would not be able to give you a figure off hand, but I can just say that the third-party service provider as a percentage 
of the total portfolio is declining. Are we concerned about that? The answer is no. The reason is that within third-
party service providers, it is not that everyone is weak. There are reasonably strong players there also. And to the 
medium-sized third-party providers who do niche work, like in the area of healthcare or property management 
continue to do very well. And if any hiccup happens in any sector there in the delivery sector, the reflection of that 
on the portfolio is minuscule. So if one or two or three or four or five of the weaker ones leave, it does not move the 
needle on the portfolio as a whole. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And just a follow-up on that, what would be the March '24 exit rental? 
Sriram Khattar: 
March '24 exit rentals should be in the ballpark of INR380 crores to INR400 crores, INR420 crores a month, yes. 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
So the exit run-rate, on an annualized basis, it will be about INR4,800 crores, INR4,900 crores 
Kunal Lakhan: 
 
Great. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a text question from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL. Two questions. How is 
the demand for Camellias, since April and changes to capital gains-loss? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. So Camellias demand. Now as you know, we're in the fag end of it, and it's been established pretty well received, 
good references, everything going on, pretty okay. In fact, the price points that, you may know now, have been 
increased to INR50,000 a BSP, Basic Sale Price for lower floors, eight and below; nine and 12, about INR55,000; 
and 14 and above INR60,000, a square foot, plus PLCs and everything else, which basically takes it to about anything 
between INR45 crores to about INR55 crores an apartment costs. These are the regular ones. And then, of course, 
the 11,000 on all are, even more. So the demand has been pretty good, and we've been able to kind of maintain our 
price points also. 
So as far as Camellias is concerned, that's been good. With reference to your point about capital gains, I didn't see 
that much happening in Camellias, the 31st and before. They have two years to invest. So probably that will be there. 
I don't know. But at this point in time, we've got a very healthy demand for Camellias, which is continuing. And the 
last, whatever number of apartments that, are left will focus on that also. But the price points have considerably gone 
up, since we last spoke, to almost about I think INR50,000 a square foot, which is quite a big jump. 
And if you all recall 18 months back, the price was INR37,500 a square foot, which is now the same. As I just 
mentioned, there's anything between INR50,000 to INR60,000. So that's going on. But reference, specifically about 
capital gains, I haven't seen that kind of a push, from that side. But yes, hopefully, they have the time. Everybody 
has seen it. As and when their money is come in, hopefully, I think we are on the top 3 call. We are on the top 1, top 
2, top 3 properties to be invested in India. So, yes. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, we have the second question from the same participant. How do you see cash flows next year? What 
do you plan to do, with operating cash flow in FY '24 now that, you are nearly net debt-free? Thank you. 
Vivek Anand: 
Okay. Thanks, Mohit, for those questions. So on the cash flows, let me start with collections. So last financial year, 
we had a good year on the collection side. We collected INR5,300 crores of collections we had, which was almost a 
growth of 25%. And as I look into '23, '24, I expect the same run rate to continue. So, we expect our collections to 
grow 20% to 25%, this year. Having said that, as you know, we are scaling up our business. So there is a significant 
outflow, which is happening, both on the construction and the construction, including the capex side. So we expect 
our construction outflow to increase by almost 50%, during the financial year. 
How do we really plan to utilize this cash? I think, that's something, which is, we've been saying very, very clearly 
that, our first priority is to put cash behind growth. And we will continue to do that. The second priority is to, really 
continue to reward our shareholders. And we've done that, this year, as you know. 
And the third priority is to really repay the debt. So, I think in that sequence, we'll continue to really allocate our 
cash, what we generate year-on-year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is an audio-video question from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Hi all. Congrats on good numbers. Just following-up on the previous question on utilization of the cash. So we have 
large land auction coming up in Gurgaon. Any thoughts on participating in the same? 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
So, as far as the land auctions in Gurgaon, I don't know, what you are talking about is, the large land auction. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
HSIIDC 1 -- The Global City? 
Management: 
In HSIIDC… 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
The Global City, in all fairness, at the price point that, Haryana is talking about, we do not believe, it is a matter of 
interest to us as of today, frankly. But it is HSIIDC and other Haryana bodies, keep on coming up with localized 
auctions of interesting land parcels, some of which, we do occasionally participate in. but those are frankly, far 
smaller numbers. The Global City is not something, we are actively looking at right now. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. Sir, second question on the premium pipeline. So the average pricing that you, sort of worked out only, luxury 
end is around 25K. Is it fair to believe that, the Phase 5 launch or Crest 2, could come closer to 30K? Is that the right 
one for us, to look at now? 
Ashok Kr Tyagi:  
Yes, I wouldn't want to speculate on that right now  
Abhinav Sinha: 
 
Okay. Sir, thanks a lot and all the best. 
Ashok Kr Tyagi: 
 
Okay. But nice try. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Hi, Thank you and congrats on a great quarter and the year. Just quick two questions. One is, do you have any more 
land parcels in Golf Course extension, or any plans to augment over there? And second is, in the longer term, how 
do you think about the retail or the mall portfolio that, you are expanding? 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
I'll answer the first one and then defer to Sriram on the second one. So I don't think, we have an active land parcel 
of any sizable scale on the Golf Course extension road, right now, do we. No. Sorry, we have one more land parcel 
here, in Sector 69. We also have a very major land parcel closer to the Southern Peripheral Road, which actually 
runs into like almost a couple of 100 acres, Sameer ji. So those are clearly, both of those are, on the active list of 
planning right now. And maybe a part of it, could come up in the coming fiscal. 
What you said about, are you looking at acquiring more space there. As you know, because of a couple of developers 
on that -- on the Golf Course extension road, who have been under some degree of stress regulatory or financial. 
There have been a few land parcels, which keep on coming up through the banking auction system route, etcetera. 
So at least, there are one or two parcels, which we have been interested in the past, nothing specified yet. And if 
something does, we'll be more than happy to come in and disclose. But right now as we speak, there's nothing that 
really is looking at closure. 
Sriram Khattar:                    On the retail portfolio, at a macro level, the retail in India is going to be quite robust in the years to come because of 
this year, economic growth that is taking place in the country. And people moving from -- to the middle class and 
from middle class into the upper middle class on one side, to within retail, organized retail is going to do better than 
the retail as a whole. And the percentage of offline sales are -- have not gone up for the last 2 years and 2.5 years, 
and I don't see them, going up either. 
So organized retail in good locations has in our view, a very bright future. And if I can hazard to take a guess on the 
market as a whole, retail as a portfolio, in terms of growth will do equal to or better than the growth of the offices 
portfolio. And that's why, we embarked on this journey of about 18 months back on doubling our retail portfolio 
from the present, about 4.5 million square feet to about 9 million square feet. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Sir, you will retain the retail portfolio within DLF, or would there be plans to split it off? And to the earlier answer, 
so there's a couple of 100 acres of land, Southern Peripheral Road, you mentioned, which sector is that? 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
Yes, So I know there's 74, 76, 77. So in all sectors, there it is. And there's also, some part of it is, commercial, large 
chunk of it is residential. It's a combo of both residential and commercial also. 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay. Got it. Yes. And just on the retail portfolio, sir? 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
So, on the retail portfolio. The retail portfolio that, we are developing in the DLF side, you're right. Most probably, 
we would want to transfer it to hopefully Cyber City. But as you know, that's a decision that, has to be taken jointly 
with our shareholders, GIC. So frankly, right now, we are developing it, once it's complete and leased out, so that a 
clear cap rate-based transfer price can be worked out. At that time, we will engage with Sriram and GIC, on trying 
to transfer that. If they will not buy, at that time, but hopefully, they will. 
Sriram Khattar: 
But for clarify, out of the about 4.5 million to 5 million growth, 2.6 million to 3 million is within the DCCDL 
portfolio. What is outside the DCCDL portfolio is about 1.4 million, 1.5 million. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Yes. Got it, sir. Very clear. Thank you. 
Management: 
And today, Sameerji, like MS Dhoni, you dropped yourself down in the batting order. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Yes. Next time, I will try to do it better. 
Management: 
 
I mean, Dhoni, like you, makes a huge effect at the end also. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Thank you, 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashok 
Tyagi for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashok Kr. Tyagi: 
So, thank you once again, everybody, for taking out time on a Saturday and coming up and having a very nice chat. 
Some of you, who have been with us for a long time, I think really, to some degree, for a long time, there were a lot 
of business strategies that, we have been trying to pursue. We had our tough time, where you know, through the last 
decade in many years, both events local to us, as well as macro to the market. 
That's what it does appear that, we are now hopefully hitting our peak stride both in the DevCo business and in the 
RentCo business. And the RentCo business, we hopefully run possibly, with the best office and retail portfolios, that 
exist right now. And our DevCo team, we are hitting a good stride now. And hopefully, our debt problem is 
conclusively behind us. And the cash generation is now happening on a regular basis. 
We just hope that fiscal 23-24, we can sustain the gains that we have made in the last fiscal and continue to 
strengthening ourselves on these things and the market holds up, even the interest rate cycle, which at, one time was 
sort of beginning to loom in as a major challenge. Hopefully, if not at the peak, we are possibly closer to the peak 
than, we have been in the last 12 months. And at some stage in six, nine months down the line, things should begin 
reversing. So really, both from India really is, on the cusp of a very major economic upswing. And hopefully, the 
real estate sector in both offices, retail and residential, should all benefit from it. So really, with that optimism, I 
thank you again, and thank you. 
Vivek Anand: 
 
Thank you. 
Sriram Khattar:  
Thank you. 
Aakash Ohri: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DLF Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
