 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,                                                                                                           Date: 17-Feb-2023 
 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited. 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270) 
The Manager, 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations, 
2015) -Transcript of Earnings call held on 10th February 2023.  
 
Unit: MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on February 10, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e. 
www.mtar.in. You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shubham Sunil Bagadia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Shubham 
Sunil 
Bagadia
Digitally signed 
by Shubham Sunil 
Bagadia 
Date: 2023.02.17 
17:21:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS REDDY – MD AND PROMOTER, MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GUNNESWARA RAO – CFO, MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI – SENIOR MANAGER 
STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS, MTAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
MTAR Technologies Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Mitchell. Good morning everyone, myself, Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. We are 
Investor Relation Advisor to the Company. I hope all of you and your families are safe and 
healthy. 
On behalf of MTAR Technologies, I extend a very warm welcome to all participants on Q3 and 
9-month FY23 Financial Discussion call. 
Today, on the call, we have Mr. Srinivas Reddy sir – MD and Promoter; Mr. Gunneswara Rao 
sir – CFO and Ms. Srilekha Jasthi – Manager (Strategy and Operations). I hope everyone had an 
opportunity to go through our Investor Deck and press release that we have uploaded yesterday 
on exchanges and on Company’s website. 
I would like to give a short disclaimer before we start the call. The call may contain some of the 
forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our belief and opinion and 
expectation as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I hand over the call to Srinivas sir. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you, Irfan, hello and good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us 
today. Today, on the call, I am joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao – Chief Financial Officer; Ms. 
Srilekha Jasthi – Senior Manager, Strategy and Operations and Orient Capital, our Investor 
Relation partners. We have uploaded our updated Investor Deck, press release and results 
highlights on stock exchanges and Company website. I hope everybody had an opportunity to 
go through the same. 
I am pleased to inform you all that the Company continues to deliver strong growth in top line 
and bottomline. 
The Company has clocked the revenue of Rs. 160 crores with an EBITDA of Rs. 45 crores and 
PAT of Rs. 31 crores. I would like to give a brief overview on the third quarter performance and 
the future outlook of the Company. The Company registered a very significant growth in clean 
energy vertical which is definitely as expected and we have done much better than the previous 
quarter as well. We have generated revenues close to Rs. 125 crores in this segment. We have 
also commenced our operations as you all know in sheet metal assemblies  this fiscal year and 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
we continue to get qualified for many SMBs moving forward as well. We have already 
dispatched close to about Rs. 25 crores of sheet metal assemblies and enclosures have been 
approved and dispatches are getting commenced this quarter. 
The Company has done significantly well in delivering 1,430 units of Yuma boxes and 20 units 
of electrolyzers this quarter which is significant averaging 500 units per month and we have also 
started receiving enough orders in the Hydel sector as well from the reputed companies like GE, 
Andritz and Voith. We are expecting to finalize various discussions with some of the leading 
MNC companies in US for the energy storage systems which will come into effect next year 
with substantial increase our revenue base completely defense sector on the clean energy 
segment. We have also initiated discussions with various other MNCs like Thales, Collins 
Aerospace and various other MNCs at this time and we have also received orders from few of 
them as of today. 
As you are all aware that we have signed MoU with Indian National Space Promotion and 
Authorization Center which is called IN-SPACe for design and development of two-stage to 
low-earth orbit all-liquid small satellite launch vehicle. We are very excited with this. The design 
has already started for this particular innovation that we are working on and the Company is in 
the process of recruiting industrial reference for the launch that we provided at this point of time. 
As I mentioned earlier, we had given a revenue guidance of 55% - 60% increase in revenuesand 
I would like to revise these efforts based on our very strong Q4 coming up with revenues of 
between Rs. 570 crores to Rs. 600 crores of revenues being generated for the entire year, this 
current financial year which is a substantial increase compared to the previous guidance what 
we have given and also having signs of maintaining the EBITDA margins around 29% with plus 
minus 50 basis points. We are also expecting our order book, which is very strong, closing order 
book of close to about Rs. 1,200 crores as against Rs. 1,000 crores what we had mentioned 
earlier. 
And one of the most positive update also on the management front is that we have appointed a 
new Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Raja Sheker Bollampally who has a vast experience in 
operations across geographies and global OEMs. like Bloom Energy, Ford Motors, Ohmium 
etc. The Company is set to achieve greater milestones under his leadership as well. Also, we are 
strengthening our management bandwidth across all functions which we did in a continuous 
process to be in line with our active growth path. 
Moving forward to FY24, we would maintain very good growth momentum to the tune of 45% 
to 50% in the revenues and we will be sustaining our margins very comfortably. The Company 
specifically is also placing efforts to reduce the working capital days which our CFO would 
explain with more clarity. Technically, we are at about 240 days right now, it is lower than last 
quarter and we tried to reduce it further to about 270 days by end of this year. With this, I would 
hand over to CFO Mr. Gunneswara Rao to take this forward. Thank you. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Thank you, Mr. Srinivas Reddy. Good morning everyone and warm welcome to our earnings 
call today. I will take you through the financial performance post which we will open the floor 
for the question and answers. Coming to our revenue, the revenue for the 9 months period of Rs. 
377 crores which is higher than the last entire financial year revenue of  Rs. 322 crores. So, we 
have surpassed the revenue, EBITDA, PAT, everything in terms of absolute numbers compared 
to entire financial year numbers. Our revenue from operations for this quarter is Rs. 160 crores 
as against Rs. 126 crores in Q2 FY23 which is 27% increase on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
EBITDA reported at Rs. 45 crores in Q3 FY23 as compared to Rs. 35 crores in Q2 FY23 which 
is 29% increase on quarter-on-quarter. Profit before tax stands at Rs. 42 crores in Q3 FY23 as 
against Rs. 33 crores in Q2 FY23 which is 27% increase on quarter-on-quarter basis. Profit after 
tax was at Rs. 31 crores in Q3 FY23 as against Rs. 25 crores in Q2 FY23 which is 27% increase 
on quarter-on-quarter basis. So, our networking capital days stands at 287 days, however, Rs. 39 
crores was received from Bloom energy on 7th of January on account of Christmas holidays. 
This has resulted 39 days increase in working capital days. The working capital days would have 
been 248 days had it been received in December 22. So, when it comes to receivable, out of Rs. 
241 crores of receivables, Rs. 195 crores are current and the rest are overdue receivables and  
within the credit period extended to the customers. 
As informed by our MD, we will maintain our closing order book of around Rs. 1,200 crores by 
end of this fiscal year. Our order book as at 31st December stands at Rs. 1,183 crores. So, the 
Company has received Rs. 893 crores of order in various sectors including clean energy, civil 
nuclear power, fuel cells, hydel sector as on YTD 31st December 22. Also, we are set to deliver 
the strong performance in FY24 as well. As the revenue ramps up, we are expecting to  sustainae 
margins due to operating leverages. In addition, as discussed by our MD, the addition to Mr. 
Raja Shekar Bollampally to our leadership as a COO is expected to propel our growth further. 
So, with this, I open the floor for discussion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers, I just wanted to first understand this additional Rs. 
140 crores order that we have said that we got this quarter, which segment and which client if 
you can highlight that and maybe just on your revised revenue guidance of Rs. 570 crores that 
implies a deal of the low run of 77%, so what is really driving this growth and which is the 
segment that really stands out in Q4? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thanks, Deepak. As I said earlier, this Rs. 140 crores which actually I should have mentioned 
in my earlier speech, one good news is that in our product portfolio division, we had got qualified 
for the ASPs which one of our products which we are working on and based on the qualification 
and the initial batch production, we have received an order for Rs. 100 crores for this product 
itself. Technically, it is about a requirement of Rs. 130 crores per year, this is a great addition to 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
our revenue base and I would really congratulate my R&D team for being able to achieve this in 
hardly about 4 to 5 months’ time. So, the product got approved and we are able to get this order 
as well and the rest of the orders are from Hydel and other segments that we are holding right 
now. So, these orders were expected to come in the previous quarter, but they have come in early 
Q4 itself, so that is why we had to highlight that to all of you at this time. Now, coming to the 
revision on the guidance numbers based on what we have achieved with Q3 and what we are 
almost at the middle of February right now, we have a clear path in which in a confirm way, we 
can say that we will be able to achieve anywhere between Rs. 575 to Rs. 600 crores of revenues 
for this year which almost is close to 80-85% compared to the previous year and the growth is 
primarily coming not only from, in the last quarter it is going to be stronger, not only from the 
fuel cell area, but also in terms of the new products that we have received the order and as well 
as the revenues that we are going to catch up in terms of nuclear and space as well in the last 
quarter. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
So, ASP is essentially for Bloom itself, right if my understanding is correct? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, that is right. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir, may be just a follow-up question then on essentially margins, so do we still kind of stay 
confident in the 29% range because essentially it is slightly below for the 9-month basis, so I 
think would it be that nuclear and space sort of helps us catch up the margin, if any thoughts on 
that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, we would probably maintain around 29% plus minus 50 basis points at the end of the 
financial year because we will be getting sales coming in from nuclear and space as well in this 
quarter and based on the revenue that we generate for the first quarter we are pretty confident 
that we will be able to have this kind of margins for the entire year. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir, maybe just one last question from mine, I just wanted to understand essentially your working 
capital days, you have sort of received this Rs. 39 crores odd on Jan 7, but what is the glide path 
that kind of take us to 220, is it more of receivables sort of converting that into cash, is it 
inventory management because I see comment that there is a higher inventory basically due to 
Q4 revenue that you are going to look, so maybe just any incremental points on how you kind 
of end up closer to 220 days in terms of working capital? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
I will answer this question. Because of the Christmas holidays in USA, we received one week 
late on this Bloom energy receivable. As of today, we are 248 days and looking at the higher 
guidance given by our MD, so definitely I think we can be able to maintain the working capital 
days around 225 days by end of this financial year. We are doing lot of steps in terms of reduction 
of working capital, but as you know we are working on the long cycle project for which there is 
made  to order scenario we are working, we need to maintain the WIP because operating cycle 
is very high and looking at the next year growth also, I think our MD has given the percentages 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
already. We need to import material or purchase material one quarter in advance for the next 
quarter delivery , so the inventory always is for a future sale, not for what that has happened, but 
incidentally we need to calculate working capital days on the actual sales basis. Also, many of 
the supplier credit terms we are making into LC terms  instead of paying advances unlike during 
COVID scenario we used to pay advances, now I think we are slowly converting into the LC 
credit terms and all and we also try and do the receivable factoring on nonrecourse basis, we are 
talking to various banks . Once it is materialized, I think drastically working capital reduction 
will happen, but definitely around 225 days we will do it by end of this financial year because 
of the higher revenue numbers. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just on Bloom also, is there any improvement in the overall receivable cycle, like it is 45 
days after shipment because transmit reduced or anything incrementally positive on that front? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yes, definitely supply chain that is any reduction in the transit times, it automatically will help 
our reduction in working capital, so I think that is also now happening slowly, but not as before 
COVID level, it still take some more time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, my first question is, how do you see the order inflow for FY24 and revenues stacking up? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The order inflow as I said we have received orders until December, close to I think Rs. 893 or 
Rs. 900 crores and for the end of the year, we should have a closing order book close to about 
Rs. 1,200 crores is what we are expecting. So, I think we will have a very strong order book 
position. We earlier said Rs. 1,000 crores, but now it should end up around Rs. 1,200 crores is 
what we are expecting right now. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My question is more about FY24, 12 to 18 months, how is this order inflow? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
FY24, obviously, we will be expecting lot more orders in FY24. We are working on various 
products as I said, so our order inflow I can't just quantify it right now, but we probably would 
receive lot more orders in FY24 compared to FY23. 
Mohit Kumar: 
We are just looking for some kind of segmental outlook, I am not asking you to quantify the 
exact number, just a color on which are the segment which you are looking, which you are 
thinking will add materially to the order inflow for FY24, just outlook, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Basically, on the fuel cell side, we would receive substantial orders, the way we have received 
this year probably slightly more than that. Then, we are doing pretty well in terms of Hydel 
sector with GE Power, with Andritz, Voith. We have completed all the first article, so we will 
move on to the volume kind of the scenario next year. So, we would expect a lot more orders at 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
least close to more than about Rs. 100 crores plus in that particular segment which is the new 
segment for us and sheet metal would be another area where we would expect lot more orders 
coming in. Apart from this, the ISRO has already advised us to get upon almost tripling our 
capacity because they want to increase the number of  launches moving forward, so we would 
expect lot more orders coming in. So, it is looking very encouraging in all these sectors as well 
and that is where we stand right now. So, that is why we are pretty confident about getting much 
higher order book from various segments, not necessarily one segment, through various 
segments as well. 
Mohit Kumar: 
On the Electrolyzer side, Hydrogen Electrolyzer, are we hearing something where are we right 
now in terms of evolution of our products? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Electrolyzers, we have received an order for 200 numbers which we completed probably 100 
numbers this quarter and probably 100 numbers next quarter and then once that is done, we are 
expecting the ramp up which I have said earlier, the ramp up should happen by about third 
quarter of next year. So, that would be substantial ramp up happening moving forward. So, we 
are very excited about that. That is a completely independent vertical, so that would bring us lot 
of revenues back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Congrats for the wonderful set of numbers, sir, one quick question on where do you see yourself 
in the defense sector in next 3-4 years and what are all the steps that you are taking as you see 
that current contribution to revenue from defense sector is around 5%, I believe, so how are you 
seeing to have a good share of that sector? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Defense, basically we are working on lot of projects that defense lacks right now which we have 
been doing for number of years, but we obviously would like to become a defense a prime for 
Air Force, Navy things like that, so we are working towards that. It is all about technology in 
terms of working with various MNCs in a joint manner based on the Make in India concept or 
the Buy India concept that we have with 50% of production happening in India for all key 
projects. So, we are in touch with number of companies abroad as well, so you will hear from 
us very shortly what steps we are taking to really move into the line of defense prime shortly 
probably in a month or month and a half. So, as and when it happens, we will definitely let all 
of you know about it, but we are definitely working on that. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir and another stuff which I wanted to understand, in terms of, when you get a big order from 
any of your segments, how do you accelerate your capacity, so we know that you are incurring 
CAPEX, but how quickly you can bring new capacity in line with the requirement of the 
industry? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, we have enough capacity to handle whether in nuclear space, any of 
this defense requirements, but you are also aware that we are gearing upon the electronic division 
as well. One good news is that we have already implemented the cable harness systems in the 
Company and we are getting qualified in some of the MNCs by next month itself, but we 
proactively look at the forecast and demand and then we implement or augment capacity 
accordingly well ahead of time. That is what we have done even for the fuel cell the way we are 
going in that line. So, recently, we have already acquired land in the SEZ zone to cater to the 
future requirements of the Company, the way it is growing. So, we are proactively working on 
such things much ahead of that. So, we always do that and we continue to do that. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, on this clean energy segment, your tie-up with Bloom energy, so how does that relationship 
work sir, is it like you have a long-term agreement with Bloom energy, so just to secure your 
revenues for the mid-term, so how does that relationship work sir, any insight that you can give? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It is not only about Bloom energy, but with all our customers, if you look at even ISRO or nuclear 
programs or any other customer, MNC customers, it is more like a partnership based because 
we work on lot of developmental activities with them and we work with them in developing and 
making their product also very competitive not in terms of price versus volume, but also in terms 
of innovation that we do. So, it is always a long relationship even moving forward as well. 
Anika Mittal: 
And any idea like will you be getting any big client next to Bloom energy in near term, any 
insights that you can give on that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, as I said earlier we are working with couple of companies on their energy storage system 
which are US based, which could be close to what Bloom could be, probably 2 years for now. 
So, these are the companies which we are working in different segments under clean energy, so 
obviously we are adding lot more customers. We have a great platform to work with all of them 
and our qualification process also is pretty quick as I said because of the platform that we have 
created over the years. So, definitely we will see lot more customers coming over the next 1-2 
years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, I have just two questions, first in your presentation you have mentioned that you have started 
to work on ceramic assemblies for Bloom, so if you can give some perspective on what are these 
products and they will be associated with the Keeylockoo range of the electrolyzers which end 
product of Bloom and how are we looking at growth in this market? Also for ceramics, are we 
doing any particular CAPEX at the moment or not? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No ceramic assemblies, we don’t need any CAPEX at this time because it is the kind of a product 
which we are actively we are importing it from US at this point of time. So, as we have done 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
earlier, the number of bought-outs we have indigenized and localized everything in entire extent 
that is how our spends Bloom has gone from step to step. So, the ceramic assemblies go in all 
the systems whether it is in Keeylocko or whether it is in Yuma or within the Electrolyzers as 
well. So, we are in the process of getting qualified for that and probably it takes a quarter also if 
we get qualified. Our existing equipment machinery  handle this. We need to import the ceramics 
board from Germany. That is the only thing which we need to do. There are some supply lead 
times involved in that, so once that is done we will be all set for that, but if you look at the ASPs, 
we have done a remarkable job as I said in 3 to 4 month’s time we got qualified and we also 
received an order for Rs. 100 crore in the product division which we had classified as products. 
So, similarly, we are also working on heaters. Right now, it goes in the electrolyzers, so that 
would take about 6 months’ time to get qualified, trying to localize that as well as it was being 
imported from US. And the recent development is there is a product called dielectric which goes 
into the Yuma box system which has got a potential of almost Rs. 200 crores plus, so we are 
going develop that is going to happen starting from next week onwards. So, we are trying to do 
more and more of this product, so the upside of all this will come into play once we get qualified. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, just to clarify the ASP Rs. 100 crores order that you have received, it is classified in the 
products business are not in clean energy or it is reflected as a part of the clean energy portfolio 
itself? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It is technically clean energy, but actually it is a product which we are supplying in multiple 
numbers, so if you look at whether it is ASPs or bellows which we are using in-house, but it is 
also a product, then roller screws, finally we have qualified for roller screw, we submitted the 
phase we are just waiting for Government of India to take them out for input and that, so all 
these would be classified under product including the EMA, the electromechanical actuator 
which we are doing  right now. So, our idea is to build this product portfolio whether we use it 
for clean energy or for space or defense or nuclear. So, that is how we want to classify them 
going forward. 
Renu Baid: 
Secondly, can you share with us the developments on the electronics business division which 
we had set up, we have done some trial of first articles for Bloom as well and we are targeting 
some new business in this space, so any updates on the electronic division? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, absolutely. We have already established the cable harness business, the equipment, 
everything are fine, we have established it, there is advanced stage of qualification with Bloom 
which should happen in this quarter for sure, so we don’t have to anyway buy the cables moving 
forward for our enclosures. Similarly, ISRO also had come and approved our division including 
HAL also had reviewed our progress in this. So, our idea is to move into the electronic division 
both in domestic, our defense market as well as our exports and once we complete the cable 
harness, then we move onto the other segments of electronics step by step as I said it is one-and-
a-half years kind of a plan, but ultimately we are going to move very strongly in the electronics 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
division probably couple of years from now in all different areas that we are looking at in the 
electronic sector. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, just trying to understand beyond the cable harnesses, you plan to do the PCBs required for 
as in the EMS for PCB for ISRO, HAL, another defense PSUs? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, that is the idea. Once we completely cable harness then the next step is going to do the PCB 
and the blocks build and all that, so that is the idea of moving step by step in the present area. 
Obviously, we are looking at lot more other areas in the electronics division, which is too 
premature to talk about, but we are sincerely looking at really building our product portfolio or 
in terms of the segments that we can work on the electronic side of the story in the defense sector. 
Renu Baid: 
And sir, lastly while you have shared inflow outlook across other segments, any word on the 
nuclear large project of what have been delayed for quite some time now and we are still waiting 
for fleet tenders to pick up momentum, so any updates on the order inflow prospects on the 
nuclear side for current year 23-24 and how should we look at the execution on this business? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Nuclear, what we are trying to do is, our projects are almost like for example, it is a very 
important question what you have asked for. See the fuel machine has orders what we have 
which were almost exclusive in the country. Some of the bought-outs we were asked to actually 
indigenous this because of the need for Government of India, what actually they are facing issues 
with the Russian situation right now also. That is how there has been slight delay in terms of 
getting these bought-outs indigenized. So, we are through with all that, so you will see the 
dispatches happening the fuel head machines starting from this quarter onwards. Similarly, we 
also got orders for the fuel transit systems, the assemblies Bridge & Column, all these orders 
which it has exclusively. We just received these orders, we are in the process of sourcing the 
material  bought-outs for that which some of the bought-outs we still have to indigenized. I will 
just give a simple example, in terms of Thompson Bearings, they have put a ban of not exporting 
those things to India for whatever reason, so now we are developing our own Thompson 
Bearings. The import part of that is Rs. 10 crores, but probably we are developing that and we 
are able do it at 20% of cost. So, we have been asked by government of India to indigenize as 
much as possible so that the dependency on the external factors will not come into play at all. 
So, we are working on all this parallel to make sure that India is self-reliant by itself and we are 
contributing a lot towards that and that thing which is slightly delaying the process, but we will 
catch up with those numbers very quickly, but most important thing is try to indigenize certain 
things which are very crucial for this country at this time. 
Renu Baid: 
And will that also mean that when some of these critical components are localized, you will have 
assured revenue share from the customer from NCCR for these projects, mostly a single vendor 
basis or it would be again bid based? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, that is what you have seen in the case of Water Lubricated Bearings, we are the only 
supplier in the country with an import substitute, the specialized ball screws as well, so similarly 
the Roller Screw is another thing, so Thompson Bearing, so all these are going to be like we are 
spending lot of time in R&D to develop them. It is not easy to do all these. With engineering, it 
is not that easy, but we are happy in doing it, we are happy in achieving it, so we will benefit a 
lot moving forward, so that is the idea behind this also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Congrats on good set of numbers, sir, one thing which we wanted to understand is that like what 
is our strategy in terms of if you want we were also planning to derisk ourselves from the 
dependency on Bloom, so currently you also had mentioned last time that we are looking at 
Voith and other kind of hydropower and other things, so in a 3-year perspective, if you look at 
it like how much will be Bloom’s contribution in your overall topline given the ramp up in the 
other segments which you are expecting? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Let me answer this question to you in a different way. We definitely do have a strong strategy 
moving forward over the next 3 years to 5 years, so the entire work is in different segments. It 
is not only in fuel cell, but we are also now into Hydel, wind, we are also into nuclear programs, 
space and all that. So, if you look at Bloom, today Bloom is the number one leading Company 
in the world in fuel cell technology crossing a million dollar turnover. If you look at the latest 
UBS report on Bloom, there is going to be $3 billion revenue from the next 2 years. So, what I 
am trying to say there is that this Company was built over 15 years and the technology has 
evolved and they are competing with the great power, so I don’t see any kind of risk for the 
Company as such, but that doesn’t mean we are stopping at that point. We are working with 
other fuel cell companies, but other fuel cell companies are way behind Bloom. We still have to 
stabilize on that prototypes, ramp up, and come to the level where Bloom is. So, that will take 
some time, so you have companies like Fluffer for example, so their major revenue of the 
material handling system drive on the fuel cells, so they still have gear up. So, you would love 
them to develop their products very well, so that they can have the need of Company like MTAR 
to work with them. They have no exclusivity with anybody. We keep each individual IPs very 
independent. So, we are working with a number of companies. As I said, we are looking with 
Fluence Energy for energy storage, it is going to be of huge gain in terms of revenues over the 
next 2 years. We are working with EnerVenue, it is another Company which was working in the 
US based Company. So, looking at Voith, GE and Andritz on the Hydel sector, we have already 
completed first articles, we are getting repeat orders right now, so the Company is going in a 
path where we would have lot more wider customer base, but the numbers coming Bloom are 
purely based on their performance in the international market. So, I don’t see that as any kind of 
risk strategically, but we are working towards various ways to enhance our customer base in the 
long run. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And sir, just space program, I think in your PPT also, you have elaborately mentioned, so what 
is the overall size of these projects if they fructify in the next 2 to 3 years and how do you see 
that growing, at what size it can attain in a long-term perspective, can it become Rs. 300-Rs. 400 
crores business? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It would become Rs. 300-Rs. 400 or even much bigger business once we launch our small 
satellite launch vehicle, which said we have started working on it. It is a 3 to 4 years of program 
which we are working on, we are having our own launch vehicle by itself. We have all the 
facilities to do that. We have right now the team also is getting recruited, so we are right on track 
with that, but as far as that’s the game changer for MTAR  and that’s the plan beyond FY26, but 
as far as ISRO is concerned, obviously I mentioned earlier that they are looking at 3 times the 
requirement, the kind of launches that we would like to do or they have asked us to gear upon 
our capacities which we have in most of the areas. So, that would provide a CAGR of 30-35% 
year-on-year basis moving forward. Other than this is the major thing, what is going to happen 
is, once we launch our own vehicle, so that is what our vision is, in the prioritization of the whole 
space sector which Government of India is also pushing for and since we have enough 
experience of 35 years in this line, it would speed up the whole process moving forward. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So, in our own vehicle, probably the Vikas engine will be kind of brought from ISRO and some 
of these engines which you have? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, nothing to do with the Vikas engine, it is our own engine. That is what I am trying to tell 
you. So, we are designing and developing our own entire launch vehicle. So, ISRO’s Vikas 
Engine is completely independent on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, is it possible to quantify some of the new products, you quantified ASP assemblies, sheet 
metal, of course you have done better than we had guided for the year in the 9 months itself, but 
for next financial year, FY24, if you could quantify what would be the sale you could derive 
from these areas like sheet metals, enclosures as well as the new electrolyzer parts that you 
mentioned you would be indigenizing? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As I said the ASPs which we have developed and we received the order for Rs. 100 crores, it is 
the annual requirement it is the same product if we talk about in terms of numbers, each of the 
ASP is about $55 and it is close to about Rs. 130 crores of requirement which we grow year-on-
year basis based on the number of hot boxes which you grow every year. When it comes to 
enclosures, we are looking at almost 3000 numbers of enclosures moving forward in the next 
financial year because we are all geared for that. There has been certain lead time on various 
parts, bought-outs which are going in to the enclosures, so we are all set for that. We got qualified 
for it and in fact the US specification for enclosures also is in the last stage. Probably, by next 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
week we should receive it. So, this would really enhance on a quarterly basis, we are looking at 
almost like somewhere between 600 to 800 enclosures going out every quarter. When it comes 
to sheet metal assemblies, we are actually really well here. We said earlier 67 assemblies we had 
qualified, but right now, another 15 to 20 more assemblies we are going to get qualified for this 
and that is going to increase our revenue base moving forward. Now, the electrolyzers as I said 
is going to once we complete the 200 numbers, the ramp up will definitely happen by the third 
quarter of next financial year for sure. So, we are trying to gear up for that. So, keeping all this 
in mind, we have a very strong outlook not only fuel cell part, in hydel also we got qualified in 
number of areas right now with all these companies. So, we don’t have a very strong growth 
outlook for the next financial year as well. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sir, second question is on nuclear, I think of course you had a very good buildup in the order 
book, but revenues in the first 9 months are definitely, you could see very similar to what we did 
last year, so assuming there is bunching up of revenue going to happen in fourth quarter over 
here, what could be the annual revenue we could look at in the nuclear segment for the current 
financial year? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I think as I explained earlier we are trying to indigenize lot of bought-outs which we are forced 
to indigenize because the restriction by Government of India we are working on that, but we 
would definitely do properly between around Rs. 45 to Rs. 50 crores of revenue in the nuclear, 
the fourth quarter would be much stronger than in nuclear program which we will start 
dispatching our FM Heads in the fourth quarter. So, that will propel the revenues and moving 
forward since everything is in place for the FM Heads we have still 5 more FM Heads to deliver, 
that would get done in the next year comfortably every quarter, so then we work on the other 
projects which we are working on the fuel transfer system, assemblies come into play step by 
step. So, there will be a growth happening moving forward in nuclear programs. Since 
everything has fallen to place, especially the indigenization about what we are trying to do for 
Government of India right now. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Last question is on the working capital, if you could also give us the absolute number in rupees, 
crores, what was there at the end of December and then after receiving the Rs. 38 crores how 
much did it reduce to? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
The absolute number of working capital value is Rs. 394 crores and we received Rs. 38 crores 
in Jan first week and entire January we received around Rs. 75 crores which is all are well within 
our credit period. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So, this Rs. 240 crores what is mentioned in the presentation of receivables, this is? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
All that is only receivable value. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
No, that is after reducing the Rs. 38 crores or it is prior to? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Gunneswara Rao: 
No, not reducing, this is before reducing. We don’t want to reduce because as at December 22, 
this is the scenario, so we are maintaining. So, this is an additional explanation we are giving to 
just to have a transparency. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neerav Dalal from Maybank Investment 
Banking Group. Please go ahead. 
Neerav Dalal: 
I had three questions, first is, say for the FY23 revenue is about Rs. 550 to Rs. 600 crores, what 
would be the annuity portion for that going ahead because you obviously mentioned that in the 
ASP Rs. 130 crores would be something that would recur every year, so just wanted to 
understand the annuity portion of the business and how that has increased? That is my first 
question, the second question is in terms of as we indigenize the products or start to make 
production, would that mean increase in margins or would that mean that the R&D expenses 
would also increase for us? That is question number two and in terms of our CAPEX plans going 
ahead, what would be our CAPEX plans for the next couple of years? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As I said earlier, obviously as we have revised the guidance based on what we can clearly see 
right now something in a range of between Rs. 575 to Rs. 600 crores of revenues coming in for 
this year and moving forward, I have said that for next year FY24, we are looking at 45 to 50% 
revenue growth compared to the current financial year, now the growth is happening in terms of 
products what we have developed plus also the growth in the fuel cell segments, also in the hydel 
segment as well and growth is also equally coming also from the nuclear programs where we 
are in advanced stage of execution in some of the products and also in the space sector as well. 
So, it is evenly distributed among all the various segments that we are working on and probably 
as I said some of the new customers who have joined in, they are going to generate additional 
revenues with the new customers like Thales, Collins Aerospace, all the customers have joined 
in already and customers in pipeline as well in the energy storage systems would contribute 
towards additional revenues, in terms of phase and batch production for next year. So, it is very 
clear indicative that we would comfortably grew that 45 to 50% across the board in all these 
sectors. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Sir, just as a follow on this, sir, we are looking at growth, but would there been increase in the 
annuity portion of our business where we have visibility and it would recur every year for us, so 
that becomes the base and then over and above this whatever would be the growth say for 25, 
26, 27 as the years go by, so just wanted to understand that part of it whether there is any? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Absolutely, yes, I got your point, so most of our projects, there will be growth on annuity basis, 
it is not like a onetime projects for us. If you look at space , we continuously supply the Vikas 
engine or the Rocket engine that we supply the cryo engines, we are launching this semi-cryo 
next year, so there are new products coming in and the continuity of these existing products 
going year-on-year basis. If you look at our fuel cell segment, every year it is growing in terms 
of the number of units that we are doing consistently, so that growing and also the new product 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
that we are launching every year. So, the growth is happening not only on a regular basis from 
the existing products, but also the new products that we are developing year-on-year basis. So, 
the margins also would more or less sustain even with this growth what we are looking at which 
I have said around 29% plus minus basis points. That is what we continue to maintain moving 
forward. And you asked about the CAPEX plans, yes we will have some bottleneck areas, we 
have some new customers coming in the energy storage system, so we will have certain CAPEX 
plans, we have to crystallize that. As and when that is done. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Just on the margin bit, so as we indigenize or we start to manufacture goods products in-house, 
would there be any benefit in terms of margins or we would use that same into R&D? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Our R&D costs are there, but they are not very high because they use our existing facilities or 
existing team works on it, but we do have, so this is not much of amount to really highlight at 
this time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, just speaking up from one of the previous 
questions was on CAPEX, so what is the CAPEX that we have done so far in the 9 months, what 
is the target for FY23 and how do we look at it for FY24? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
I will answer this question. I think for the last 9 months, we have actually CAPEX around Rs. 
80 crores we have done it and there is a capital work in progress of around Rs. 72 crores is there, 
so which we will capitalize over a period of time, maybe in this quarter, something will slip  over 
to next quarter. This is because last year we have actually constructed one new facility in 
Adibatla where our sheet metal and fabrication set up we have done. So, something was spill 
over from the last year around Rs. 40 crores to this year and also around Rs. 45 crores we are 
spending for augmenting our capacity in our clean energy business in the EOU. So, we have 
increased our capacity by almost 4,000 to 10,000 units, which is  two-and-a-half times over 
existing capacity. So, this year also, as Mr. Srinivas Reddy is telling we are crystallizing, I think 
we are looking the numbers, so we will communicate maybe in the coming quarter. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, should we pencil in more like the same number of about Rs. 90 odd crores even in FY24? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Not that much, definitely it will be lower as we have to address bottleneck and also some of the 
new customers which we are working with them, there may be some little CAPEX is required, 
so some sustenance CAPEX we will need to incur. It is not going to be that much.  I think much 
lower than the last 2 years. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Second question was on again client concentration, so while we have done a phenomenal job in 
terms of adding newer products such as ASPs and sheet metals and enclosures etc., but the idea 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
when we were setting this, these capacities were also to bring in newer clients, if you can talk 
about sheet metals or roller screws etc., what will be the ex-Bloom revenue or in terms of 
marketing are we doing that over the next 1 or 2 years, excluding Bloom where can these 
revenues be for these 3 or 4 products that we have developed in the last year, year-and-a-half? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It is not about 3-4 products, basically what we are looking at is, we are adding lot of other 
customers, for example as you said in sheet metal, we are looking at Taiwan they are looking at 
us in terms of delivering a lot of their requirements for sheet metal for them. So, we are still 
discussing, we are in discussion stage with them. GKN Aerospace has already indicated they are 
going to release orders this quarter for us which is the formulation of sheet metal and machining 
and stuff like that. So, we are adding lot more customers in different segments. We can't quantify 
at this point of time, but as I said lot wider basket of customers are in our portfolio right now, 
some are in first article stage, some have been qualified, some are moving into volume stage 
right now, moving for in the next quarter. So, overall, the concept is that I would not say that as 
I explained earlier bloom is growing rapidly, so that is good for us, but we also paid a platform 
to work with other energy storage companies like Fluence Energy, we are trying to work with 
them, that is going to be a huge thing like, we are looking at almost like Rs. 300 to Rs. 500 crores 
of revenues coming in from Fluence Energy over the next 2 to 2.5 years. So, we are looking at 
customers where lot of R&Ds required, lot of developmental activities required, but that should 
convert into a meaningful numbers for us in the long run, so we are trying to add customers in 
areas where MTAR can really contribute to a greater extent, where entry barriers are very tough, 
so that is what we are focusing upon right now. So, we will be in a very good space moving 
forward, let us say one year, two years from now. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And my last question was regarding Bloom and the hot box, so one, if you can tell us we started 
off with the mandate where we were realizing almost $8,000 to $9,000 per hot box, but with all 
of these product additions that we have done over the last few years, our wallet share was likely 
to increase and part of that is also indigenize, so within that 9,000 say bellows etc., you localize 
and you get more margin, though the ASP largely remains $9,000, so I am just trying to think 
through where are we, so what is the realization for hot box as of today and where does it move 
going forward? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are trying to give more and more, so ultimately if you look at the cable harness which only 
get qualified next month, so we have the ASPs, we have the enclosures, we have sheet metal 
assemblies, so we are moving close to about 17,000 to 18,000 or 19,000 for the Yuma hot box, 
we accumulate everything together, so we are going to a stage where we can completely do the 
box filled ultimately in a year’s time from today. That is the ultimate goal for us. Probably trying 
the cater that we have started exporting to South Korea as well directly for Bloom instead of the 
selling into US, so the idea is for the Asian markets for the markets closer by doesn’t make any 
sense to send the systems here to US and back and forth. So, it is going to evolve in such a way 
that in a year, year-and-a-half, probably we will do the entire system as such. So, it has pretty 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
well that way. Lot of qualification process for every stage of it, so in India that is what happens, 
so ultimately that is the end. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And we are set for 7,000 hot boxes next year, right? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That is right. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And the order for that is already in our book or a part of that needs to come through during 
FY24? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It is already there, only we got order still December of next year, so probably they will review 
back. The orders are released almost like 6 to 9 months ahead of time, so we will probably get 
the next batch of orders in the first quarter of next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the disclosure you had talked in the last call about Fluence Energy order 
and we were expecting around Rs. 300 to Rs. 500 crores in one to one-and-a-half years, so sir if 
I correlate this with our guidance on that Rs. 600 crore topline that we are aspiring to achieve in 
FY23, 50% growth is around Rs. 300 crores, but are you not taking into account any revenue 
coming from this Fluence Energy orders or is there any delay which we are saying if you can 
give an update on Fluence Energy and tie up with the revenue guidance? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Any organization like Fluence Energy or any other Company, EnerVenue or any Company for 
this matter, first you need to do the first articles, you need to do the batch production, it is a 
process cycle. So, continuing those numbers for the next year doesn’t make any sense to me. So, 
whatever numbers are generated from that is something which is a small update to it, but real 
ramp up will happen by end of next year once they implement everything, so probably you look 
at major numbers coming in, moving forward for FY25, that is how it works. 
Aman Vij: 
And you think this can be like you talked about as big as Bloom energy in the next two years? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Which one, the Fluence Energy? 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, so basically there is a lot of demand for energy storage system internationally, so I can't say 
it is going to be as big as Bloom energy, but it is going to be one of our biggest customers moving 
forward from FY27 onwards. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Aman Vij: 
My second question is on the ISRO SSLV launch which happened today and also our plans on 
it, so what I understand and you can correct if I am wrong, so ISRO has been planning to ramp 
up the number of launches for last 3 to 5 years, but it has been stuck at the 10 to 12 odd level. 
Their target is may be 18 to 20, so if you can talk about do you see that happening in FY24 or it 
will take more time on the ISRO side as well as. Average launch cost around $40 to $50 million 
SSLV, so what will be our portion of value addition in that because now you are also working 
on the full engine apart from the vehicle body, so if you can explain these two things? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
One main thing from ISRO side is the recent GSLV launch which they did was highly successful, 
so they have lot more demand on such launches moving forward. So, that is the reason why they 
wanted to increase their number of commercial launches and that is where the demand comes 
from. Asking us we received a letter directly from the Chairman of ISRO to work on more 
number of engines to be produced moving forward. As you are all aware, the metal is given as 
they issue by ISRO. So, they have to gear up from their side as well, but we are looking at 
probably in the second half of the year, they are going to gear up to not only from our side, from 
their side as well. So, they are looking at those launches going higher and higher based on the 
success what they had. Now, as far as our contribution to their launches, it is not only on the 
engine side, but we do lot of electropneumatic modules, we do lot of other assemblies for them, 
so that is something which, in every area there is going to be an increase, but our main vision 3 
to 4 years from now is going to be our own launch vehicle. We still have to quantify the numbers 
for them, but our design work has already started much ahead of time 6 months back we have 
signed MoU with IN-SPACe as well, so that is going to be a big game changer for MTAR 
moving forward 3 to 4 years from now. So, we will be able to launch satellites with their own 
launch vehicle and Government of India is also looking for that. They want ISRO to be more of 
an R&D division rather than looking at and asking the industry to do it. So, whoever is capable 
of doing it, since we have 35 years of experience in this line, probably we will move ahead in a 
much faster pace to get this done, but to build the entire launch vehicle it would take at least 3 
to 4 years’ time and that is what we are working on it right now. 
Aman Vij: 
And if you can just explain this typically as of today what is our share in a typical launch as well 
as what is the rough I think engine? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It is difficult to quantify the share because the numbers from government are never given to us, 
so we can only say what all we can contribute. We contributed a sizable portion, for example 
our engines are used for the last 35 years by ISRO, but there has never been a blemish today. 
None of the launches have failed because of the products what we are given. We are the only 
cryo engine supplier in the country today for ISRO, so we have developed this over the years, 
8-9 years of research in the past, so that is the kind of technology we are holding with us. So, we 
are continuing to support ISRO as much as possible. We work jointly with them and we have 
great set of scientists and engineers in this country, we all work together. Frankly speaking, we 
have been very successful technically in terms of achieving such launches without depending 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
much on any other countries abroad, so it has been all done indigenously and that is the massive 
seat that we all need to appreciate. 
Aman Vij: 
We had talked about ISRO has given us a letter to increase be ready for increasing our capacity 
to 3x, so is it a recent event or is it 1-2 years back? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, it is a recent event, it is not 1-2 years back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Aggarwal from Naredi Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Aggarwal: 
Sir, my first question, recently, MoU signed with the IN-SPACe can you share more color and 
opportunity size in next 1 to 3 years? And second question, furthermore promoter stake sales in 
your cart? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That is what I said, like MoU signed for a joint working together to build and launch vehicle by 
and large, completely independent of ISRO, but with the enough support from ISRO in various 
areas, that is what Government of India wants to do, while using the launch pad facilities, etc., 
so this will come into effect 3 years from now. Once we build the launch vehicle, then we do the 
developmental launches and then the commercial launches, so we are looking at about a 3 to 4 
years’ timeframe for us, but that is going to be a big game changer for the Company. 
Abhishek Aggarwal: 
Furthermore promoter stake sales in your cart? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Where is that come from? I have no idea about that. There is nothing like that right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjana Deshpande from StockAxis. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjana Deshpande: 
Sir firstly, I would like to understand since the demand prospects are high in clean energy 
segments, so what is the exact order book for clean energy segment and how it will be executed 
in FY24 and 25? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the order book for clean energy segment, I don’t have the exact number, but probably 
beyond Rs. 600 crores plus. So, all these orders are executable by December of next year and 
that is what it is and it is going at such similar phase year-on-year basis. We are going to add 
further products to it as I have explained earlier. So, we are in a great space on that, there is 
nothing to…. 
Sanjana Deshpande: 
And second question is, how we like project the revenue inflow from this particular segment, 
because not all that we are executing will be converted into revenue in that time period, so your 
comments on that? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, whatever orders we have as of today are pleased to get executed by December 23, so that is 
what it is. 
Sanjana Deshpande: 
Congratulations on the good set of number, sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Srinivas Reddy – Managing Director and Promoter for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you and I would like to thank everyone for sparing their time to join today’s earnings call. 
I would like to say the growth numbers will come in the case of MTAR, but I would love to say 
that I would like to thank all my engineers and the R&D team for building such fabulous products 
which are generating good set of numbers just a biproduct of that. So, we will continue to do 
that moving forward as well and thank you so much for all of you for your support. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
