Date: 23rd March, 2023 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
Security Code: 540596 
Symbol: ERIS 
 
SUBJECT: TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALLSCHEDULED IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE ACQUISITION OF NINE DERMATOLOGY BRANDS FROM DR.REDDY’S 
LABORATORIES LTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is to inform that the transcript of the conference call which was held on Thursday, 16th 
March, 2023 in connection with the acquisition of nine dermatology brands from Dr. Reddy's 
Laboratories Ltd. is attached herewith.  
You are requested to take this on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Milind Talegaonkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No. A26493 
MILIND 
TALEGAON
KAR
Digitally signed by MILIND TALEGAONKAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380055, st=GUJARAT, 
street=E42 SHRI SADAN SHAHWADI 
VASNAAHMEDABADOPP SWAMINARAYAN2BEHIND 
GB SHAH COLLEGE 380055, l=AHMEDABAD, 
o=Personal, title=6609, 
serialNumber=a508a80d3a9231304a5bf4e4182bcd5a
e3ec1d08a10919025e2d5daa95b04426, 
pseudonym=660920220924180430743, 
2.5.4.20=57785628ba3ced9959cf93cf3cf172cf4a41a5
1eb72e155a16f1b8fb6276b3d4, 
email=MILIND.TALEGAONKAR@ERISLIFESCIENCES.CO
M, cn=MILIND TALEGAONKAR 
Date: 2023.03.23 22:08:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Eris Lifesciences Limited 
Conference Call” 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. AMIT BAKSHI, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. V KRISHNAKUMAR, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER & EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. SACHIN SHAH, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. KRUTI RAVAL, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
The transcript includes some forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions of the 
Management. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the conference call of 
Eris Lifesciences Limited. We have with us today on the call Mr. Amit 
Bakshi - Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. V. Krishnakumar - 
Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. Krishnakumar - Executive 
Director and Chief Operating Officer. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
V. Krishnakumar: 
Thank you, Neerav. I am Krishnakumar and I welcome you all to this call 
to discuss our latest acquisition. Before we get into the specifics of our 
latest deal, I wish to take a few minutes to recap the ethos of our inorganic 
strategy. As discussed several times in the past, the key thrust of our 
inorganic strategy is to leapfrog our presence in attractive therapy areas. 
We leveraged the Strides acquisition to enter the CNS therapy, we 
entered the Insulin segment through an equity venture with MJ Biopharm 
and we entered the Dermatology therapy through a series of deals starting 
with Oaknet. We have employed a “String of Pearls” approach in building 
our Dermatology portfolio this year with targeted acquisitions to fill specific 
portfolio gaps. This approach has helped us maximize business fit and 
minimize redundancies. 
We employ a prudent screening approach to every deal that we evaluate, 
in order to ensure evidence of early value creation opportunities, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
specifically in terms of (i) Strategic fit with our specialty or sub-therapy 
requirements (ii) The presence of arbitrage opportunities by way of 
fundamentally good businesses which are sub-optimally run, and last but 
not the least, meeting our financial criteria like Gross Margin, Growth 
potential, YPM, Debt-to-EBITDA ratio and IRR. We approach every deal 
with an “Owner Manager” mindset, wherein we are happy to “roll up our 
sleeves and do the hard work” to create value. 
This discipline has enabled us to create value from deals like Strides, 
Zomelis and Oaknet. Starting with our inception in the year 2007, it took 
us nearly 13 years to add the “first Rs. 1,000 crores” of revenue. However, 
we are adding the “next Rs. 1,000 crores” of revenue in just 4 years by 
deploying our internal cashflows along with external funding to drive a mix 
of organic and inorganic growth. We have traversed the journey from Rs. 
200 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores while largely preserving our Gross Margin 
at the 80% level. We expect that this will continue to be a way of life at 
Eris going forward.  
Coming to the deal specifics, today we have announced the acquisition of 
9 Cosmetic Dermatology brands from Dr. Reddy's Laboratories for a 
consideration of Rs. 275 crores. This portfolio includes well-known brands 
such as Hydroheal, Revibra, Aquaderm, Avarta and Acrofy. The brands 
are largely in Cosmetology segments like anti-acne, moisturisers, 
cleansers, anti-ageing, hair-health, melasma etc. and have a combined 
primary sales of Rs. 50 crores per annum. 
This deal is in line with our stated intent of building a strong Dermatology 
franchise. We kick-started this process with the acquisition of Oaknet 
Healthcare for Rs. 650 crores in May‘22 and we strengthened this 
franchise with the acquisition of 9 Dermatology brands from Glenmark in 
January of this year for Rs. 340 crores. While the Glenmark deal helped 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
us strengthen our Medical Dermatology franchise, the latest deal helps us 
augment our Cosmetic Dermatology franchise. Post this deal, Eris will 
rank number 3 in its Dermatology covered market with a market share of 
7%.  
Inclusive of this deal, we have invested Rs. 1,265 crores in acquisitions in 
this financial year, primarily in building up our Dermatology franchise. The 
aggregate revenue of the business and brands thus acquired is expected 
to exceed Rs. 400 crores in the coming financial year FY24. This would 
translate into a YPM of Rs. 5 lakhs for Oaknet, which is double the YPM 
of Rs. 2.5 lakhs it had at the time of acquisition less than a year ago. 
Further, we know that a YPM of Rs. 5 lakhs can translate into an EBITDA 
margin that is very close to our corporate EBITDA margin, which is where 
we expect Oaknet to be next year. This is a massive uptick from the 10% 
EBITDA margin which the Oaknet business had at the time of acquisition.  
The series of deals done in this financial year has also resulted in a 
significant diversification of our therapeutic mix. Pre-Oaknet, Eris derived 
80% of its revenues from the Cardiometabolic and VMN segments. 
Notwithstanding a 13% growth in these segments, the concentration of 
the Cardiometabolic and VMN segments is now down to 65%. The 
contribution of our 3 emerging therapies, namely Dermatology, CNS and 
Women's Health has increased from 12% to 28%, with Dermatology 
having emerged as our fourth largest therapy with a 15% share in overall 
revenue. We expect this process of therapeutic diversification to continue 
as we continue to invest in our emerging therapies of Insulins, 
Dermatology, CNS and Women's Health, alongside our flagship 
Cardiometabolic business.  
This transaction will be financed through borrowings and will achieve 
financial closure in the next few days. We can now open up for Q&A. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions 
from me. One, when you say that you are 7% of the covered market in 
Derma and you are number 3 therein, if you could give us a sense in terms 
of how big is your covered market versus the overall Derma market, what 
do you mean when you are giving this stratification? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
The concept of covered market is a very standard thing that is followed in 
our industry. That is not a new point. It's just a term that is used to denote 
the particular segments of the market that we play in. Out of the total 
Dermatology therapy, our covered market is around 45% of the total 
Derma therapy. When we say we are number 3 with a 7% market share, 
we are essentially talking of that 45% footprint, which represents the 
molecules and the segments that we are present in.  
Amit Bakshi: 
At an overall level, we are maybe at 10-11, right 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. Like for instance, if I were to understand the diabetes market, right? 
I mean of Rs. 12,000 crores, Rs. 3,000-3,500 crores is Insulin, right? And 
then you have Sulfonylurea and you've got everything else within the Rs. 
12,000 crores. When you say you are 45% of the covered market, are 
there any specific sub-categories within Derma that you're covering? Or 
this is just, some more details into this would be helpful? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Please pardon me as we're still getting more well-versed with the market. 
But as far as I understand, there are two parts of the market, broadly 
speaking. One is Medical Dermatology, which is more about the Psoriasis, 
the fungal infections. The other piece is a little bit tilted on the 
Cosmetology side.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Through our first two acquisitions, our Medical Dermatology piece has got 
very strong and in that particular context, we were talking about number 
3 rank, which is almost 50% of the coverage. Now, large markets where 
we are not covered. for example, the number one market in Cosmetology 
is acne and acne-care. Our presence in acne and acne-care is still very 
small. Hair care, for example. Hair care again is a large market, but our 
presence there is very small. These are some areas we have a smaller 
presence.  
Emollients, for example. One of the largest markets. But we have a very 
small presence in that Emollients market. These brands, if you look at are 
a pinhole opening for us to really build brands around that one brand 
which we have acquired to make sure that we are able to get a higher 
market share in these markets where we are not present. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. Current GCs of the brands that you've 
acquired between Glenmark and Dr. Reddy's, would the GCs be similar 
to Oaknet? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, they are similar to Oaknet. We are in the same vicinity of 78 to 80%. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Ok. And my sense is, these products could be manufactured internally, 
whether in Sikkim or Gujarat, right?  
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, we are evaluating that because as of now, most of these products 
are done by third parties. But given that we have put together a fairly 
sizable derma basket now, we are evaluating the business case to 
manufacture these products in our Gujarat plant. We should have some 
update on that the next time we meet up. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sure. And the last is its going to be 100% debt funded. If so, what's the 
cost of funding that you're looking at? Will it be fixed or variable? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
V. Krishnakumar: 
It is variable in the range of 8% to 8.5%.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Ok. Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prakash from Axis Bank. Please go 
ahead.  
Prakash: 
Hi, good evening. Just trying to understand, so we have been fairly 
aggressive especially in the Derm side and getting the fair share of the 
market now. You said that there's a white space of acne within the Derm. 
We would still be open to looking at more assets? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, Prakash, makes sense. If we get something which will fill the gap. 
There are two answers to this Prakash. One is that, now it's time for us to 
consolidate, right? We've got three acquisitions in a year. We clearly 
believe that now it's the execution time, the consolidation time. So, are we 
ready to do something big in Derma? The answer is a clear no. But if there 
is something which is useful and still in that range, which gives us comfort, 
we are still open to that. 
Prakash: 
Ok and maybe I missed this, but the MRs, we acquired just the brands, 
right? Is it fair to say that the MRs which came from Oaknet, but they were 
Medical Derma and other. So, these are enough MRs or you would need 
more specialized MRs for Cosmetic Derma marketing? 
Amit Bakshi: 
We are adding. There some amount of re-distribution of people which we 
have done. We are adding one more division, which will be primarily 
Cosmetology and we are hiring 50 people from outside. Rest 50 of them 
have been moved from inside from the various divisions.  
Between Derma and Cosmo, what happens, Prakash, it's not such a thick 
line when you do a promotion in front of a doctor. It's more about training 
and understanding the product. The team at Oaknet is a very good team 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
at the management and at the marketing level and they have had some 
very good successes in the recent past also. I'm not worried from that 
point of view. 
V. Krishnakumar: 
I may just add to that. The expansion in the field force is to the tune of 40-
50 reps, like Amit mentioned. The existing field force that handles Derma 
at Oaknet is about 640. It's really a very incremental expansion that we 
are looking at. Your earlier point that these brands that have come from 
Glenmark as well as Reddy’s are pure brand deals with very high GCs. It 
gives us a very good arbitrage potential in terms of, scaling up the YPM 
of the business and hence also the margins of Oaknet. 
Prakash: 
From a margin perspective, it would be fair to understand that there is a 
lot of headroom, but currently it would be much below than the company 
average and there is a potential to move to the company average is what 
you're saying? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
It is far better than a potential Prakash. It's pretty much a done deal. 
Because this year we have been saying that our Oaknet EBITDA margin 
for the year will be around 25%. But once we put all of this together, as I 
mentioned earlier, our YPM will be Rs. 5 lakhs per month right from 1st 
April. That means we have clear line of sight on an EBITDA margin, which 
is in the range of 36% to 38% for next year. It's not a potential, there is 
clear line of sight.  
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, correct. 
Prakash: 
Ok. This we are saying for the full basket of the Oaknet, the Glenmark and 
the recent one, Dr. Reddy's? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, we are looking at the entire basket to be north of Rs. 400 crores in 
revenue next year with an EBITDA margin in the range that I highlighted 
to you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Prakash: 
Ok. One more last question, if I may. We said that we are fairly open to 
Acne and it makes sense to cover the entire Derm market. Just trying to 
understand, white spaces in Cardiometabolic, you see that as well? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Sorry Prakash, say that again? 
Prakash: 
For Acne, you mentioned that clearly you would be interested to complete 
the franchise. But in the Cardiometabolic, which has been our key 
segment, are there any white spaces and would you be interested in any? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Prakash, number one, I can't see many where we are sitting at this point 
of time. And second, historically, it has always been a difficult thing to hunt 
for. Right now, in our minds, we do not have a sight of getting something 
in Cardio-diabeto which is significantly big. 
V. Krishnakumar: 
So again, it goes back to the covered market ratio, right? Our presence in 
Cardiometabolic is pretty expansive. Hence, the probability of finding 
white spaces is limited to that extent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarun Shetty from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarun Shetty: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. What would be 
the primary sales growth for this portfolio as on FY22? And what would be 
the sales year-to-date? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
The primary sale this year was to the tune of Rs. 50 crores, that's, the 
number. The CAGR over the last two years has been around 8%. This is 
despite the fact that these brands were very strong brands, they were not 
promoted. But in our hands, when we look at the kind of focus and go-to-
market that we are bringing, creating a new division, and providing focus 
on these brands, we believe that a 15% to 20% kind of a growth in the first 
three years, is a doable proposition. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Tarun Shetty: 
Ok, just for clarification, by Rs. 50 crores this year, you mean a year-to-
date FY23 or FY22? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Year ending March‘23. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aarti Rao from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.  
Aarti Rao: 
Sir I just missed out on the brand names that were disclosed and any top 
two or top three brands that crosses... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you. I can hear a slight echo from the management's 
line. Participants, please stay connected while we re-join the management 
line back to the call. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. 
We have the line for the management reconnected.  
Aarti Rao: 
I had questions regarding the brands that you disclosed. What are those 
nine brands and any brand that probably clocks more than Rs. 10 crores 
or Rs. 20 crores singlehanded?  
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, there are brand names. The key brands are; Acrofy, Aquaderm, 
Avarta, Hydroheal, Revibra, these are some of the key brands. In terms 
of revenues, there are at least three brands in this portfolio which are north 
of Rs. 10 crores and there are a couple in the Rs. 20 crores bracket. In 
terms of leadership positions, three of these brands are ranked among 
the top three in their respective segments and there are another three of 
these brands which are ranked among the top five in their respective 
segments. Six out of nine brands have some kind of a leadership position.  
Aarti Rao: 
My next question is, what kind of growth the Cosmetic Derma segment 
would be growing on an IPM basis? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
The entire Derma segment has a growth of about 10-11%. Cosmetic Derm 
is growing slightly faster than the average. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Aarti Rao: 
Do we expect that the drugs that we have acquired or the brands that we 
have acquired would grow better than the industry rate? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, that is the expectation. As I mentioned earlier, once we are able to 
take the brands in and they get settled down within our system, 15-20% 
per annum kind of a growth rate is what we can expect. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parag Thakkar from Anvil Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Basically, now what will be your total net 
debt position after this acquisition? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
At the end of March, we will be at around Rs. 850 crores of debt.  
Parag Thakkar: 
And our EBITDA will be in the vicinity of Rs. 600 crores?  
V. Krishnakumar: 
From a net debt-to-EBITDA standpoint, we expect we should be at around 
1.5 times this year, which will obviously significantly reduce when we look 
at what numbers we are looking at for next year. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Any upside cap we can expect that if suppose something else also comes 
up for acquisition, what kind of upside cap we have in our mind for net 
debt-to-EBITDA number? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
We will be comfortable. The banks require you to stick to 3 times. So, we 
will be comfortable holding the 2x mark. That is the internal benchmark 
that we have for ourselves. 
Parag Thakkar: 
From shareholder perspective, I would also recommend that only, not to 
cross beyond 2. Although your scalability and the way you have turned 
around Oaknet and your margins have improved, that tells us about your 
capability to shore up the margins. But then too, I think net debt-to-
EBITDA of about 2x will be slightly more dangerous. That is our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
suggestion also. The other thing is that, in all these brands, basically you 
expect the entire Rs. 400 crores to go up to your 36-38% margin which 
you said, right? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
That is right. 
Parag Thakkar: 
By FY24 or 25? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
FY24.  
Parag Thakkar: 
You are saying Rs. 140 crores EBITDA and you will have a debt of Rs. 
800 crores which you have taken at 8.5%. So, Rs. 70 crores will be the 
interest cost? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Ok. What growth we should expect from our organic business? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
We can come back to you on that because we will be meeting you again 
in seven-eight weeks when we talk about our results. We will give you a 
completely comprehensive picture about the next year. 
Parag Thakkar: 
Ok. Any dividend pay-out kind of thing in your mind which after all this, 
because we will be, the first priority is to reduce debt, right? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
As I said, all of this stuff we will pick up, when we come to talk to you about 
the year-end results. Right now, we would like to focus more about 
Dermatology and Oaknet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
Hi, good evening. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things. Firstly, the 
incremental spend for you on these products would be the 50 MRs and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
additional sales promotion activity that you would have to do, right? Is that 
the right way to look at it?  
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, Prashant. That's right. 
Prashant Nair: 
Typically, when you acquire such brands, which have not been core to the 
seller, how do you see, how much do you have to step up intensity, related 
to what you would be normally doing in a product of yours? Is there any 
sense you can give which helps us understand this upfront? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, Prashant. Generally, if you ask us, we find it a little convenient to say 
tail brands and all those things. But when we look at the brand from a 
personality point of view and what is the kind of image it has in front of the 
HCPs. All these brands which we are talking about, and also the Glenmark 
brands, they really stand out. The Onabet, the Halobate of the world, the 
Sorvate of the world are really leaders in their own therapies. 
What happens over a period of time when you have a very large basket 
you can’t help, but it comes into some kind of a chronological order. When 
it comes to some fresh hands, the energy all of a sudden increases. 
Because there are lot of therapy gaps available in the acquirer in case of 
us. The focus and the energy increases very, very rapidly. And just the 
fact that when a brand is promoted as number four and when it is 
promoted as number one or two, makes a significant difference. 
Let’s not talk about what will happen to these brands. Take Oaknet for an 
example. It is just about the energy, the positioning of the brands and 
that’s how the whole difference is made. In our plan we have a very fresh 
and energetic way to look into these brands in different therapies and I 
believe that energy gives it a flip for growth. 
Prashant Nair: 
Just one more clarification. KK, when you mentioned the revenue number 
for a few of these brands, north of Rs. 10 crore, couple which are in the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Rs. 20 crores bracket, these are at AWACS level, right? or are these 
primary? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, these are AWACS number and some of them are a little exaggerated 
also. I think offline Kruti can tell you exactly what the brands size are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niharika from Aequitas Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Niharika: 
Considering the cost of acquisition of Rs. 275 crores and the turnover of 
around Rs. 50 crores, it’s a value of around upwards of like 5.5 times. You 
must have done some market research. According to you, what justifies 
this high value which you have given for it? And what revenue potential 
does this portfolio holds say in next three-four years based on your 
research? 
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, that's a nice question. As we were alluding to, that Cosmetology is a 
little premium to Dermatology and the growth also in the last five years 
has always ebbed the Dermatology growth. Cosmetology as a segment 
is a little more revered than Dermatology. That's number one.  
Then you look at what is the category you're looking at. A product like an 
Aquaderm, which is like Rs. 5-7 crore revenue if I'm not wrong. But the 
category is Emollient and it is the perception on that category has been 
very nice. We do run this perception analysis among the HCP, brand-wise 
just to see how the brand is positioned in their head.  
So, because number one, it is Cosmetology. Number two, it is ticking the 
right boxes as far as the therapy is concerned and historically, 
Cosmetology has been a little more revered and growth has also been 
better than Dermatology. That put together makes that premium which 
goes along. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Niharika: 
Any revenue potential that you must have assessed in say next four years, 
five years on a long-term basis these nine brands can go up to this level 
from Rs. 50 crores to say some number? 
Amit Bakshi: 
15% to 20% growth in these products because they are early brands, the 
average size is between Rs. 5-9 crores. Therefore, we find the headroom 
is quite good. We assume a 15% to 20% growth over the next four years.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harshal Patil from Mirae Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshal Patil: 
Just had one question to ask you. Basically, this was with respect to the 
margins for Oaknet. If we see the Q3 margins as of December quarter, I 
guess Oaknet was at around 27% and right now we are expecting about 
25% for FY24. Am I missing something out here? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes, I mentioned that 25% would be the margin for this year that is FY23 
full year approximately. The margin for FY24 will be in the range of 36% 
to 38%. 
Harshal Patil: 
The leverage would effectively be the ramp up in the new portfolio of 
Derma. That's Glenmark plus Oaknet plus Dr. Reddy’s portfolio?  
Amit Bakshi: 
Yes, the ramp up will always be a leverage. But what is important here 
when you get brands and you make them sit on the same people that is 
where the productivity thing kicks in. At a thumb rule level, if you are in 
the vicinity of 78-80% Gross Margins and are hitting a Rs. 5 lakh, close to 
Rs. 5 lakh kind of a YPM, then it results in these kinds of margins. When 
we are giving you these numbers, we have really not incorporated, 
substantial growth in the whole Oaknet system.  
We are giving you a very nominal kind of a growth because we have to 
get things together. But it's just the function of a Rs. 5 lakh productivity 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
and a huge Gross Margin between 78% to 80%. Largely, when these two 
things are there, the EBITDA margins will fall in between that 36% to 40%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital. 
Shalabh, may I request you to unmute your line from your side and go 
ahead with your question, please? Shalabh, if you can hear us, may I 
request you to unmute your line from your side and go ahead with the 
question please?  
Due to no response, we move to the next participant.  Next follow-up 
question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, just wanted to check. You mentioned that you are number 3 in the 
covered market for Derma. Would the top two players be the same players 
who are the leaders in overall Derma therapy for this covered market as 
well? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
GSK and Sun, in this particular case, for the covered market, they are 
ahead of us. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ayush Vimal from Clearview Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ayush Vimal: 
Thanks for taking my question. I think a key part of the strategy to show 
the Gross Margins is to ultimately make these products in-house, these 
acquired brands in-house. Just wanted to check what is the maximum 
turnover that we can generate out of the Rs. 300 crore gross block that 
we have currently? And whether there will be an imminent need for 
creating new capacity going forward if we were to in-source these 
products? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
V. Krishnakumar: 
I'll answer those two questions one by one. The potential for Fixed Asset 
Turnover in our industry is very high. We are seeing a Fixed Asset 
Turnover of more than 10 times for our Guwahati plant. We expect you 
should see at least that if not more for the new facility.  
In terms of bringing the Derma operations in-house, that is actively being 
evaluated. At present, our second facility is configured for oral solid dose 
and injectables, not for Derma. If we do bring these products in-house, 
there will be some incremental investment, which we can quantify as soon 
as we make that decision. But your point is right that there will definitely 
be an arbitrage in terms of improvement in Gross Margin if they are 
brought in-house. 
Amit Bakshi: 
Am I wrong in saying that we will not need any land and building because 
we already have blocks in place. So, it will all be plant and machinery. 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Yes. We won't need to spend on civil and utilities.  
Ayush Vimal: 
Any timeline that you have in mind to get these brands in-house? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
That's being evaluated right now. We haven't crystallized on anything, but 
the next time we have a chat I am sure we will have some kind of an 
update. 
Ayush Vimal: 
What is the percentage of products that are manufactured through third 
parties, if I can get that number from you? 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Was this question for the Derma portfolio or for company as a whole? 
Ayush Vimal: 
Company as a whole. 
V. Krishnakumar: 
Third party percentage is 15% to 20%.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                        Eris Lifesciences Limited 
 
March 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last 
question. On behalf of Eris Lifesciences, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This document has been revised to improve readability. 
 
