 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
 
February 07, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
Subject: -  
Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine-
months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
and nine-months ended December 31, 2022 conducted on February 01, 2023 after 
the meeting of the Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of earnings conference call is also made available on the website of 
the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investors/policies-reports-filings/  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
 
Nida Deshpande 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
DESHPANDE 
NIDA YUNUS
Digitally signed by 
DESHPANDE NIDA YUNUS 
Date: 2023.02.07 18:55:16 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 28 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. KISHOR PATIL – CO-FOUNDER, CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER & MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN TIKEKAR – PRESIDENT & JOINT 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. ANUP SABLE – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF 
TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER 
– 
KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA HARDIKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL PHANSALKAR – HEAD – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 28 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KPIT Technologies 
Limited Q3 FY2023 earnings conference call hosted by Dolat Capital 
Markets Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Darwin. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital. I 
would like to thank KPIT Technologies for giving us the opportunity to host 
this earning call. Now I would like to hand the conference over to Sunil 
Phansalkar who is head of IR at KPIT to do the management introductions. 
Over to you Sunil! 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you Rahul. A very warm welcome to everybody on the Q3 FY2023 
earnings conference call of KPIT. Today on the call, we have Mr. Kishor Patil, 
Co-founder, CEO & MD, Mr. Sachin Tikekar, President & Joint MD, Mr. Anup 
Sable Whole Time Director & CTO, Ms. Priya Hardikar, CFO. So as we do 
always we will have the opening comments on the performance of the 
quarter and the way we look ahead by Mr. Kishor Patil and then we can 
have the floor open for questions. So once again a very warm welcome to 
all of you and I will hand it over to Mr Patil! 
Kishor Patil: 
So good evening everyone. I am very happy to take you through Q3 results. 
This year we started as you know a little cautiously and we gave an outlook 
a bit conservatively between 18% and 21% growth, which was based on the 
visibility we had, but as the year progressed, I think we got better 
engagements, deeper engagements and many deals with our key clients. 
During the year we also acquired Somit Solutions and Technica and 
specifically on Technica I think this really accelerated our engagement with 
our clients. In the CES recently that is Consumer Electronics Show where 
we had given the full story of KPIT plus Technica, it was very highly 
appreciated by the clients and I think so during the year we have seen 
stronger engagements with clients, stronger proposition from the KPIT side 
and that has really started resulting into larger and deeper engagements 
with our clients. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
So coming back to the Q3 results, in Q3 FY2023 we had a year-on-year 
constant currency growth of 44.7% and 19.3% quarter-on-quarter. 
Organically that is excluding Technica it is 24.;6% Y-o-Y and 4.9% quarter-
on-quarter. In terms of profits, it is a 43.5% year-on-year and 20.4% 
quarter-on-quarter growth. So our profits first time crossed Rs.100 Crores 
mark for the quarter and our EBITDA remained at 18.5%. Now during this 
part overall there has been a volatility in the currency. During the quarter, 
the other income increased by Rs.9 Crores basically because of the rates 
Euro as well as the Pound being stronger. The tax rate is 25% during the 
quarter, but on annual basis we will remain at 23% and during the quarter 
we have  deal expenses of roughly about Rs.14 Crores relating to Technica 
deal. So first thing I also would like to mention is the cross currency has 
also impacted in terms of reported versus constant currency growth 
numbers and we hope that the picture hopefully will change if the currency 
will stabilize henceforth. During the quarter specifically there has been a 
big change in the currency Euro Rupee rate and that has impacted really 
more in terms of the difference between the Dollar and CC growth. We 
have a very consistent policy of how we do this but because the variations 
are higher we have put on the exchanges and also on the website of KPIT 
what is our policy for cross currency calculation. I think that we have 
uploaded for people to know the calculations better. In terms of growth 
the feature development and integration revenues grew 20.6% year-on-
year and 10% quarter-on-quarter. Architecture and middleware practice 
grew by 73% year-on-year and 50% quarter-on-quarter, also quarter-on-
quarter numbers include Technica numbers as well. Cloud based connected 
services grew 49% year-on-year and 20% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
If you look at the geography and I would like to again mention that these 
are not numbers that we  look into  but this is how it gets reported because 
most of our clients are global. However USA has grown 16.3% year-on-year 
and 1.7% quarter-on-quarter. Europe has grown 62% year-on-year and 
38.6% quarter-on-quarter. Asia has been flat. However, if you take the year 
as a period and you will see it going forward you will see a growth across 
all the three geographies and all our pipeline is strong across all the three 
geographies. Looking at the people side there is a significant drop in the 
attrition which we have experienced for last two quarters consistently. The 
drop while we do not publish the number, I may say that the drop is about 
3% quarter-on-quarter and we expect that to at least have that kind of 
lower attrition to continue over the next quarter if not drop further. We 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 28 
have added during the quarter 291 people from Technica. Our hiring 
continues to be pretty strong. Our focus is really to  take the benefit of the 
current environment and really improve the quality of hiring and get the 
best talent possible. 
 
If you look at the strategic engagements with our client during the quarter, 
we closed USD 272 million worth engagements with our clients out of which 
one is USD 100 million with Renault. The Renault engagement is bigger but 
some part of it was reported last quarter which we had closed last quarter 
so the remaining we are accounting for here. The pipeline is pretty strong. 
it includes one large engagement as well that I had mentioned last time. I 
would like to mention that our growth is not really necessarily depending 
upon only the large engagements. Basically because our focus is on all 
OEMs and these are very significant client engagements and wherever there 
is though not one single engagement we are growing quarter-on-quarter 
very strongly in all the accounts. We have some as I had mentioned last 
time  mega deals but otherwise also our growth is higher irrespective of 
such engagements because this is not how the client engages and then as 
you know many times they are not used to announcing such kind of 
engagements. Overall, we see our strategic clients have a very large spend 
and thus the opportunity in front of us is also larger and we would like to 
bring the sharper focus on the clients which we have and we believe the 
opportunity is much higher for us to grow going forward without making 
any change and actually having a sharper focus on our clients. We can 
certainly grow at least double digits in most of our clients from where we 
are. So we continue to focus on the execution of good quality deliverables 
with our client. Technica has been a major development during the quarter, 
the integration has started. During the quarter we have about USD 14 million 
revenue from Technica with 20% plus operating profitability. This is the 
best quarter during a calendar year for them. They have a bit of a 
seasonability where the last quarter there is a higher growth and Q1 is a 
weaker one where revenues come down by about 20% sequentially. Overall 
Technica will deliver 15% to 20% growth in the year . In FY2022-FY2023 
overall as a year in spite of uncertain environment microeconomic 
conditions we started with an outlook of 18% to 21% growth, we increased 
it to 31% to 32% last quarter, with our organic growth of 23%. We believe  
we will beat this and our overall growth will be certainly in excess of 33% 
and more than 24% on an organic level. EBITDA will be between 18.5% and 
19% and will remain in that range. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
Q4 has  some specific things I would like to bring out. Technica revenue 
will drop as I mentioned and hence the margins; however, our organic 
growth will remain strong and the profitability which will more than make 
up for that to have our normal quarterly growth and profitability. That will 
be after also taking into consideration certain customer intangibles which 
we may start writing off. Overall we are very happy with the quarter and 
overall we are very happy with where we are specifically the positioning 
which we have with our clients and the confidence we have in our client 
engagements in spite of the economic environment. We believe that the 
next year also while we will give outlook, etc., at the end of the Q4 we see 
that this trend continuing into next year and we feel very confident about 
growth continuing into next year. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah 
from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Good evening and thank you for taking my questions. 
First question is on one of the comments on the outlook in your 
presentation you have called out that there is some degree of confidence 
that you can beat your organic revenue growth guidance now you I think 
have upgraded that to 24% plus in constant currency terms so could you 
clarify what is the 9M organic constant currency growth so far and any 
drivers that give us comfort around why we see upside to these targets? 
Kishor Patil: 
When we come back to the numbers overall I think the deal closures during 
the quarter which I mentioned earlier as well as our existing engagements 
and pipeline, I think that gives us the confidence. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
The YTD growth in CC terms is 24% over the nine months of last year. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That is helpful. Second question is around the 
integration cost for Technica I think you called out it is about Rs.14 Crores 
this quarter and you also mentioned that this is a 20% plus margin business 
long term so while we see that across KPIT’s accounts this quarter 
percentage of revenue have declined meaningfully Q-o-Q we do not 
necessarily see the margin benefits of the acquisition yet because of the 
integration costs involved so could you quantify sort of what the other 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 28 
costs are I think Rs.14 Crores you have quantified as deal cost but even 
over and above that there seems to be a pretty big spike in other expenses 
quarter-on-quarter so just trying to understand what should be an 
appropriate run rate for other expenses going forward because I think you 
have mentioned that even the next couple of quarters you might have some 
amount of integration costs so just any color here would be very helpful? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
So if you look sequentially, the other expenses this quarter also include the 
costs in Technica. So apart from the deal expenses I think the consolidation 
of Technica is the reason. There is no other specific cost that has gone up 
disproportionately or that has a onetime element in the other expenses. 
Kishor Patil: 
The expenses which may to some extent will be there nothing too 
significant as compared to this quarter but some expenses will be there. 
Mainly we are taking some services from a consulting organization to 
ensure that the integration plan goes on well and the review of our 
integration plan is proper, because this is very critical for us. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. This is a followup. I was just trying to understand 
I think the previous quarter we had about Rs.110 Crores of other expenses 
and if I add maybe Rs.14 Crores to that for the deal expenses that takes us 
to maybe Rs.124 Crores but this quarter I think we have been close to Rs.166 
Crores so just trying to understand what that delta is and any color that 
would be very helpful? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
What I said is that delta is we have consolidated Technica during the 
quarter and if Technica margins are at around 20% delta between the 
revenue and margins goes to other expenses as well as the personnel 
expenses, so the change in other expenses is only because of the expenses 
of Technica, which have also got added because we have consolidated. So 
when we are looking at an absolute increase the absolute increase will have 
the increase because of Technica, it will have the increase because of the 
growth that we had during the quarter and the increase because of the 
deal expenses that we had in the quarter. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it that is very clear thanks for that and just lastly 
we have been talking about the 10 large middleware mega deals that are 
under discussion globally and how KPIT as of last quarter was active in 
seven of them you had guided to one more potential 100 million plus deal 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 28 
opportunity in the first half of this calendar year so any updates on the 
broader middleware deal pipeline and how we should think about timing 
for the second opportunity?  
Kishor Patil: 
I would like to clarify it. I think maybe there is some miscommunication in 
this area. What we have said is this is our engagement with the client it 
does not mean that there will be seven mega deals. What we said is these 
are the programs in which we are engaged and I again explained just now,  
our basic business model is to grow with the clients and engage with them 
and grow quarter-on-quarter and we have very strong growth where we do 
not have one single large big deal with the client but what I had mentioned 
last time is there are two deals which I had mentioned about one of which 
we announced for Renault and there will be one more which we will come 
in sometime. That is what I had mentioned in the last quarter. Sachin do 
you want to add anything. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
No there is nothing more to add. That is exactly what we said last time and 
the first half of the year we still have five months so hopefully you know 
we will have the announcement of the second one in times to come. 
Nothing additional. 
Kishor Patil: 
Does this answer your question? 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Yes that is very helpful. Thank you very much and all 
the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil form Alchemy 
Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Yes Sir thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir my question is firstly 
on the calculation that you gave about you said that $14 million is what you 
have recorded this quarter from Technica now if I were to sort of adjust 
that with the current revenue you would come to around $96.5 million 
which is close to 2.5% kind of reported USD growth and if you are going to 
surpass that 24% of growth for the full year that implies a very sharp 
improvement in the next quarter even after 20% sort of reduction from 
Technica so just wanted to get a sense on where is this confidence sort of 
coming from, I understand the deal wins have been very strong but the 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 28 
growth rate is materially higher than what we have delivered in the very, 
very recent past? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
One correction the comparison of 2.5% reported growth and the 24% 
growth is not correct because if we look at the organic CC growth this 
quarter that has been 4.9% so I think that is what needs to be compared 
because 24% plus is  the CC organic growth. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay understood and Sir I just wanted to understand the seasonality 
difference in Technica typically companies based out of Europe or US 
typically have a weakish kind of a quarter in December whereas Technica 
is completely opposite so what drives this unusual seasonality? 
Kishor Patil: 
Frankly, I think it is more to do with a lot of European clients. They have 
certain products and infrastructure which actually they provide to the 
clients and I think that is what mostly has resulted into this  additional 
revenues during the last quarter. Anup you have anything to add. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir another point was on attrition, you mentioned that attrition has dropped 
off by almost 3% points in that backdrop would it be fair to say that this 
year you will probably be ending at about 10700 to 10800 employees adding 
about 2500 odd employees will the hiring intensity continue to remain the 
same or do you think that in the backdrop of reducing attrition you might 
not require strong hiring addition as you did in the last two years? 
Kishor Patil: 
We are planning for a strong hiring but naturally we have a clear process 
by which every running two quarters we plan based on the revenue visibility 
and attrition because you get to know about attrition three months in 
advance roughly. In spite of that we believe that we will have to continue 
on strong hiring for the next year. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood Sir. I will join back in the queue but thank you very much for 
taking my questions. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal form 
PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong set of 
numbers yet again so first question is on the deal wins which we have 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 28 
announced so that TCVprint continues to be very strong for last three 
quarters so just wanted to understand what are the major components of 
it be it in terms of (inaudible) 23:13 or SDV opportunity and also if you can 
quantify what is our share in the overall SDV related deals? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
The question is TCV has been stronger in the last three quarters so any 
sense that we can give on the type of work engagement practice. 
Kishor Patil: 
There are three parts that we typically report one is the feature 
development and integration part, then the architecture and middleware 
and third cloud based. We are seeing growth which is fairly balanced across 
the three and with more and more middleware engagements that we start, 
at the beginning, it also sort of creates opportunities for the other two 
practices to grow. So something takes a lead and then it also benefits the 
other two practices that is the trend that we have seen over the last three 
or four quarters and we believe that is the trend that will continue in the 
immediate future which is the early part of next year. We have had a fairly 
balanced growth across if you take the year-on-year numbers. Quarter-on-
quarter things may change but the growth looks fairly balanced going 
forward. Was there anything else that you wanted me to address or you 
just wanted me to specifically talk about whether it was balanced growth 
or not? 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes Sir just wanted to ask on the software defined vehicles related 
opportunity can you quantify in terms of the overall deal wins which you 
have won how much was related to that and what is the pipeline? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
As we mentioned last time there are six engagements we are already 
engaged in six of them and those are as you would imagine everybody is 
trying to do these kinds of engagements for the first time so we have our 
hands full with software defined vehicle kind of programs they are very 
critical to the clients. The focus is to now make sure that we are on track 
and we are able to deliver them successfully that will be the number one 
focus and as we create more bandwidth we will look at more SDV kind of 
engagements. Some of our other clients would also want us to engage for 
instance commercial vehicles they make take up some of these in a year 
or two so it is good for all of us that we sort of stagger them out over a 
period of time rather than trying to do too many things all at the same time 
and the earlier point when we talk about every SDV kind of engagement it 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 28 
touches all three buckets that we talked about. Initially it starts with 
consulting then it leads to bulk of the work on the middleware and then it 
leads to feature development and also going into the cloud piece right so 
that cycle will continue in the foreseeable future. 
Kishor Patil: 
Just to add to that I think most of our new wins a large part of it I would 
say I do not have exact number but maybe around 60% to 70% are related 
to SDV. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Yes the six engagements that we already started. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay that is really great. Thanks for that clarity. The next question was on 
margins so how should we think about the margin trajectory from here 
given that Technica operates at a higher margin but also has a seasonality 
to it and organically also we are growing very well so there will be some 
support from the organic growth so from here on for the next four quarters 
how should we think about the margin trajectory for KPIT? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think the way I would put it is we have given a guidance or outlook which 
has been pretty consistent. Initially we gave 18% to 19% then we have given 
18.5% to 19% and we will be in that range. We will give our outlook for the 
next year at the end of the next quarter. Overall our strategy has been to 
really have EBITDA margin within this range and invest for any future 
growth; however, if we see that there is additional opportunity to improve 
the margins, we will let you know when we give outlook for the next year. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for that answer and all the best for FY2024. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Mohit Jain form Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir first was you spoke in the opening remark about intangible write off 
that you are anticipating I could not get the context of that but is there any 
such thing which you are planning for 4Q or for FY2023? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
The context there is the Technica acquisition. When we do the acquisition 
we actually have a period of one year to recognize the intangible assets 
that we can have which will reduce the goodwill on the books. So that 
exercise we are currently doing and there is a possibility that we might be 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 28 
able to account for those assets for Technica that we have acquired and 
then start the amortization of those assets. It could happen in Q4 this year 
or it could start from Q1 next year but that is something that will happen 
when we do the purchase price allocation of Technica. so that is what we 
were talking about. 
Mohit Jain: 
Understood and second if you could comment little bit on the deal pipeline 
like because we have very strong bookings this quarter has it moved up, 
how much has it moved up anything that will help us understand? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Overall if you look at the trend for the last seven to eight quarters now it 
has grown substantially quarter-on-quarter and the last quarter was not 
an exception it improved substantially from the previous quarter to that 
almost a 70% to 80% growth in that and we do see strong demand coming 
our way and we believe that as we enter the next year we should start the 
next year on a strong pipeline and again as Mr. Patil mentioned earlier on 
the bulk of it is actually coming from our existing strategic accounts and it 
is not going to be something that is going to be separately carved out or 
called as a large engagement. It is just that because the way in which we 
engage with them there is just so much more that we can do with the 
client. 
Mohit Jain: 
But that will pass through your TCV numbers that you report right 
irrespective of the size? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
That is correct. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay and a follow-up was you said 70% to 80% 3Q FY2023 versus 3Q 
FY2022 is that the right number? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Yes. 
Mohit Jain: 
Coming to margins we had this Rs.14 Crores integration cost which 
practically takes margins above 20% for Q3 itself assuming there are cross 
currency tailwinds for the next quarter and supply side is inching up should 
not we expect that margins eventually head towards or in that direction for 
2024? 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 28 
Kisho Patil: 
I think I explained that. Right now the way we are focusing on I think the 
biggest focus for the company is the best execution for our clients and that 
is why we have given certain range and we will remain range bound. Every 
quarter is different that something else comes like during this quarter we 
got other income which we may or may not get next quarter it really 
depends on but as a company what we are doing is keeping it into that 
range and the rest we can allocate for better execution or growth we do 
that and naturally that allows us to continue with the strong growth and 
better execution with the client which is very critical to our success. For 
the next year as a whole how it will pan out we will give you some indication 
at the end of the Q4. 
Mohit Jain: 
Correct Sir. That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Ramnani form Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers so the first question was on client 
matrix so when I look at the client matrix active clients are flat Q-o-Q while 
client concentration has reduced after acquiring Technica so is it fair to 
assume that we were already working with all of the Technica’s clients and 
also does Technica integration change our thought on the strategic T25 
customers bucket which we have? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So let me address the first part. The strategic intent does not change. In 
fact Technica fits in really well with what we are trying to do with our T25 
clients and there was a really good validation as Mr. Patil mentioned during 
CES that many such clients were excited about having Technica being part 
of KPIT. Technica allows us to go deeper and wider within the existing 
clients and that is something that we will continue going forward as well. 
Now on to your second question yes of course the point is not here to add 
clients quarter-on-quarter we are very selective about adding clients and 
that is something that we decide at the beginning of the year so when we 
plan for next year we will have clarity in terms of which clients we will 
really focus on adding for the next year but your question about the 
concentration, I think there are certain revenues in Technica that are not 
related to our T25 clients that came in and so organically we have had 
growth which has been very sound. With Technica coming in there are 
certain clients that are not in line with our T25 as of now that is why you 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 28 
see a little bit of fluctuation, but you will see that over the next few 
quarters it will come back to the same.. We are also disengaging with 
certain clients which are not in line with our focus so it worked out the 
same number, but it may not be exactly the same. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Got that and another question was to understand the cost structure of 
Technica better so we added about 290 employees from Technica about 
$14 million of revenue which translates to a fairly high revenue per 
employee is it fair to assume that Technica would also have high 
subcontracting cost in their cost structure which might be sitting in the 
other expenses and if that is the case how do we plan and do we expect 
to continue with the similar cost structure or is there a change we think 
about that? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
If you remember when we announced the deal, there is an entity in Tunisia 
which works exclusively for Technica so those employees are not a part of 
KPIT today. We will acquire that entity going forward but right now those 
employees are not a part of the total employees of Technica but they 
provide services for Technica and hence you will see that it is appearing to 
be a little bit higher right now which is essentially the subcontracting cost. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan form 
Investec Capital Services India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Good evening. Congrats on the strong quarter. My question was on margins 
so this quarter excluding the integration cost obviously margins would have 
been higher by maybe 140 bps or 150 now what has sort of driven this delta 
on margins during the quarters is it anything related to realizations or is it 
the positive seasonality or what of Technica or do you think in some way 
the gains that were made in these margins are someway defensible so I 
just wanted to understand the drivers of this margin improvement for the 
quarter so that is the first one and the second one is if I have missed during 
the call was about I think in the last quarter you spoke about two mega 
deals and I think one has come through and just wanted your thoughts on 
the second and also if there are any more in the pipeline of this size and 
structure and lastly just wanted to understand these deals are basically for 
model launches in 2025 and 2026 and I presume companies OEMs who are 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 28 
looking to launch these models would be in a hurry to sort for the deals to 
really come out so is this the right way to think that a lot of these deals 
will be upfronted in terms of the way they accrue to you or do you think 
the deal structures for the other clients are a little more broken down and 
not as integrated so these were the three questions? 
Kishor Patil: 
Let me address the second question first. Yes, we did talk about two very 
long-term large engagements one which we announced during the last 
quarter and second one as I mentioned earlier on is in the first half of this 
calendar year four or five months to go and our hope is that we will 
conclude that in the next few months to come that is the first part of your 
question. Second part is about you are right some of these engagements 
that we have signed up for some in nature of what you will call mega sort 
of engagements other are just projects and programs being carved out and 
coming our way but all heading towards 25-26 model year. Yes that will 
continue. As we mentioned that we hope that there is one more that we 
will announce in the near future and then maybe one or two going forward 
not all of them are going to come in that kind of front end. To your point 
many of them will also come as part of an extension of the work that we 
are doing or just programs coming our way but not quite structured in a 
mega engagement kind of so it is going to be a mixed bag across. On the 
margin part, so if you look at it the major contribution obviously is the 
revenue growth and when we have revenue growth also the freshers that 
we have added earlier and they have got one or two projects so that 
process is continuing and there is a net realization improvement which we 
focus every quarter which is a combination of rate increases plus 
productivity improvement that we focus on so I think all of these things 
has played their part in the margins that we have shown after the deal 
expenses. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: So these margins are defensible, it is just a choice that you would make on 
a going forward basis as to how much you would want to retain and what 
you want.. 
Kishor Patil: 
Absolutely and it is a consistent basis that the margin and this has been 
the case for more than a year. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Is this one thing I think what we have demonstrated over the past years is 
that margins have been on a consistent upward trajectory and we have 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 28 
never maximized on margins in any particular year you always use some of 
that for a growth so when we think out as investors is it fair to assume 
that directionally because of the kind of structures you are in there will 
always be room to improve margin at the same time it will be very 
calibrated over longer periods of time? 
Kishor Patil: 
That is true. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. Entering into next year 
what do you find more challenging in terms of demand side situation or 
supply side because we are growing at half yearly rapid growth trajectory 
so do you think which one would be more challenging for one look at 
calendar 2023, second question is about TCV number what we report can 
you help us understand it includes only new portion or it includes new plus 
renewal what happened the during quarter? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Sorry I will just answer that question. The TCV number includes both 
renewal as well as new. 
Anup Sable:  
So going forward I think definitely it is an issue of supply side and if you 
look at the SDV programs which Mr. Patil talked about in terms of being 
the largest contributor to current as well as the future growth. There are 
certain elements in the SDV which requires reasonably good understanding 
of what competencies are required so there is a shift in the competency 
so from a supply perspective getting the right people, making sure that they 
have the right competencies and of course then delivering and focusing on 
the execution on that is the biggest challenge. 
Kishor Patil: 
Basically, we are in a position to hire a number of people I think the quality 
is something which we are looking to improve. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
If I may just add a further nuance to what Mr. Sable and Mr. Patil said in 
our opinion the supply side in terms of quantity it will get easier it is already 
getting easier it is going to be quality but more importantly, I think this 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 28 
execution is very complex program that is going to be the number one 
challenge. The programs that nobody else has done before right so that will 
be our number one challenge. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand and if I can ask two more questions first about the commercial 
vehicle, if I look it is showing some kind of moderation for the last three to 
four quarters, see if you can provide some outlook on the demand trend 
what we are seeing and last is about the Technica you indicated some kind 
of subcontracting arrangement with some company and we may potentially 
acquire if you can give some detail what is that what we are looking at 
here, thanks? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So let me address the commercial vehicle part. Commercial vehicle I think 
looking at anything for just one quarter is not a fair way of looking at it. It 
is like looking at our growth across geographies where we believe that the 
growth will be balanced across geographies it may change from quarter-
to-quarter and it is the same thing with commercial vehicle. Our business 
over the last two years has grown consistently in commercial vehicle and 
we believe that it will continue to grow in the coming years. It is just that 
passenger car business growth has been significant, driven by software 
defined vehicle but we are still quite bullish on commercial vehicles and if 
you look at the numbers I think Y-o-Y growth is about 15% in CV and even 
if you look at last quarter the sequential growth was very strong at 6%, so 
the growth has been stronger it is just this quarter that it is flattish but if 
you look at the Y-o-Y trend or even the YTD trend you will see that growth 
is there. 
Kishor Patil: 
So on the last part let me explain you, there need not be any confusion. 
When we acquired Technica they had multiple centers and one of the 
centers is Tunisia which is their own company but little differently 
structured and we decided to acquire it after fulfilling some changes in 
their structure, etc., We do not have to pay anything additional for it, it is 
just our choice to get few things done before we acquire it and that is why 
it is appearing as a subcontracting. Otherwise, there is no difference. Did I 
answer your question? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. Thank you. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Sandeep Shah from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a very strong execution. 
Just a first question after Technica coming into your bag or umbrella is it 
fair to say now we have addressed all the gaps to be addressed in terms 
of the software defined vehicle or is this trend or do we still have gaps and 
if not then in that scenario getting position in terms of a larger sized deals 
would be much stronger going forward versus what it used to be around 
one quarter back? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
We have addressed some of the gaps especially on the upper left-hand side 
of the software development and upper right-hand side of the software 
development, so system networking, system proof of concept and system 
validation part and it is a very strong fit in terms of what we have. The 
pursuit of what the customer wants and what are the white spaces that 
are available is an ongoing thing and as we speak we are continuously 
finding out new whitespaces in the SDV space as the customer is also 
finding out some of the new whitespaces in the SDV space. We will keep 
on discovering them and focusing on them. So far so good but I think going 
forward you will see many more white spaces coming up which we will 
capture and if you look at last two years some of these gaps have been 
bridged. We used the strategy of build vs buy and partnerships, some of 
these we have actually built internally and some through the  acquisition 
of Technica .In the entire ecosystem one company cannot do it all so we 
also have to partner with some other key players to provide a more 
comprehensive solution to the clients. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Helpful and just looking at the macro scenario in the Europe is there any 
instance despite the projects which we work are critical for the models to 
be launched in the future, clients are slightly behaving conservative in 
terms of their decision making or in terms of awarding deals or after 
awarding start of the projects or after start ramping up the projects any 
instances are you witnessing? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
I think there are two answers so overall given the macro scenario all clients 
are going to be very cautious. Some clients  have taken some proactive 
steps to cut costs. Fortunately for us they are cutting costs in other areas 
and they are prioritizing things like software defined vehicles and so forth. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 28 
So overall yes, clients are becoming more and more cautious about the 
spend but as far as KPIT and our pipeline and our programmes are 
concerned we have not seen anything that is likely to impact us in the 
immediate future. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just last few bookkeeping questions so I think this quarter in the P&L we 
had a cost of goods sold related to material consumption and the finished 
good inventory so is it largely related to Technica and will it continue in 
future quarters or it is more specific to third quarter being seasonally a 
strong quarter as a whole? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
It is completely related to Technica and it will go up and down but it will 
be there going further also. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In the initial remarks we said the effective tax rate on a going forward basis 
would be 23% right? 
Priya Hardikar: 
On annual basis it would be 23%. 
Priya Hardikar: 
Yes so on annual basis will be around 23 plus. 
Sandeep Shah: 
With amortization of intangibles for the Technica do you believe the 
depreciation amortization as a percentage to revenue may go up or may 
actually come down with some of the other assets which are organic 
becoming older and their depreciation may come down? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
I think we will have to really decide on the quantum that we will arrive at 
for doing this and obviously then we do it initially it will have some marginal 
impact but of course as the revenue grows that percentage will come down 
but obviously we have not yet decided what is the quantum we will have 
to work on it and then come up with a number which we will share with 
you once it has been done. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In the presentation you said M&A related cost is still pending so will it come 
largely in Q4 or it may come still 1Q of next financial year and what could 
be the quantum? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
As Mr. Patil said in initial remarks some costs that we will do for integration 
will come in the next two quarters. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 28 
Sandeep Shah: 
The quantum may decline in Q4 and Q1 related to some of the consultant 
cost? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Hi thanks for the opportunity. So in this quarter as employee expenses have 
not grown as much as our revenue and they have also decreased as 
percentage of our revenue so how did this happen and is it sustainable? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
I think if you look at it as we have said with growth and with improved 
productivity, we intend to have that number to be in this range or slightly 
lower as we move ahead so that is what this number is. It is also a fraction 
of the freshers that we have recruited over the last three, four quarters 
and that has improved the overall cost structure. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
So we have better utilization now, yes? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Yes we will have it as we move forward. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Also we commented that we could grow double from our current position 
with most of our clients so is it an aspiration or are you aiming for that and 
what would be the timeline for that? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
I think it is a great question. When we say that we will focus on handful of 
clients actually we have no choice but to double the revenue in there, Jokes 
apart what we have realized is as we engage with them deeper we are also 
getting broader insights into the areas in which they need help and as Mr. 
Sable pointed out earlier we are also responding to their needs and creating 
offerings that are relevant to them and this goes back to becoming a truly 
trusted partner to them and given that model we think that over the next 
three to four years we will be able to double our growth within the same 
clients. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Thank you. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vimal Gohil from 
Alchemy Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 28 
Vimal Gohil: 
Yes Sir thank you for the opportunity again. My question on some of the 
hardware cost has been answered. If you can help us revise you had done 
this acquisition sometime back of FMS which was into ADAS, etc., if your 
current quarterly numbers on the share of associates is anything to go by 
there has been some slowdown there if you can just highlight what is 
update there, how is the company performing, is it line in with our estimate 
or is it line with our expectations or not, what is the current revenue run 
rate that it is clocking? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think it is in line with what we discussed I think the company is doing well 
but we are still a minority shareholder in that I think the trigger for 
acquisitions will come in next quarter or so, so we will give the details once 
we conclude that. Right now it may not be appropriate to share the details 
but the company is doing well and on the profitability front we are in line 
with the company profitability. 
Vimal Gohil: 
While the number is not significant as of now but the sharp decline is not 
related to FMS or do we have any other entity there or how is it? 
Priya Hardikar: 
No there is no correlation there. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay the share of associates Madam is regarding which entity right now? 
Priya Hardikar: 
It is for FMS. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
The answer is that it is just a quarterly phenomenon and we should not 
take that as a trend in FMS but we are saying if we take the year as a whole 
we are on track to do the targets that we had in mind in terms of revenue 
and profits, so though quarter-on-quarter it has gone down we will see 
that going up and there is no issue as such in terms of the targeted revenue 
or the targeted profits that we had in mind. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood Sir. Thank you so much Sir. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Karan Janthi from Jetha Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Janthi: 
I had a few questions. The first has been on whether there is any integration 
risk with this Technica acquisition I know it is a different country and really 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 28 
kind of combining workforces in anyway so is it fair to say there is very 
limited integration risk? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Every company that is acquired carries some kind of a risk so we have done 
a very detailed risk assessment and we have a regular fortnightly meetings 
to mitigate and plan in terms of what needs to be done. So far so good we 
do not see any major risk right now. 
Kishor Patil: 
Actually they are very excited looking at the opportunity they see with our 
strategic plan. From their point of view they would have never got that kind 
of exposure to these clients globally. 
Kishor Patil: 
We have overall excitement at the moment in terms of the opportunities 
that we see and what real value add we could do to the clients together. 
Karan Janthi: 
Got it and then I guess one other question relating to how you think about 
this Renault deal I am curious about the offshore and onshore ratio for that 
deal is and even if you look at kind of revenue EBIT per share is that 
accretive for the current business it is a sort of a new deal you might have 
a better view on it? 
Kishor Patil: 
We do not provide the breakup in terms of onsite and offshore revenue. 
Our engagements swing basically depending upon their stage, location 
where we are engaged so we keep away from the split, but as we 
mentioned that if you look at a year back the onsite has gone up overall 
our people on site have gone up and that is for multiple reasons but looking 
at our engagements we need to execute, , but most of this work will be 
largely delivered out of offshore locations not necessarily India over a 
period of time. 
Karan Janthi: 
Got it and then just a last one. I think your TCV based on the last four 
quarters I think started reporting four quarters ago is about $700 million 
US dollars maybe the overall TCVs we had in that how do we think about 
conversion and visibility does that mean if you have a three-year average 
deal life you are looking at 40% revenues being visible in the coming fiscal 
or what is the right way to think about that? 
Kishor Patil: 
Many of these deals are anywhere between three to five years kind of 
duration so it changes. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Hard to sort of put a formula and tell you. I think there are different flavors 
to it and as Mr. Patil said earlier on we are in a good position at this point 
in time. We have revised the guidance and by end of next quarter we will 
give you the guidance for the next year but it is kind of hard to translate. 
Karan Janthi: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dhanshree Jadhav from Anvil Share 
& Stock Broking. Please go ahead. As there is no response from the current 
participant in the queue we will move to the next question. The next 
question is from the line of Deval Shah from RBSA Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Deval Shah: 
My question is related with the business unit so I just wanted to understand 
our three business units so how are they different in terms of our client 
engagement as well as on the margin profile and what as KPIT we are 
strategizing so is it we are going to be more focused on the middleware or 
we are going to focus on the cloud base so I am talking about more on the 
5 to 10 years? 
Kishor Patil:  
I think as we mentioned these are the three important parts for the OEMs 
and even in SDV programmes all the three parts are relevant. The reason 
we have made it because this is how the buying centers at the client side 
run, so we have mapped our organization to the client side and the second 
thing is earlier we used to give it practice wise but that is not how the 
organization works at the client side that is why we changed the structure 
to map with the client organization so to your point our focus is across but 
some of the areas like architecture, middleware, and cloud based 
connected services these are in some way recent in last couple of years 
and size is relatively modest as compared to the one where it is 
electrification, autonomous etc. which we have built over last five to six 
years so that is why they are growing faster but at the same time as Mr. 
Tikekar mentioned I think one leads to another so it is a kind of combined 
story and that is why actually with Technica and other acquisitions we are 
in a position to give a blue print to the execution full story from KPIT. 
Deval Shah: 
Just on the margin profile also so are these three have a similar kind of 
margin profile and term of contract? 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 28 
Kishor Patil:  
At a gross contribution on this level there are some changes I think there 
are little more profitable than the others but volume is higher in some 
cases versus some scale is different so it changes but the mix is not going 
to impact significantly anything what we have mentioned. 
Deval Shah: 
Got it and my another question is more on margins so I understand that we 
have given the guidance of 18.5% to 19% as of now but looking at the kind 
of services we aspire to provide so what is our long-term aspirational 
margins even after 3 to 5 years so if we are providing more value-added 
services and more integrated services to our clients then what would be 
our aspirational EBITDA margin we are looking at? 
Kishor Patil:  
Basically what we have mentioned always is we will show a consistent 
growth in the margins and we will invest anything over and above if we can 
meaningfully invest into growth or delivery so we have said that we will 
cross 20% in next couple of years that is what we mentioned. As I always 
said there is always a lever to grow margins. It is our choice to invest into 
growth and new technology investment which we will continue to do 
because I think that is important for us and that is how we are managing. 
Deval Shah: 
Understood. That is it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from 
Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Broadly questions with regards to 
the rest of world geography so which are the countries where we are 
present other than US and Europe and what current environment there 
which is supportive to us and what possibility we look in these geographies 
other than US and Europe? 
Sachin Tikekar:  
In Asia bulk of our revenues actually come from Japan and there are some 
revenues from Korea and China and we have one client in Vietnam and of 
course there is some business that is in India where we service some of 
our global clients. So those are the ones, bulk of the revenues come from 
Japan and we think that we will continue to grow in Japan, also in Korea, 
the situation in China has been very difficult over the last three years now 
the things are opening up finally we will have to see how to sort of trigger 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 28 
into China over mid to long term. Japan will continue to be the key growth 
driver for Asia in the immediate future. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
One more clarification there was news a year back that some shortage of 
chip in automobile sector is there due to disturbances in China so does any 
of our clients facing such disturbances? 
Sachin Tikekar:  
Yes it has been a huge challenge for the last couple of years for most of 
the OEMs. Not just in the automotive industry but in other industries as 
well. But it is getting easier by the day it is still not behind us but I think 
the supply has increased a little bit and as things have opened up globally 
things are actually getting better by the day. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Thank you so much and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal from 
Choice India Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: Firstly congratulations on good set of numbers and good organic growth, 
now my point Sir is that you see we are working on a revenue per employee 
trying to expand as much as we can and trying to decrease the cost per 
employee as much as we can so that we can get a good employee yield I 
wanted to ask what is your trajectory what is your outlook on that in the 
employee yields so to speak, we are increasing employees on a slightly 
lower rate than what could have been expected so does that mean that 
now we are on a sustainable improvement in employee yield that we are 
hoping to have more revenue per employee as opposed to cost per 
employee so that will lead to a better yield so if you could throw any 
guidance that would be very grateful? 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
We have talked about the margins all of these metrices that you talked 
about viz revenue per employee, profit per employee or utilization all of 
that will materialize into the operating margins that we have talked about 
and that is the increase that we have seen. I do not think we will be able 
to say what will be the trajectory there. If you look at the last four quarters 
actually our hiring has been higher for the future than our revenue growth 
but if you see as a trend in the medium term obviously the aim is to improve 
that number as revenue per employee and also the profit per employee to 
go up which will result into the steady improvement in operating margins. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 28 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: Are we seeing any trajectory like that in terms of the contracts that we are 
seeing for that is higher value contracts which are more technical in nature 
and hence we are able to generate more revenue per employee as such or 
is it the same kind of contracts right now, what is happening Sir? 
Kishor Patil:  
At a high level I can say that our realizations are improving with the new 
contracts. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: Wonderful. Thank you so much Sir. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just last two things in terms of the practice 
revenues it looks like the Technica has been added across service lines 
because the incremental revenue across service lines does not? 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
That is true. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The 20% Technica margins are at EBITDA or EBIT level? 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
The 20% margins are at EBIT levels. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks and all the best and congrats once again. 
Moderator: 
We have Ms. Dhanshree Jadhav from Anvil Share & Stock Broking with the 
next question. Please go ahead. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Congrats on great set of numbers. My question was on the growth that we 
have witnessed in architecture and middleware consulting the growth is 
quite strong at 50% quarter-on-quarter and as you said it includes Technica 
so I just want to know excluding Technica what would be the growth there 
and what is driving this growth and what will drive this growth in near term 
and in long run is what I want to gauge from the management? 
Kishor Patil:  
I do not have a big number but roughly I can say that it will be about 
double-digit growth quarter-on-quarter for this practice organically. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
If you look at what middleware is it is the most critical part of the software 
defined vehicle, so when software needs to basically define the vehicle 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 28 
middleware becomes a very important component on that and it is the first 
and earliest change that will happen and I think when you see all these SDV 
programmes being kicked in this is the first time for most developments 
that starts kicking in that is why there is a growth. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
If I just want to add on to it like any particular client or deal has led this 
growth if you can call out something there and also in context with Europe 
you know Europe for KPIT has been witnessing very strong growth last 
couple of quarters this quarter it was obviously including Technica but 
somewhere in that context or whatever separately if you can call out for 
the growth organic basis is what I would like to now? 
Sachin Tikekar:  
I am sorry can you repeat the first question I remember the second part 
what was the first part? 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
The growth in the middleware on organic any particular client, deal that is 
driving that organically and if that can be in context with the kind of growth 
we are seeing in Europe because that was quite strong for KPIT and this 
year obviously it was including Technica but something if you can call out 
in terms of any particular trend you are looking that would be helpful? 
Sachin Tikekar:  
Okay understood. Thank you. As we mentioned earlier in the call there are 
about 6 SDV programmes that we are working on and as one would expect 
bulk of them are in Europe that is why the growth is driven by the 6 SDV 
programmes in the middleware and overall SDV and some of the key clients 
have been in Europe that has also driven the growth organically in Europe 
and now the Technica acquisition has even made it stronger. Does that 
answer your question? 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Yes that is helpful and one last question management has conveyed that 
we would seek on sustainable basis the growth to be at 20% like annual so 
is that maintained or there could be some challenges to it I am asking for 
the long term? 
Kishor Patil:  
I think we have given overview overall last year when we gave and we feel 
reasonably confident. You are seeing what we have performed this year and 
there is nothing which warrants any change in our view. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Yes great thanks. I think that answers most of my question. 

                                                             KPIT Technologies Limited 
February 01, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you Sir! 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you very much for your interest and participation. If you still have 
any more queries please feel free to write to me and I will be happy to 
address those. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes the conference call. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
