 
HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION LIMITED 
www.hdfc.com 
 
Corporate Office: HDFC House, HT Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020. 
 Tel.: 66316000, 22820282. Fax: 022-22046834, 22046758. 
Regd. Office: 
Ramon House, HT Parekh Marg, 169, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai 400 020. INDIA. 
Corporate Identity Number: L70100MH1977PLC019916 
 
Ref. No. SE/2023-24/54 
 
May 8, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
 
            
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, 
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 051. 
 
Kind Attn: – Sr. General Manager                     
Kind Attn: Head - Listing  
 
                       DCS - Listing Department 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of earnings call – audited financial results for the quarter/year ended 
March 31, 2023 
 
We refer to our intimation dated May 4, 2023, informing that the Corporation has uploaded the 
audio recording of the earnings call hosted by it on May 4, 2023 to discuss the audited financial 
results for the quarter/year ended March 31, 2023, on its website. 
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2021 notified by SEBI on May 5, 2021, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the said earnings call. 
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Corporation and can be accessed through 
the link: 
https://www.hdfc.com/content/dam/housingdevelopmentfinancecorp/pdf/investors/relations/finan
cials/2023/mar-2023/HDFC_Ltd-earnings-may04-2023-transcript.pdf 
 
Further, please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed by the 
Corporation during the said earnings call. 
 
 
We request you to take note of the above and arrange to bring this to the notice of all concerned.  
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited 
 
 
Ajay Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl. a/a 
 
AJAY GIRIDHARILAL 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by AJAY 
GIRIDHARILAL AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.05.08 18:02:05 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“HDFC Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KEKI M. MISTRY - VICE CHAIRMAN AND CEO 
MS. RENU SUD KARNAD - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. V.S. RANGAN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. CONRAD D’SOUZA - MEMBER OF EXECUTIVE 
MANAGEMENT AND CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
MS. ANJALEE TARAPORE - ADDITIONAL SENIOR 
GENERAL MANAGER 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to HDFC Limited Q4 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded.  
 
We have with us HDFC's Vice Chairman and CEO – Mr. Keki M. Mistry; Managing Director – 
Ms. Renu Sud Karnad; Executive Director – Mr. V.S. Rangan; Member of Executive 
Management and Chief Investor Relations Officer – Mr. Conrad D’Souza; and Additional Senior 
General Manager – Ms. Anjalee Tarapore. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Keki M. Mistry. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Good Afternoon Everyone, 
At the outset, I would like to welcome all of you to HDFC’s earnings call for the current financial 
year.  
The Board of Directors at its meeting held earlier today approved the financial results for the 
year ended March 31, 2023, which were subjected to an annual audit.  
Let me start with outlining a few developments in the economy over  the last three months which 
have a bearing on the Corporation: 
The Monetary Policy Committee at its meeting held in February 2023 increased the policy repo 
rate by a further 25 basis points to keep inflation expectations anchored. The aggregate increase 
in repo rate since May 2022 has been 250 basis points. 
During the quarter there was a further uptick in interest rates consequent to which we have 
increased deposit rates as well as rates on loan products. 
In its April 2023 monetary policy RBI has paused the rate hikes. RBI will however monitor price 
stability in determining further rate actions. 
The momentum in the economy was strong right through the financial year ending March 2023. 
This is reflected in a significant pick up in individual loan disbursements and a 17 percent growth 
in the individual loan book on an AUM basis.  
During the year, the loan book crossed Rs 6 lac crore and the AUM crossed Rs 7 lac crore.   
March 2023 witnessed the highest ever monthly individual disbursements in HDFC’s history. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Asset quality has continued to reflect improvement. Stage 2 and Stage 3 loan assets have reduced 
from a peak of 9.2 percent in  June 2021 to 6.7 percent in March, 2022 and now further down to 
5.0 percent in March, 2023. 
Over the next few minutes, I will give you a summary of the key highlights of the performance 
for the year and the quarter ended March 31, 2023.  
Let me start by summarising the progress of our business through this period. 
Our individual loan disbursements for the year ended 31st March 2023 grew by 16 percent over 
the previous year. 
 Housing disbursements constituted 93 percent of individual disbursements in the current year. 
Growth in home loans was seen in all segments of the market.  
94 percent of new loan applications were received through digital channels. 
During the fourth quarter, we sold individual loans aggregating to Rs 9,340 crores 
The individual loans sold during the last 12 months amounted to Rs 36,910 crores. 
These loans were assigned to HDFC Bank pursuant to the mortgage sharing agreement with the 
Bank.  
Individual loan book growth on an AUM basis was 17 percent. If the loans amounting to Rs 
36,910 crores had not been sold during the preceding 12 months, then the growth in the 
individual loan book would have been 24 percent. 
On a Balance Sheet basis, our individual loan book increased to Rs 4,99,496 crores. In addition 
to this, the individual loans sold by the Corporation and outstanding as on March 31, 2023 
amounted to Rs 1,02,071 crores. HDFC continues to service these loans. Individual loans 
outstanding on an AUM basis amounted to Rs 6,01,567 crores- a growth of 17 percent over the 
previous year. 
As at March 31, 2023 our non-individual loan book on an AUM basis was Rs 1,22,421 crore.  
As mentioned in our earlier calls, construction finance loans unlike lease rental discounting loans 
have a longer disbursement period as they are disbursed based on progress of construction and 
after the developer has brought in his equity.  
Further, over the last few quarters we have seen some scheduled repayments of earlier facilities 
and resolution of some stressed assets.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
We have also, on maturity, run down exposures in the loan book to ensure compliance with 
HDFC Bank’s norms in view of the impending merger. Such loans aggregating to around Rs 
18,000 crores have been repaid over the last year. 
The total Assets Under Management (AUM) as at March 31, 2023 amounted to Rs 7,23,988 
crores as compared to Rs 6,53,902 crores in the previous year - a growth of 11 percent. 
If no loans had been sold during the preceding 12 months, then the growth in the total loan book 
would have been 16 percent. 
Prepayments on retail loans, amounted to 11.3 percent of the opening loan book.  
The average size of individual loans for the year ended March 31, 2023 stood at Rs 36.2 lacs as 
compared to Rs 33.1 lacs in FY22.  
The contribution, in value terms, from customers with an annual family income of Rs 18 lacs or 
more has increased during the year to 53 percent from 45 percent during the corresponding 
period in the previous year. 
During the year ended March 31, 2023, 23 percent of home loans approved in terms of number 
of customers and 9 percent in value terms were to customers from the Economically Weaker 
Section (EWS) and the Low Income Groups (LIG). 
The average home loan to customers in the EWS segment amounted to Rs 10.7 lacs and to 
customers in the LIG segment amounted to Rs 19.4 lacs.  
If we break up the loan book outstanding on March 31, 2023 on an AUM basis into different 
categories then individual loans constituted 83 percent of the total loan book, as compared to 79 
percent in the previous year.  
Construction finance constituted 7 percent, of the total loan book, Lease rental discounting loans 
constituted 6 percent of the total loan book while corporate loans constituted 4 percent.   
If you were to look at the incremental loan book growth, then for the year ended March 31, 2023, 
the entire growth is from individual loans.  
98 percent of the loans were sourced through distribution channels - however this is largely 
through HDFC Sales and HDFC Bank.  
HDFC Sales accounted for 51 percent of the loans sourced, while HDFC Bank accounted for 31 
percent. Third Party DSAs accounted for 16 percent. 
Thus, 84 percent of HDFC’s individual business was sourced directly or through our associates. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
The Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS) was extended to mitigate the economic 
distress caused by the COVID pandemic. 
Under ECLGS 1, 2 and 3, the Corporation has disbursed an aggregate amount of Rs 1,883 crores 
till March 2023 which amounted to 0.3 percent of the loan book. Amounts disbursed under this 
facility are guaranteed by the Central Government. 
 
The Reserve Bank of India permitted a one-time restructuring of loans under its resolution for 
COVID-19 related stress.  
As at March 31, 2023 the outstanding loans under OTR 1 and OTR 2 amount to Rs 3,889 crores 
which is equivalent to 0.6  percent of the loan book - as compared to a peak of 1.4 percent in 
September of the previous year.  
98 percent of the OTR loans are in the individual loan book. 
The average collection efficiency for individual loans on a cumulative basis over the last year is 
over 99 percent.  
The Corporation, has continued to report NPAs in accordance with the revised RBI circular of 
November 12, 2021.  
December 2021, was the first quarter when we were required to report NPAs under the new 
norms brought in by RBI.  
Since then we have re-engineered our recovery mechanism and processes and I am happy to 
report that as of March 31, 2023, Gross Non-performing individual loans calculated under the 
new norms stood at 0.75 percent - down from 0.99 percent in March 22  and a peak of 1.44 
percent in December 2021. So, effectively the decline has been from 1.44 percent to 0.75 percent. 
Similarly, gross non-performing non-individual loans stood at 2.90 percent, down from 4.76 
percent in March 22.  
As per the new regulatory norms, the gross non-performing loans as at March 31, 2023 stood at 
Rs 7,246 crores. This is equivalent to 1.18 percent of the loan portfolio, down from 1.91 percent 
in March 22 and a peak of 2.32 percent in December 2021. So, effectively, over this period of 
time from December 2021 to March 2023, we have seen a decline from 2.32% to 1.18%. 
The improvement in credit quality is also reflected in the credit costs, which I will cover later. 
As at March 31, 2023, the Corporation carried a provision for loans of Rs 12,145 crores. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
Under Ind AS accounting, both asset classification and provisioning have moved from the 
incurred loss model to the Expected Credit Loss model for providing for future credit losses. 
Based on the model, the total EAD of Rs 6,19,798 crores is broken up as : 
Stage 1 
 
-   95.0 percent 
Stage 2 
 
-   3.6 percent 
 
Stage 3   
-   1.4 percent 
We have seen a 4.2 percentage point reduction in the aggregate of Stage 2 and Stage 3 assets 
from the peak of 9.2 percent in June 2021 to 5.0 percent of the Exposure At Default over the last 
seven quarters. 
In fact, in the current financial year itself we have seen a 170 basis point reduction in the 
aggregate of Stage 2 and Stage 3 assets from 6.7 percent in March 2022 to 5.0 percent in March 
2023. 
During the quarter, we have charged the Profit and Loss Account with a sum of Rs 438 crores 
towards provisioning. 
The aggregate charge to the Profit and Loss Account for the year is Rs 1,795 crores. 
The ECL to EAD Coverage ratio for Stage 2 assets is 27 percent and for Stage 3 is 53 percent. 
The provisions carried as a percentage of the EAD amounted to 1.96 percent. 
As a result of the improvement in asset quality over the last eight quarters, annualised credit cost 
for Q4 was 25 basis points.  
Credit costs for the year is 27 basis points (previous year 33 basis points). 
We had stated in our earlier earnings calls, that as asset quality related issues get resolved we 
should, over a period of time, be able to normalise the credit costs to pre COVID levels on a 
sustainable basis. This in turn will have a positive impact on the Return on Equity.  
 
We continue to hold all our investments in HDFC Bank, HDFC Life, HDFC Asset Management 
and all our other subsidiary and associate companies at the original cost of acquisition, which is 
the price we had paid whilst making those investments. These investments are not accounted for 
on a fair value basis.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
If we were to mark to market the listed investments as at March 31, 2023 the unrealised gains, 
(which is the difference between the market price as on March 31, 2023 and the carrying cost), 
would be Rs 2,41,392 crores.  
This unrecognised gain is not part of our net worth, nor has it been considered in our capital 
adequacy calculations. 
Our capital adequacy ratio on March 31, 2023 stood at  24.3 percent of which Tier I capital is 
23.8 percent and Tier II capital 0.5 percent. The capital adequacy is well above the regulatory 
requirement. 
Risk weighted assets are Rs 4,75,567 crore 
At this stage and as we have done it in the past, in the past earnings calls, it is important to talk 
about the Return on Equity (ROE). 
Under the IndAS accounting norms, Net Worth includes certain items which do not form part of 
Tier I capital under the prudential regulations. 
These include - 
1] IndAs Transition Reserve 
2] Deferred Tax Liability on Special Reserve 
3] Fair value gains on investments through OCI 
4] Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates in excess of 10 percent of Net Owned Funds 
5] Securitisation gains recognised upfront in accordance with IndAS requirement 
These items aggregate to Rs 20,725 crores. Hence, Tier I Capital is Rs 1,13,260 crores as against 
a Reported Net Worth in March 2023 of Rs 1,33,985 crores. 
A more appropriate way of calculating the ROE would therefore be on Regulatory Tier I Capital 
as against the conventional method of computing it on total Net Worth. 
ROE based on Tier I Capital for the year ended March 31, 2023 is 16 percent.  
As of date 3,600 warrants were converted into 3,600 shares of  the Corporation at a price of Rs 
2,165 per share. The last date for conversion of warrants is August 10, 2023. 
As at March 31, 2023 the Corporation’s total borrowings amounted to Rs 5,68,222 crores. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
Term loans including the External Commercial Borrowings of USD 1.5 billion equivalent drawn 
in the current year and Refinance from the National Housing Bank accounted for 28 percent of 
the borrowings. 
Market borrowings i.e. NCDs and Commercial Paper accounted for 45 percent of the borrowings. 
Deposits as at the year end amounted to Rs 1,52,111 crores and constitute 27 percent of the 
borrowings. 
It is very important to mention here that while the deposit level has remained steady, retail 
deposits now constitute 73 percent of deposits as compared to 62 percent in March 2022.  
We continue to encourage retail deposits which constitute 16 percent of the incremental 
borrowings during the year.  
With the introduction of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) in December 2021, the Corporation 
is required to maintain liquidity in High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA). The Corporations 
HQLA is largely Government Securities. The Government Securities holding as at March 31, 
2023 is around Rs 63,000 crore. The average LCR for the last quarter was 128 percent 
significantly higher than the regulatory requirement. 
I will now move to the Profit and Loss Account. 
I will now move to the Statement of Profit and Loss Account.  
The year has seen a volatile interest rate environment and therefore some of the numbers of the 
current year are not strictly comparable with the previous year. 
There are three factors which have affected the profits of the current quarter. These are: 
The impact on Net Interest Income due to the transmission lag between increase in funding costs 
and increase in lending rates. 
Due to volatile equity markets we had a significantly lower gain on fair value of investments 
through the profit and loss account as compared to the previous year. Fair value gains for the 
current year was lower at Rs 362 crore and compared to Rs 938 crore in the previous year. 
Thirdly, the expense ratios are higher as we incurred expenses upfront on staffing, IT and 
branching to meet the increase in demand for housing loans as well as merger related costs.  
There was also an increase in legal expenses due to an increase in business as well as resolution 
of some stressed assets.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
Needless to add, whilst these expenses have been incurred upfront the benefit of the expenses 
incurred will accrue over the coming periods. 
Let me first of all speak of the issues which have had an impact on the NII. 
In the FY23 we have had rate actions which have had an immediate impact on borrowing costs, 
which in turn, have not been simultaneous with the transmission of rates on the asset side. This 
has had a short term impact on Net Interest Income. We however overcame this by passing on 
the rate hikes so as to maintain net interest margins and spreads.  
Secondly, during the financial year, RBI increased the repo rate six times in all aggregating to 
250 basis points.  
In the run up to the expectation of the rate hikes, market rates and swap rates increased and this 
had an immediate impact on our borrowing costs whilst our lending rates increased only after an 
increase in policy rates. 
Thus, whilst we had an almost immediate impact on borrowing costs, the lending portfolio 
repriced over a quarter.  
This transmission lag has had a slight short term impact on the NII growth.  
Lastly, the proportion of the retail loan book has increased to 83 percent over the last few 
quarters.  
Return on Equity on both the retail and the non-individual business is more or less the same. 
However, the spreads on the Non-Individual loans are higher due to higher capital allocation and 
higher credit costs.  
Net Interest Income (NII) purely on the basis of interest without taking cognisance of the profit 
on sale of loans during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 amounted to Rs 5,321 crores compared 
to Rs 4,601 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year - a growth of 16 percent. 
For the year ended March 31, 2023 the Net interest Income amounted to Rs 19,248 crores 
compared to Rs 17,119 crores in the previous year. 
If we adjust for the one time impact of the transmission lag in passing on the rate hikes to the 
customers as well as the impact of the swap benefits in the previous year, the NII growth for the 
year would have been 17 percent.  
It is important to note that credit costs are lower as a result of improved asset quality consequent 
to a larger proportion of individual loans. 
We have always targeted a NIM of between 3.3 and 3.5 percent. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
The Net Interest Margin for the year ended March 31, 2023 stood at 3.6 percent. This is an 
improvement over the year and reflects on our ability to manage the transmission lag risk. NIM 
for Q4 was 3.7 percent 
The spread on loans over the cost of borrowings for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 2.29 
percent. The spread on the individual loan book was 1.92 percent and on the non-individual book 
was 3.62 percent. 
Income earned from Deployment of surplus funds in Cash Management Schemes of Mutual 
Funds and Government Securities was much lower at Rs 245 crores as compared to Rs 561 
crores in the previous year.   
This was due to average level invested this year in liquid funds at Rs 4,553 crores as compared 
to Rs 11,843 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year.  
There was no profit on sale of investments during the fourth quarter in the current year as also in 
the fourth quarter of the previous year. 
 For the full year there was a profit of Rs 184 crores on sale of investments compared to Rs 263 
crores in the previous  year.  
 Dividend received during the quarter was Rs 207 crores compared to Rs 128 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year.  
During the  year, we earned Rs 2,735 crores by way of dividend income as compared to Rs 1,511 
crores in the previous year. 
Dividend during the year was received predominantly from our group companies.  
During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, for investments classified as Fair Value Through Profit 
and Loss Account (FVTPL), there is a gain of Rs 273 crore as against Rs 267 crore in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
 Similarly, for the full year, the Net Gain on Fair Value Changes stood at Rs 362 crore which is 
significantly lower when compared to Rs 938 crore in the corresponding period of the previous 
year owing to volatility in equity markets.  
Under Indian Accounting Standards, the stock options granted to employees are measured at the 
fair value of the options on the date of grant.  
This fair value is accounted for as employee compensation cost over the vesting period of the 
options. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
Accordingly, Employee Benefit Expenses for the year includes an amount of Rs 205 crores 
compared to Rs 390 crores during the previous year. 
For the year ending March 31, 2023, the cost income ratio stood at 9.2 percent.  
For the quarter ended March 31, 2023 the standalone profit before tax was Rs 5,398 crores 
(compared to Rs 4,622 crores in the 4th quarter of the previous year) a growth of 17 percent.  
Tax provision for the third quarter amounted to Rs 973 crores compared to Rs 922 crores in the 
4th quarter of the previous year.  
The standalone profit after tax for the 4th quarter stood at Rs 4,426 crores, compared to Rs 3,700 
crores in the 4th quarter of the previous year, resulting in a growth of 20 percent.  
For the year ended March 31, 2023 the standalone profit before tax was Rs 20,014 crores 
compared to Rs 17,246 crores in the previous year a growth of 16 percent.  
Tax provision during the year ended March stood at Rs 3,775 crores compared to Rs 3,504 crores 
in the previous year.  
The standalone profit after tax for the year stood at Rs 16,239 crores compared to Rs 13,742 
crores in the previous year - a growth of 18 percent.  
Pre Tax return on average assets for the year was 3.0 percent. The post tax return on average 
assets was 2.5 percent. 
The basic and diluted EPS on a face value of Rs 2 per share was Rs 89.2 and Rs 88.5 respectively. 
The consolidated profit before tax for the year stood at Rs 32,131 crores as compared to Rs 
28,252  crores in the previous year.  
After providing Rs 4,431 crores for tax the consolidated profit after tax for the year stood at Rs 
27,700 crores as compared to Rs 24,042 crores - a growth of 15 percent.  
The profit attributable to the Corporation was Rs 26,161 crores as compared to Rs 22,595 crores 
in the previous year - a growth of 16 percent.  
The Board of Directors after assessing the capital buffers and liquidity levels have declared an 
interim dividend of Rs 44 per equity share of face value Rs 2 each as compared to Rs 30 per 
share in the previous year. 
The dividend payout ratio is 49.7 percent. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
The record date for determining the shareholders entitled to receive the interim dividend for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2023, is  May 16, 2023.  
As at March 31, 2023 the Corporation had 4,017 employees.  
 Total assets per employee stood at Rs 175 crores.  
Net profit per employee was Rs 4.0 crores.  
Let me spend a few minutes to give you an update on the merger.  
 As you are aware on April 4, 2022, the Board of Directors of HDFC Limited and HDFC Bank 
Limited approved a composite scheme of amalgamation of HDFC with HDFC Bank, subject to 
requisite approvals from various regulatory and statutory authorities, respective shareholders 
and creditors.  
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the subsidiaries / associates of the Corporation would 
become subsidiaries / associates of HDFC Bank.  
HDFC Bank will then be 100 percent owned by public shareholders and existing shareholders of 
HDFC will own 41 percent of HDFC Bank. 
The final hearing of NCLT was held on February 27, 2023 approving the scheme of 
amalgamation. 
You may also be aware that clarifications on requested dispensations have been provided by RBI. 
We are in the process of obtaining all the residual approvals for the respective regulators in 
respect of the subsidiary and associate companies. 
We expect the effective date of the merger to be around July 2023 based on the current progress.  
HDFC’s distribution network spans 737 outlets which include 214 offices of HDFC’s wholly 
owned distribution company, HDFC Sales Private Limited. HDFC covers additional locations 
through its outreach programmes.  
We continue to engage with all our stakeholders on ESG. 
In accordance with the SEBI requirements, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 
for the year will be uploaded on our website shortly. 
For further information on ESG related queries, you may engage with our Investor Relations 
team Anjalee and Conrad. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
The Corporation’s Corporate Social Responsibility activities focused primarily on Healthcare, 
Education, Persons with Disabilities and Environmental Sustainability.  
CSR activities were conducted either directly or through the H T Parekh Foundation. The CSR 
spend during the year was Rs 214 crores. 
The above were some of the highlights of the results for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
We may now proceed to Q&A. I would request you to kindly introduce yourself and be brief 
with your questions and I and my colleagues who are sitting here will try to respond to your 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Yes, my first question is on the warrants which are expiring on 10th of August. What happens 
to that if suppose the merger happens in July? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, the warrants by which the warrant holder would have got HDFC Limited shares will now 
get HDFC Bank shares in the same proportion as the merger share exchange ratio which is 1.68.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
So, that's clear.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
Let me complete that. In other words, if you were entitled to, let's say, 100 shares of HDFC, 
instead of getting 100 shares of HDFC, you will now get 168 shares of the Bank.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Now, on the LCR thing, you know, so you are saying our LCR is 128%, and your government 
securities holding is 63,000 crores. In other words, 63,000 crores divided by the net cash outflow 
is equal to 128%. Is that the way we should look at it? I mean, I am just wanting to understand 
what is the excess cushion that you hold? Because once you go into the bank, you need to have 
an LCR of 100%. So, will I calculate that excess 28% as the excess SLR? If I do that, it comes 
out to be 15,000 crores.  
V.S. Rangan: 
So, Suresh, that amount actually keeps fluctuating because it all depends on the next 30 days 
outflows. So, as I mentioned to you last time also, depending upon how the liability profile is 
actually shaping up, the next 30 days outflows will keep fluctuating.  
 
So, as you are talking, today based on that, and also the way the LCR is computed for NBFCs 
and the banks are different, because the run rate for some of the liabilities are different for the 
bank and different for the NBFC.  
 
So, if you consider all that, if you were to apply this 128 roughly, this is just a rough number, 
this 128 will probably convert back into something like 70 odd percent of the bank, 70%, 75% 
LCR for the bank in a banking model actually.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
So, the corporation doesn't carry any excess liquidity, right? Because on the contrary, then the 
banks will have to scale it up on day one as per the RBI requirement. 
V.S. Rangan: 
No. But there are two parts. One is that you are talking about SLR, CRR. You are talking about 
LCR.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Yes. I mean, look, the point is if you guys don't carry any excess liquidity, because this goes to 
75%, that means there is no excess government securities which is sitting on the HDFC Limited 
balance sheet which will be counted. I mean, what we are arguing here is that there is no cushion 
being provided by HDFC Limited whatsoever to the bank on the effective date of merger. 
V.S. Rangan: 
But as I mentioned to you,  this figure is not going to be constant till the date of merger. Because 
as the liabilities are getting replaced with longer term liabilities, the LCR will automatically go 
up, and it will move higher  in the banking system also.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
I am sorry. I am just going to push myself for another two quick couple of questions because 
this is important for everyone. Can you tell me based on your AUM pattern, how much 
proportion of term loans, deposits, and bond market borrowings will mature in the next 12 
months? 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, roughly about, if you take, this is a rough number. Every month, the monthly maturities -- 
the scheduled maturities of all the various borrowings are somewhere in the range of Rs 10,000 
crores to Rs 15,000 crores. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Per month. Fine. So, that's the schedule maturity. And my final question is the future for HDFC 
Credila.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, we will engage with RBI to sort of try and see whether we can get this onboarding of new 
customers resolved. Once we have some clarity, we will certainly come back to you, but we have 
already announced that we are willing to look at reducing our stake in the company from 100% 
to 10%, and a variety of people are calling and making bids. So, we are still collating all that.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
You can do this before July or you can, I mean, it is flexible? I mean, it can be done… 
Keki M. Mistry: 
To my mind, it can be done in the next couple of months because the number of bids are, we 
have received a lot of bids. So, hopefully by the end of June, we will be able to arrive at some 
finality on how to close this theoretically, assuming that there is no extension from RBI in terms 
of onboarding new customers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mahruk Adajania from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
What would have been the growth liability mobilization during the fourth quarter? 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
V.S. Rangan: 
Fourth quarter, okay, I will just give you.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
I think while Rangan is looking for the numbers, can you come to your second question? 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Yes. My second question is then what would be the contractual maturity of these liabilities, 
right? Because the swap does not… 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Yes. So, when you see the current exchange filings we have been doing, you would have seen 
like a lot of incremental borrowings that we have been doing in recent times have all been long-
term liabilities. We raised 10-year bonds a month ago. We raised 10-year bonds recently. So, we 
are elongating, increasing the tenure of our liabilities.  
 
Also, if you look at the deposits and I mentioned this in the call, that we are reducing the level 
of corporate deposits and increasing the level of individual deposits because individual deposits 
typically have a longer term. Rangan will answer your question. 
V.S. Rangan: 
The last quarter gross mobilization, this is a gross number- now the net gross mobilization of 
liabilities across all products is Rs 85,000 crores. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
And the total maturity of the book will be what now? The contractual maturity? I know that the 
newer borrowings are at a higher maturity, but any ballpark number? 
V.S. Rangan: 
I mentioned it in the last response, this is ranging from about Rs 10,000 crore to Rs 15,000 crore 
every month. More on the Rs 10,000 crores side. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
So, that's the repayment in terms of years the… 
V.S. Rangan: 
Scheduled maturities. Scheduled maturities of repayments. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, you know, when a scheduled maturity, for example, you take a deposit, a significant portion, 
more than two-thirds, probably much more than that, 70% plus of our deposits tend to get 
renewed on maturity. But when you look at this number, when you ask what is the scheduled 
maturity, it will be included as part of scheduled maturity even though the amount will get 
renewed. So, while 10,000 crores might be the scheduled maturity, in reality, these numbers turn 
out to be lower depending on the quantum of deposits that are maturing in a month. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
And in terms of classification of infra bond or classification of long-term bonds as infra, that 
should be easy to combine, though I do know that it requires RBI approval. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Well, this is something we will seek clarity from RBI and come back to you.  
Mahruk Adajania: 
I just have one final question. So, it happens in many quarters, but just trying to understand the 
logic behind it. So, how does the direct, the income from assignment move because sometimes 
it looks too high?  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, what happens is at the beginning of the year, it is based on certain estimates, estimates as 
regards to expenses by the end of the year and end of estimates of pre-payments, by the end of 
the year, you have the exact number, and therefore there would be some adjustment that would 
happen in the last quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mansi Sajeja from SBI Funds 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mansi Sajeja: 
Sir, the liabilities that you have raised in last year is amounting to Rs 78,000 crore, and in this 
current financial year, we have seen another couple of bond issues. So, what is from that is, you 
know, all mainly long term, but from an interest rate sensitivity perspective, you know, how are 
you managing the interest rate risk now that they are going to be transferred to a bank and for 
all the approvals, fundraising approvals that you have taken for the current financial year also, 
how would you do that? 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, on the interest rate sensitivity, I think we mentioned it the last time also, that if you look at 
the total liabilities, there are swaps which are done to manage the liabilities from converting 
from fixed to floating. They are roughly about Rs 2,20,000 odd crores, and over and above that, 
the other liability is like a bank borrowing and others, which is another about Rs 1 lakh crore 
that would be also the more or less linked to the market benchmark whether it is repo rate or 
whether it is linked to the T-Bills and all that.  
 
So, if you were to broadly look at the total liabilities of Rs 5.5 lakh crores, about Rs 2,20,000 
crore plus another about Rs 1,10,000 i.e. about 3,40,000 crores will be liabilities which are sort 
of linked to the external benchmarks or some sort of banking benchmarks.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, you would have seen in all these quarters that interest rates go up, interest rates go down. 
You generally see that our spreads remain within a very narrow band because of our ability to 
hedge these risks.  
Mansi Sajeja: 
So, just one last thing. In terms of various exemptions needed from various debt investors, you 
know, there is classification of bonds and housing finance, and there is classification of CP as a 
different category. Any representation again done from your side or it is depending upon each 
investor's classification?  
 
So, you know, you are classified as a Housing Finance Company, but then all these bonds will 
be grandfathered in a bank which may have a different kind of classification.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, obviously, we have represented to all the respective regulators, and we will obviously hear 
from them in due course, but my sense is grandfathering is something which we would logically 
think that they would be able to grant us. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Question is on your rundown of loans on the corporate side. Are we largely through or there is 
still some more to go before you get to merger for... 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I would say we are significantly done, very, very significantly done. There might be a little bit 
more left, but I don't think it will be much. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
And, sir, on your PSL compliant book, right, I just wanted to understand what could you quantify 
by March end where we stand today? What could be the PSL compliant book that would be on 
our balance sheet? 
V.S. Rangan: 
Rs 1,10,000 crores. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, roughly about 1,10,000 crores. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
And lastly, you did respond in terms of maturity per month, but if you could just broadly indicate 
some more color on especially the bank loans and bonds because deposits might, you know, you 
can renew that. Term loans and bonds, what kind of maturity increase that one would have seen 
because we have seen you issue many long-term bonds and probably would have done 
something similar on the bank loans as well? So, what kind of duration increase have you seen 
through the last six months or 12 months? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, you would have seen, Adarsh, that all the borrowings we have been doing through the bond 
market have all been long-term borrowings. We did a Rs 25,000 crore issue a couple of months 
ago of 10-year bond. Recently we did a bond issue, again 10-year bond. So, it's all largely long-
term bonds. And ever since this LCR requirement came in, we have been trying to raise more of 
long-term funding because short-term funding brings with it a certain element of cost because 
of the LCR requirements.  
V.S. Rangan: 
So, Adarsh, if you have to look at the current year borrowing whatever we have done on a gross 
basis, the NCDs have come for a close to almost 100 months, which is almost close to a 10-year 
type of a borrowing. The bank loans on average has been about 15 months, but what is happening 
is as the bank loans are maturing and all, we are also negotiating it for a longer period. So, by 
the time I think the merger happens, some of the borrowings would have been actually converted 
into longer term. And similarly, if you look at, we raised an ECB which is close to about 42, 43 
months, and then the deposits are close to about 3, 3.5 years. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Just on the bank loan part, given that it's been more like 15 months in the last 12 months, would 
the stock be also like a 15-month bank loan or the efforts would be to really because this probably 
is the largest refinancing pressure as you move into the bank, so the bank loan book, right, which 
is about Rs 1.5 lakh crores, that book, what on a stock basis would be the duration? 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, typically, if you have to take the total bank book, they will be of a, on a stock basis as they 
exist today on 31st March, they would be somewhere at about 10 to 11 months depending upon 
the quantum of the amount by various others, but what is happening is the maturities and also 
some of the loans we are already talking to the banks, so they will probably be getting moved to 
a three-year type of a duration as we get into in the next few days or in the next one month. So, 
to combine as we move the stock, the stock roughly about 60%, 70% of the stock will get moved 
to about a three-year period. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Got it. This has been helpful. 
Conrad D’Souza: 
Adarsh, just to clarify, Rs 1,50,000 crores that you mentioned as bank loans, out of that roughly 
Rs 1 lakh crores is bank loans. The balance -- that number of Rs 1,50,000 crores also includes 
other term loans, which is ECBs and NHB refinance, which is actually long term.  
V.S. Rangan: 
Bank loans are only about one lakh crores. 
Conrad D’Souza: 
Bank loans are only about one lakh crores.  
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
So, broadly, the way to understand is this lakh odd crores, which would have been on a stock 
basis today having a refinancing in the next 12 months, that's where the efforts will be to like 
renew it and have it for a longer tenure.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shalini Vasanta from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
This is Vivek Ramakrishnan. My question was on SLR. You will have to build the SLR book 
from what I understand at the time of the merger, and HDFC bank has excess SLR. So, I just 
wanted to know how much SLR you have at this point of time, and how much you need to build 
up by the time of the merger? That's my only question. 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, broadly, the SLR as Keki mentioned is about Rs 63,000 - Rs 64,000 crores, that is the G-
sec plus the cash which we have, and from a requirement perspective, on our balance sheet, it is 
about a lakh of crore. So, you know what is the excess at the bank level, and also you can 
compute the, because the bank’s  holding is higher because the LCR is about 110%, which 
automatically translates to a close to about 22%- 23% from an LCR perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Srikarthik Velamakanni from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Srikarthik Velamakanni: 
I just wanted to confirm the disclosure around LCR that you mentioned that the 127 under an 
HFC translates to a 75% under a bank. Is that the right interpretation? 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
V.S. Rangan: 
Yes. It works out around 75%, 80% in the bank format because the bank format is different. 
Srikarthik Velamakanni: 
And you also indicated some glide path as to how this happening 80% moves to 100 eventually. 
Could you please elaborate on that again, please?  
V.S. Rangan: 
See basically what is happening is some of the, as Keki mentioned, the corporate deposits which 
are there, the growth has been lower. So, we have been replacing some of these maturities into 
longer term. So, automatically that changes the color of the LCR.  
 
And secondly, some of the, you know, sort of deposits where the runoff is actually higher, we 
are trying to get consent from some of the higher value depositors to make it 31 day type of a 
notice type of a product where they can, they will actually give a 31 day notice prior to taking 
any premature withdrawals. So, that basically increases the LCR component. 
Srikarthik Velamakanni: 
And, sir, lastly, the interest rate swap book that you are currently carrying, could it be transferred 
into a bank as is? And what could be the implication from a regulatory perspective because of 
this particular portfolio? 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, our understanding is that we have, I mean, the entire swap book will go into the bank. There 
is no regulatory restrictions on that. From an accounting perspective also, it will remain pretty 
much the same. The same hedge accounting which we follow here will continue to be followed 
at the bank level also. So, there is no change as far as either the accounting is concerned or the 
regulatory position is concerned.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pooja Kabra from Sahasrar Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pooja Kabra: 
I just wanted to ask that what is your attrition rate in the management level and one step down 
level? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Zero. Management level zero.  
Pooja Kabra: 
And what is your ESOP working ratio? ESOP provision for that?  
Keki M. Mistry: 
Provision cost that we mentioned I think is some 200 crores or something for the year. I 
mentioned in the… 
Pooja Kabra: 
The next question is on digitalization improvement area. Do you have any…. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Digital improvement? 
Renu Sud Karnad: 
Yes, we are continuing to do what we are doing on digitalization, and as we move ahead and we 
got a new LOS and sales force package and we are trying to have the full journey different. So, 
you know, this is an ongoing process. It takes a few months or maybe a year or so, but as we go 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
ahead, things are getting added more and more. So, I think in another six months, the whole 
process most probably will be through. So, it's going on, and it's going on very well. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Just two things to add. One is that the employee benefit cost you wanted, we talked about the 
ESOP cost. It is Rs 205 crores for the whole year compared to Rs 390 crores in the previous 
year, and 94% of the new loans we have done have been digitally onboarded.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, I just wanted to confirm three numbers. One is for the NDTL calculation, the SLR number 
will be 4.7 lakh crores and for CRR 3.6 lakh crores. Is that assumption right? 
V.S. Rangan: 
You are talking from HDFC Limited's perspective, right? 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. 
V.S. Rangan: 
I will just come back to you on that.  
Saurabh Kumar: 
And also the adjusted net bank for PSL should be about 5 lakh odd crores based on the numbers 
you have given. I just wanted to confirm.  
V.S. Rangan: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B & K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So, just from this longer term borrowing that we are doing, so is it to do with maintenance of 
NSFR for banking for the HDFC Bank post-merger or is it, you know, it doesn't look like that it 
is for short-term liquidity.  
V.S. Rangan: 
So, it's not a short-term liquidity thing, but even if you look at the interest rate today, it is pretty 
flat whether you borrow one year or whether you borrow a 10 year. And the assets are 
particularly longer term, so you need to fund these assets with longer term liabilities. And as 
Keki mentioned that when you borrow short term, then it also hits into our LCR.  
Rakesh Kumar: 
And the total SLR, we gave the number of, can you repeat the number, sir, please? 
V.S. Rangan: 
Our SLR we said is about 64,000 crores. We are holding about 64,000 crores of government 
securities.  
Rakesh Kumar: 
So, even in the case of HDFC Bank, though it has excess security, the LCR is just around 10% 
more than what is the mandatory requirement. So, like how would it add up, like, you know, 
post-merger?  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
V.S. Rangan: 
So, basically, these two numbers are interdependent actually, the LCR and the SLR numbers. 
So, when you convert that 110% LCR into a SLR number, the SLR actually moves up from 15 
to, my guess, is about 22%, 23%. So, to that extent, from an SLR perspective, there will be a 
surplus which will be coming in there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Anand Dama: 
For this quarter we have seen deposit book actually running down quarter-on-quarter, is it more 
strategic or basically….. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, I mentioned that when I originally spoke, that we have not been encouraging or not been 
looking out too much for corporate deposits because generally, these tend to be of a shorter term, 
and as I have been saying repeatedly on the call, when we get short-term money, there is a higher 
cost because of the LCR requirement. So, we prefer to take the individual deposits which have 
a longer tenure, and the proportion of individual deposits as a percentage of the total deposit has 
gone up quite sharply during the year. Individual deposits has constituted about 16% of our 
incremental funding during the year. So, corporate deposits has gone down. Individual deposits 
has gone up quite sharply. The proportion of individual deposits to total deposits has also 
correspondingly increased.  
Anand Dama: 
And sir, what will be the average cost of this deposit book that we are carrying right now? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Yes. I am giving you a spread. The spread is 2.29%. Now deposits will, it varies from time to 
time depending upon how much deposits you are carrying. Broadly, the spread is the same in 
whichever segment you look at. 
Anand Dama: 
Sir, on the wholesale book that we carry on our book, so within which basically we have lot of 
these construction developers financing book. What's going to be the status of that once the 
merger happens? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Of course, it continues in the bank. Of course, it continues into the bank. And in fact, as we do 
more construction finance loans, see, let me explain this, I have explained this in the past several 
times, that when you do a corporate loan or you do a lease rental discounting loan, your entire 
loan gets disbursed in one go, but when you do a construction finance loan, the disbursement is 
linked to the stage of construction.  
 
So, the developer first puts in his equity, and then after that you start disbursing as he constructs. 
So, construction finance disbursements come over a longer time frame. So, there is a reasonably 
healthy pipeline in terms of construction finance proposals. It's just that as we have been saying 
quarter after quarter, it takes a while before these disbursements happen.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
So, there would be some fair amount of disbursements that have happened this quarter also, and 
there will be more as time goes by. And all these construction finance loans will move into the 
bank because these are bank compliant.  
Anand Dama: 
But what's basically the land funding book because HDFC Bank in the call said that there is a 
land funding book basically where they will need to seek the RBI permission? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Land funding book? 
Anand Dama: 
Yes. They said something about that. So, there I think they said that you will have to seek 
permission from the RBI to carry on to HDFC Bank's book. 
V.S. Rangan: 
No, some of the dispensation on the non-individual book, they have… 
Keki M. Mistry: 
So, those were, whatever is there is not material at all. You see whenever a merger happens, 
there is also a grandfathering of assets and liabilities which is sought. So, in the grandfathering, 
there would be a whole lot of items which should have been included which could have included 
some elements of what you are talking, but that quantum would be insignificant.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of M B Mahesh from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Just two questions from my side. One is, if you look at the disbursement number, there seems to 
be over a period of time a little bit of a slowdown in the last couple of quarters. If you could just 
kind of highlight how is the situation on the ground? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
The situation on the ground continues to be strong. I don't know whether you were there on the 
call right through or not, but I mentioned at the very beginning that March 2023 saw the highest 
amount of individual loan disbursements we have done in any month in HDFC's history. So, we 
said that the momentum we would expect would continue, and I would hope that the year ended 
March 2024 should see almost similar kind of a growth, almost.  
M. B. Mahesh: 
And so far you would say that the impact of interest rates has been extremely negligible on the 
ground.  
Keki M. Mistry: 
It is apparent no? If the disbursements are strong and March is the strongest one, it is apparent. 
See, you must understand that a housing loan is a long-term loan. It's not a one-year loan or a 
two-year loan. So, when you are taking a long-term loan on a floating rate basis, interest rates 
will go up, and interest rates will come down. But the reality of the matter is that when you are 
taking… all these loans are floating rate loans. So, if rates are high today, when they come down, 
we will get the benefit of lower rates. If they were low today, you will get the benefit of higher 
rates. So, it has more of a sentimental impact, if any, but not really an economic impact. On the 
other hand, shorter loans, shorter term loans probably would have a bigger impact, because it's 
unlikely that in the very short term, interest rates would come down.  

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
M. B. Mahesh: 
So, just to clarify here, is that number right that we have that the disbursements in the month in 
the fourth quarter would be about 52,500 crores? Is that number right? Because we don't get the 
absolute numbers. We just get the percentage.  
Conrad D’Souza: 
So, it's a little under Rs 50,000 crores. Yes, it's a little under Rs 50,000 crores. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
So, that would translate to about a 10% growth on a Y-o-Y basis on disbursements for the fourth 
quarter. Is that number…? 
Conrad D’Souza: 
See, you have to look at it for the whole year because we have each quarter has had its own 
challenges. But the fact is, you know, if you look as Keki mentioned, March, which was the last 
month of the year, was the highest ever. So, you know, now if you go back to October and 
November, there was a relative lower number because of the holiday season between Diwali and 
Dussehra and such and school holidays. So, I would really look at it over a longer period. And 
if you look at a longer period, I think the absolute disbursement growth between '23 and '22 has 
been 16%, which I think is very healthy given the interest rate movements that have taken place 
during the year. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
The second question is how have borrowers managed the increase in interest rates in the sense 
that is there an outside limit under which a loan tenure can be increased? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Of course, there is an outside limit. Every case is evaluated on a case-to-case basis. It is not that 
automatically when rates go up, the term goes up. In a normal case, the term does go up. 
However, the system is geared to identifying cases where there is some degree of concern. In 
those cases, the customer is explicitly contacted, and then either the term is lowered by him 
making a part prepayment or the installment amount is increased.  
M. B. Mahesh: 
Would you be able to quantify that as well or you think it's going to be difficult? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Quantify what?  
M. B. Mahesh: 
However, you addressed it, in the sense that how much of these loans may have seen tenure 
extensions versus EMI increases? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
In the normal course, if you understand the business, you will know that when rates go up, we 
increase the tenure of the loan. When rates come down, we will reduce the  tenure of the loan. 
Housing loans get prepaid. Roughly about 10%, 11% of the loans get prepared ahead of schedule 
every single year. This is a normal trend which happens. So, when you look at a three-year, five-
year period, it all sort of neutralizes.  
 
In the short term, you might find that the term has gone up compared to what the original term 
was, but it will not happen in a situation where the term goes up so much that it causes any kind 
of concern or discomfort. In such cases, the system identifies such individuals, and then on a 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
case-to-case basis, the individual is contacted, and either the installment is increased, or the part 
of the loan is the customer is requested to prepay part of the loan.  
 
So, it's worked several times over the years, and frankly, it had never resulted in any kind of 
impact on recovery. Historically, and this is probably the third or fourth time probably, that we 
have seen this thing happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Good afternoon. Sir, if you can share the indicative yield on your corporate, LRD and 
construction finance book for fourth quarter? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Look, I told you that the spread on non-individual loans is 3.62%. The spread on individual loans 
is 1.92%, and the overall spread that we earned was 2.29%.  
Jai Mundhra: 
And the cost of deposit or the cost of funds that you use, is that similar for both these segments 
or that can…? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Broadly, broadly, broadly similar. Broadly similar, but you can't pinpoint these things because 
you raise funds right through the quarter, and you are in the course of the quarter, interest rate 
volatility is always there. So, there may be times when they’re are 20 basis points higher, and 
there may be times when they’re are 20 basis points lower. So, what we have to do is we have 
to manage our spreads carefully, and that's what we have been doing all these years. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And during the call, I think it was mentioned that the absolute amount which would be reckoned 
for SLR and CRR calculation, if you have that number handy? I think it was told that previously.. 
Keki M. Mistry: 
No, I think we mentioned that the total amount of government securities we carry is Rs 64,000 
crores.  
Jai Mundhra: 
No, no, sir, I was asking for NDTL. NDTL, the total NDTL as of FY '23? 
Keki M. Mistry: 
I think Rangan will just give that. 
Conrad D’Souza: 
Jai, can you call separately? We can give you the numbers. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Mundhra, are you done for now? 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes. Thank you. Yes. Done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 

 
HDFC Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Keki M. Mistry: 
Well, I'd just like to thank everyone for all your help and support all these years, and if you have 
any further questions on the results or on the process of merger, then please get in touch with 
Conrad, Anjalee, Rangan, me, whoever you like. Thank you everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of HDFC Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
