 
No. 2019/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356 
 
 
 
February 13, 2023   
  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda 
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542830 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G, 
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet – Transcript of “Earning 
Conference Call on Financial Results for the quarter (Q3) and Nine-
month ended 31st December 2022” held on February 10, 2023. 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
  
Sir/Ma’am, 
  
In reference to our communication dated February 08, 2023, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of “Earning Conference Call on Financial 
Results for the quarter (Q3) and Nine-month ended 31st December 2022” 
held on February 10, 2023. 
  
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
   
Thanking you. 
  
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Indian Railway Catering and  
Tourism Corporation Limited 
  
 
  
(Suman Kalra) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F9199 
Encl: a/a 
 
SUMAN 
KALRA
Digitally signed by SUMAN KALRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8303, 
pseudonym=509d150bca62026fffdee
75afab37a17a5ece3abb1207faaeedbd
7b92127fffd, postalCode=110070, 
st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=4deeb12f23f611e01f72f
aebd9647ad036cef3343d11ad1af4409
df02068217c, cn=SUMAN KALRA 
Date: 2023.02.13 13:23:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Catering and Tourism 
CorporationQ3FY23 Earnings Conference” 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SMT. RAJNI HASIJA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND 
TOURISM CORPORATION 
MODERATOR: 
MR.RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
Page 1 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
IRCTChosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone.Kindly note the duration of the call is 45 minutes and this conference call is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you Yashashri. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we welcome you 
all to the Q3 FY23 Conference Call of IRCTC Limited. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management of IRCTC represented by Smt.Rajni Hasija 
ji who is Chairman and Managing Director of the company and now I would like to hand the 
conference over to the management to take the proceedings forward. Over to you please. 
Rajni Hasija: 
A very good afternoon to everyone. At the outset let me welcome you to this concall of IRCTC 
Limited for the quarter and 9 months which have ended in 31st December 2022. 
Let me wish you all a very good day and hope that you and your dear ones are in good health. 
Yesterday the company had announced unaudited financial results for the third quarter of 
financial year 23 and nothing has been disclosed on both the stock exchanges. I shall first give 
a brief overview over quarter Q3 of this year financial and business segments and performance 
post we shall have a question-and-answer session.  
 
Coming to the performance of this financial year and the Q3: 
The revenue for the quarter hit a new high and came at Rs. 918 Cr implying the growth of 
almost 70% on year-on-year basis and 14% on quarter over quarter basis. We shall provide 
more color on the same in a few months when we discuss the segmental performance. 
Importantly the revenue for Quarter 3 of this financial year continues to be higher than the pre 
COVID level certainly. All the business segment except tourisms for revenue higher than the 
pre COVID levels. However, in tourism also we have done a good job while the absolute 
EBITDA grew at 7% quarter over quarter and EBITDA margin came to at 35.5% versus 37.8 
in the second quarter of 2023. This is mostly due to the increase in the share of a catering 
business in the revenue from the operations which I shall be deliberating in the catering 
section. 
 
Page 2 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
As I have shared earlier with the headwinds of the pandemic behind and hopefully the travel 
and the hospitality industry is now looking forward for a much better financial year 23 and 
beyond. IRCTC in the business segment can also look up to further improve performance in 
the change in industry environment. Let me now move to the business segments of the 
company. First is the internet ticketing segment which continue to demonstrate resilience and 
revenue for the quarter was nearly 300 crores and largely unchanged quarter over quarter. 
Despite the decline in the 2S reserve ticket booking the year-over-year decline was just 3.8% 
on a year-over-year basis. The segment has shown its resilient yet again as regards the 
profitability is concerned with Quarter 3 results and EBIT margins now coming at 84.2% 
versus unchanged over quarter over quarter basis and 84.8% on year-over-year basis.  
 
If we discuss the catering segment after a slight quarter over quarter decline in the second 
quarter of this financial year we got back to the quarter over quarter growth and revenue from 
this segment has come to Rs. 394 crores lower implying the growth of 17.9% quarter over 
quarter though on year-on-year basis it grew at a rate of 2.8% and also the revenue for the 
catering segment is well ahead of a quarterly run rate in pre COVID. EBIT margins for the 
segment came to 10.7% versus 10.6% on quarter over quarter and 5.5% on year-over-year 
basis. Rail neer our package drinking water segment has seen the third quarter of this financial 
year revenue coming at Rs. 75.1 Cr which implies the growth of 4.3% on quarter over quarter 
basis and year over which is growth is nearly 50% that was the COVID impacted year.  
 
EBIT margins from this segment saw a good improvement this year to 11.8% versus 7.5% 
quarter over quarter basis and 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. Tourism segment in this quarter, 
Quarter 3 of this financial year the revenue share came to around Rs. 147.8 Cr which implies a 
growth of 49% on a quarter-over-quarter basis and strong growth of more than 100% on a 
year-over-year basis. Importantly the segment EBIT margins saw a sharp turnaround to greenat 
10.8% versus a loss of 5.5% on a quarter-over-quarter basis and 10.1 on a year-on-year basis 
that is after the pandemic. For Quarter 3 of this financial year the networth and the cash and 
bank balances of the company remains at 2,494 Cr and 2,133 Cr respectively at the end of this 
quarter. 
So that brings me to an end of my opening remarks, which I have given you a brief highlight of 
the financial figures. We can now move to the question-and-answer session please. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Deep Shah from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah: 
Ma’am wanted to understand a bit more on the catering segment what is making these margins 
remain flat despite having record numbers and how should we think about the margin 
trajectory or the pricing power that we have that would be my first question? 
 
Page 3 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
See in catering we have three segments. One is the mobile segment; another is the static 
another is the eCatering segment. In the mobile segment we carry two type of trains one is the 
RSD that is Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto, Vande Bharat, Gatimaan, etc., they fall in one 
category. These are the pre-paid trains and in this pre-paid trains our margins are very less we 
only hit a turnover lesser the profit margins that is why you will find and you might have 
noticed that lot many trains are being inaugurated in the pre-paid format now. So, you are 
getting more of a turnover, but less of the profit margins because entire revenue which is our 
margins are nearly only 10% indicating that gives a overall momentum brings the overall 
momentum to the catering business is nearly around 11% to 12% only if we had income from 
the other resources.  
Deep Shah: 
Ma’am as a follow up to this could you give some update on this new initiative in catering that 
we had launched about having third party providers deliver meals to the seeds I think that was 
with a much better margin maybe 12% directly to us without any OPEX could you give some 
update on that how has that been shaping up? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I would like to correct you that the margins in the catering segments are 15% not 12% and this 
business is growing at a rapid pace. In the third quarter as we have nearly achieve on an 
average of 40,000 meals a day as compared to our pre COVID level already we have surpassed 
all the pre COVID levels also, number of stations have gone up from 310 to 337, vendors have 
also gone up, aggregator have also been added, number of the food aggregators with the 
vendors have also gone up, we have also tied up with our B2C agents that is MMP, ixigo, 
Paytm, Goibibo, Railof, etc., all these have contributed very recently we have launched our 
first phase with the WhatsApp booking which is going to contribute further. As social media 
has become now a base very important base for rendering the online businesses. So, we have 
taken the lead and the first time we started working with the WhatsApp and broad in the 
catering segment so that our margin in this segment can improve.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
I have a question on the catering segment if I remember correctly in the last quarter our ESG 
and pantry car reach was roughly with 715 and 250 trains respectively and we had also 
highlighted that a tender person 200 trains was in pipeline, so what is the progress here in 
terms of tendering and any plans to expand pantry car as such and also as a follow up I think 
post the tariff hike which has happened in the catering segment the consumer had an 
opportunity to opt out of the need and there has been a considerable time since we have taken 
the price hike, so what kind of trend are we seeing over here the opt rate higher or lower? 
Rajni Hasija: 
First I will be answering your first question Jinesh that is how many if there is improvement in 
the number of our trains. Yes tendering process has gone further not only the new trains 
entrance which has been added recently in the Vande Bharat series we have been able to award 
 
Page 4 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
all the contracts, but in all the trains where the pantry cars are there all those train contracts 
have been awarded. Now we would be going ahead with the we have also gone ahead in the 
TSP direction also where the pantry cars are also not there in that segment we have already 
awarded nearly 752 tenders and out of that most of the trains have commissioned their 
business 84 LOA have been awarded but the commencement has to take place because they 
have to deposit the security etcetera. So, you can say total train segment in the train side 
vending would be 836 and trains with the 452 when last time in the last quarter the train 
number was 440 now this is 452. The trains with the pantry car and the trains where the pantry 
car is not there that is around 752 this makes a total number nearly 1,200 for this trains, any 
train which is offered to IRCTC is awarded immediately because every train is a revenue with 
or without pantry car then answer to your second question that opt out question that is your 
third quarter the second question was about the sales assessment. Sales assessment exercise has 
been completed, it is being consolidated because the impact is very varied in one zone, in one 
zone in the peak season no impact has been raised while in the other zone some impact has 
been seen. So, some consolidation and we are getting that audit done then we would be raising 
the invoice if required depending on the thing because peak period we have completed and 
now the non-peak period is also almost done in the various trains. So, we are consolidating and 
maybe in the last quarter when we are concluding our financial results we will be giving you 
the entire information then the opt out percentage. The opt out percentage varies from train to 
train. This opt out percentage earlier was 10 then it rose to 20 now in few trains it is 20 and 
few trains it is still less it all depends at service level when the service level in the train is good 
then the percentage becomes less, but when the people for more variety and the distances are 
long people may opt, but if the eCatering option and route is not available so our effort is to 
convert this opt out percentage to the eCatering that is what we are doing because WhatsApp is 
available that is why we have gone for the WhatsApp kind of a booking also so that we are in 
position to garner the loss revenue which has gone out of our hand because of the opting out.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
My second question is with respect to the privatization opportunity that call for running some 
150 trains on 100 routes which were identified, so is there any fresh update on that I thought of 
asking this question because currently a lot of Vande Bharat stock is being rolled out and just 
wanted to get a sense if this would lead to any further delay in that privatization plans? 
Rajni Hasija: 
The privatization was going to happen at the railways end. Railway at that time had decided 
then we had participated also, but we had almost won the tender, but the award was not 
concluding because the participation was low after that there was no bid floating or no tender 
document has been floated so I may not be in position to comment upon that in case railways 
decide to float the tender IRCTC is in readiness and our analysis may have to be updated a bit 
in the current scenario because many new trains are coming up, but catering for those trains is 
coming to IRCTC. So, we are gaining from those trains also.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
One last book keeping question what was the convenience revenue and number of ticket 
booked for the quarter? 
 
Page 5 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
The number of ticket booked is surprisingly we were earlier anticipating that with the go away 
with the 2S category our overall booking will go down, but it is nearly the same. Our average 
booking in the year 2021 was 11.45 lakh ticket a day. Now the average booking of the last 
three quarter has been 11.89 tickets a day it is nearly same. Though in the first quarter it was 
little more than the second quarter it went down, third quarter it went down. So, some impact 
of the second days has been three and our convenience fees has contributed nearly 67% of the 
revenue in the internet ticketing segment and non-convenience fee resources have contributed 
to 33%. If you ask me the quarter the total revenue of the 9 months in the internet ticketing 
from convenience fee it was 604 crores and from non-convenience fee it has been 307 Cr 
putting together the total revenue from this segment has been 911 and the profitability margins 
in the internet ticket segment has contributed at the same rate higher credit margin has been 
seen in this and I think your next last question was can you please repeat.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
The number of tickets booked you gave us the average number for the first 9 months, but if 
you can just give me absolute quantum for this quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Q3 segment is 11.3 lakh tickets a day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Shivam Kumar an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shivam Kumar: 
My question is regarding tourism sector that its margin is around 9% where do you see the 
future margin? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes you might have noticed that IRCTC has launched a Bharat Gaurav series so in that series 
we have already taken 8 rakes, 2 rakes we had already with us so that gives us a total inventory 
of 10 rack. These are the theme-based rack which are going to be designed especially because 
earlier when we used to launch route at times we had difficulty in getting the rolling stock. So, 
now we are in readiness and we have a tourism rolling stock which is customized to the tourist 
needs. So, each rack can run has a minimum it can run up to 240 days maximum it can go up 
to 300 days also in a year. So, if you normally when we were doing Bharat Darshan and other 
trains put together we were not running more than 150 trains in a year. With these rakes we 
would be running more than 300 trains in a year rather more we would be running more, many 
new circuit we are going to launch we have already experimented few and you will find new 
circuits in the pipeline. So, that is going to give you additional revenue of nearly 200 Cr if 
everything goes right in the tourism sector and nothing adverse happens because hospitality is 
very sensitive factor and tourism is the worst affected anything goes wrong your booking goes 
down if everything goes right then tourism has a bright future not only the total revenue in this 
segment is going to rise, but the margins are also going to improve.  
Shivam Kumar: 
My second question is regarding Rail Neer any planof increasing the price of bottle when it 
was last revise also? 
 
Page 6 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have found some increase in the production cost of the Rail Neer because of the increase 
on the pet cost that is perform cost has gone up. So, we are examining this, we are not yet sure 
how it is going to take forward, we are trying to make up with the increased volume, our 
Godhawal is ready anytime it can be commission, Simhadri is also ready anytime it can be 
commissioned, final bottle, all licensing, petty licensing work is pending, we have thought of 
launching both of them in the month of a January, but somehow some licensing work is still 
pending. So, we would be doing they are trying to complete within this month or by March we 
would be launching both so we would be gaining by increasing the production, but the increase 
in the pricing is we are working on, we are still examining we will let you know very soon. 
Shivam Kumar: 
And my last question is regarding the overall margin where do you see stabilizing in FY24 as 
it is consequently declining in last 7 quarters? 
Rajni Hasija: 
In one quarter we are contributing nearly if you see the past quarter the total revenue and each 
quarter is giving nearly 850 in the first quarter of this financial year we had the revenue from 
the operation, revenue from all resources have been nearly 852, in the second quarter it was 
805, in the third quarter it is 948 of course this includes the technician, this includes the 
interest part of it also. So, the next quarter is also going to be the same because a number of 
our trains is going to increase only, but our business profile is going to change because our 
contribution from the catering segment in the revenue portion is going to be higher than the 
internet ticketing. If you ask me percentage contribution the percentage contribution of the 
catering is going to increase and going to be nearly the pre-COVID levels at that time the 
catering was contributing nearly 45% of the revenue and that revenue has a low EBIT margin 
as compared to internet ticketing. So, overall, we may not be impacted when things are very 
good and very rosy, but our revenue pattern will change, our profitability pattern will change, 
but overall, it looks good so far. 
Shivam Kumar: 
Pre COVID margin was 37%, but it has come down now as 35% also? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Because catering business and the internet ticketing business cannot be compared that 
expenditure, the internet ticketing has less of expenditure and catering has little more 
expenditure, you have to do monitoring, you have to provide all the kind of services, 
manpower cost is also involved so margin in that segment is nearly 12% only and there it was 
82%. If revenue in that segment will rise so certainly the overall impact will not be there, but 
the margin will be partially affected, but overall gain in the quantum will be there that is what I 
said.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dhawal Doshi from IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhawal Doshi: 
So, I just have one question on depreciation if you look at it on a QoQ perspective it has 
reduced significantly I just wanted to understand the reason behind this? 
 
Page 7 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
This was because we have done some provisioning we had to do provisioning on advice of our 
auditors and accounting team except provisioning for the depreciation had to be done. 
Dhawal Doshi: 
And this provisioning was with respect to? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Some excess provisioning was done in the previous quarter that had to be reversed in the third 
quarter so that is why it has changed, both quarter will be okay.  
Dhawal Doshi: 
In the notes in the financials, you have mentioned this is an increase in catering tariff for the 
post and prepaid trains, so if you could just give us some colour as to when do we expect this 
to be received and what are the quantum of this? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Sales assessment is an exercise which has been completed, we are concluding the result. So, 
maybe in the next quarter you will get all the results. It is a very big exercise we have to do 
every train wise and all the meals. Most of the trains we have completed and we are going to 
publish the result soon and the impact on the revenue also and the license fees.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
My question pertains to other tourism business, can you share where this growth has largely 
come from, is it a tour package side where we have seen it and do we expect this similar 
momentum in Q4 and more so in the holiday season in Q1? 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is going to be more Rahul because one is the pandemic impact is over. Secondly we have 
taken up each of the train which is again going to contribute in the next financial year because 
most of the trains will be put into operation either in the March end or the first week of April 
or the second week of April. So, next year is going to be very good for tourism. We got the 
increase in the revenue in this quarter this has been because went up many tourist trains we 
ran, we also ran the state teertha train and we did well in the air packages also and even in the 
luxury segment also we have done very well. So, Bharat Gaurav is a new fleet that we are 
adding to and that fleet we have taken 10 rakes earlier we were running only 100 to 150 trains 
in a year now we would be running nearly 300 trains. So, you can see the impact that our 
revenue in this segment is going to achieve a different height.  
Rahul Jain: 
And you said 300 train now versus what was the previous number? 
Rajni Hasija: 
150 only we are going to double our train March tourism is going to double.  
Rahul Jain: 
And for Tejas if you could share the operating matrix in terms of the revenues and profit of this 
Tejas during the quarter? 
 
Page 8 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
Tejas has done very well in this quarter because the festival season was also there and continue 
to do well. The overall revenue from the Tejas in this financial year that is total of three 
quarters comes out to be 115 Cr and expenses have been nearly 98.61. So, the overall 
contribution of the Tejas is nearly 17.06 Cr to the income.  
Rahul Jain: 
And on the Rail Neer side can you share the number of bottle produced during this quarter and 
previous quarter and what we could do here to drive the business given that at the time of IPO 
we said we are just doing 40%, 45% of the total demand and now we have the capacity, but 
yes the growth has happened, but where it could go once we improve the distribution of the 
current output that we have across regions? 
Rajni Hasija: 
The Rail Neer production all plant utilization was running fine that is much better than just 
after pandemic. In fact, if you see the capacity utilization of all the plant the average is nearly 
75% and in spite of the fact that December and January we have less of a demand. Now in 
Januarywe are running the plant at a capacity of nearly 70% which used to be now 30% we are 
storing the water to meet the requirement of summer monsoon because store the water up to 6 
months, all water will go by March. If you ask me the total production that we have done it 
will take nearly 24 Cr bottles we have produced so far in this financial year. So, we have done 
well in the Rail Neer segment because of the increase in the production cost, because of the 
perform rates the margins have reduced, have been affected adversely in the Rail Neer 
segment, but we are still examining it now they have reduced in this quarter. Now the perform 
prices have reduced in this quarter. So, we will see the impact and margin in segment will also 
improve. The new plants are ready Rahul ji, the plants will be ready, two of them will be 
commissioned within this financial year. We are waiting for one more license for both of them. 
So, once they are ready we are going to commission that.  
Rahul Jain: 
And lastly on the ticketing business if you give more input in terms of UPI makes right now 
and AC non AC mix and any further breakup from the non-convenience part of the business? 
Rajni Hasija: 
See in internet ticketing the average booking has been nearly 11.89 tickets a day and our 
revenue in this segment is 600 crores this is more or less same, but the pattern in all the pre 
quarters has been nearly same that is 200 Cr on the internet ticketing. In spite of the fact that 
the 2S is not there it has been the same and the revenue from the non-convenience revenues 
forces has increased a bit whatever we have lost in the second year that is being compensated 
by the non-convenience fee resources. As I mentioned in my earlier concall that we are going 
to increase that revenue to the maximum to the extent possible. In the next two years we will 
have to bring this percentage which is now 33% of the total internet ticketing revenue to nearly 
50% because 82% of the ticketing you have already got it and some increase you can anticipate 
of course because internet circulation is still happening in the country. So, we need to focus 
our resources on the non-convenience fee that is one part of it then how many transactions are 
happening, what is the share of the UPI it is nearly 32% UPI happening 32% and second 
booking is nearly the same in last 5 months that is neighboring between 12% to 13% and your 
 
Page 9 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
sleeper class is contributing the maximum. As of now it is nearly I think 44% followed by third 
AC which is 26.8% and nearly 13% is your Second S and second AC is 6% like that the rest all 
is very meager and the train which we are operating is nearly 3,500 where we are providing the 
bouquet.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rohit Bahirwani from Vijit Global 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rohit Bahirwani: 
My question is we had applied for a license of payment aggregator with RBI payment what is 
the status on that? 
Rajni Hasija: 
That is still being done we have received some observations. So, we will let you know soon 
about this, but our revenue from the payment gateway as a PG it has gone up and if you see 
that let me give you the exact figure total revenue from the iPay has been the net revenue to 
IRCTC earnings has been nearly I think 11.5 Cr in the last 3 months and our total revenue 
which is contributing to the revenue also of the company has also gone up by good number of 
margins, but till the time we were planning to go for an aggregator, we had applied, we have 
received certain observations maybe we may have to do some changes in the company itself to 
get that license as our entire business will be impacted.  
Rohit Bahirwani: 
So any dates on that by when we can expect that will be completed? 
Rajni Hasija: 
We do not know we are applying to the third agency and people take one year to get it. So, we 
have just started in fact after we got the changes. We have received certain observations and 
we may have to do certain changes. However, in the first quarter iPay contributed 16 Cr in the 
first quarter, second quarter 15, in the third quarter it was nearly 20 Cr. So, total contribution to 
the revenue has been nearly 51 Cr. So, by the end of this year it may be nearly 80 and the net 
profitability margin will be 12 Cr. In fact, we satisfied with the PG revenue till the time we get 
the license.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take a question from the line of Pugazh Manoharan an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pugazh Manoharan: 
In the social media and in all the TV right what we are hearing is the people are moving out 
left and right I just want to check on other things that we have flight I see like all the flights are 
booked and the rates are huge, so how are we doing in flight ticket booking and also over this 
madam how much revenue that we would contribute to our ticket with respect to this and 
flights? 
Rajni Hasija: 
So far put together in all the three quarters we have done booking of 100 Cr and segments that 
we have booked is nearly I think 14 lakhs or so. So, booking have gone up we have achieved 
the pre COVID levels and the corporate ticketing also we have done well. If you ask me the 
 
Page 10 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
net margins left with IRCTC it is nearly I think 14 Cr the margins left with IRCTC. Although 
we have also increased our fees in this segment, we have now achieved a level, but the pricing 
is very high and let us see for the good, but our booking in this segment is now on the 
incremental side. 
Pugazh Manoharan: 
how are faring with respect to competition say for example we are just throwing a name 
redBus in case of bus booking or each matrix in case of flight right how competitive we are, 
are we like the lease pricing or we are at par with them like how are we placed there madam in 
terms of competition? 
Rajni Hasija: 
That will not be an appropriate comparison I must say because they are not into the rail based 
tourism they are only in train booking. We do mass tourism also. If you ask me the OTA work, 
OTA has four types of work one is the rail booking, another is the air booking then is the bus 
booking and then is the other cab, etc., booking and fifth is the tour packages. So, as far as the 
tour segments are concerned we are there in all the segments, bus inventory is not my own 
inventory. If you ask MakeMyTrip they own redBus, if you take confirm tickets they have 
their own fleet of buses, what we do we have tied up in the case of a bus booking we have tied 
up with the various state government, we have tied with the AbhiBus, we have tie up with the 
redBus also, we are getting inventory through them only, but we have done well in the bus and 
nearly our debt margin without much effort and providing that last mile connectivity has been 
1.1 Cr we have earn and total revenue that we contributed was nearly I think 4.26 Cr from 
October in the last quarter. So, comparing myself with the MMT and that segment the kind of 
promotion they do if I start spending that much expenditure I may also get it, but if my balance 
sheet is not right I will not come into another.  
Pugazh Manoharan: 
Is it like anything that we can evaluate this through a market share pay total bookings on the 
flights or whatever winning streak thatwe have is that like our market share is increasing that 
way you can think that is also long assumption or long comparison? 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is very different. I must say apples cannot be compared with oranges we are going in a 
wrong direction. Every OTA has its own strength like MMT has a strength in the air while the 
other Yatra has a strength in the hotel. So, I have a strength in mass tourism so where I have a 
strength where I am more functionally capable so we have started focusing in that in the mass 
tourism and we are bringing more and more trains and we are trying to get nearly 250 Cr as a 
revenue from that segment from the train movement. Air booking is the kind of we are OTA 
we provide we need to grow I do not disagree with that, but at the same time we have to see 
that all assets are looked into. So far we have a tie up we are also going to revise our tenders 
and issuance and see what best we can do in this direction, but focusing only on the bus and air 
may not be appropriate because we are a mass tourism leader we have to see the masses first.  
 
Page 11 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Pugazh Manoharan: 
And the last question is on catering we said actually before we are speaking to one of the food 
aggregators like we have a own food aggregators things that we are planning is that anything 
finalized or any updates madam? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes we are still working on that we have started tying up with many of the B2C partners 
gradually we are opening one by one and our need is increasing we are increasing the number 
of stations, the number of booking and impact is also seen we have recently opened a booking 
along with the WhatsApp that is only as of now one way communication within 15 days the 
two way communication is also going to happen. So, we are taking all steps so that our 
booking in this form gets increased.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our last question from the line of Shivam Kumar an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Kumar: 
Ma’am my question is regarding the last quarter occupancy of IRCTC tour packages? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Last quarter occupancy of tour packages it has been good that is why the revenue has been 
good.  
Shivam Kumar: 
How much occupancy suppose we have to package for 100 people? 
Rajni Hasija: 
We make a tour package of not more than 40 otherwise the rates of the air will increase. So, 
generally we are able to sell all the inventory and our rail tour package, for example, from 
Mumbai is doing excellent, Vaishno Devi package is also doing excellent, few packages do 
very good, few packages where we do not get good response we do not lose anything in that. 
At times we are not able to sell all the inventory. There are days when the days are bad and the 
market is not conducive we are not able to sell the entire inventory, but we do not lose in the 
rail tour packages. If the money get evolved in the circuit we release the bus three days ahead 
so that the bus are released to the common public.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. I will now hand over the call to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, ma’am.  
Rajni Hasija: 
Thank you very much all the investors. You might have noticed that we have also declared our 
interim dividend, which is so far the highest interim dividend. Interim dividend declared by 
IRCTC that is Rs. 3.5 per share and it is nearly 175% of the share capital hope that will bestow 
your confidence in IRCTC. The company has just come out of the COVID things in the 
tourisms are getting improved, our business lines are showing certain modulations so is our 
earning pattern but let me assure you on behalf of this company that company continues to be a 
very good option to invest with and the returns on this company are improving and we are 
going to contribute, we are looking forward for a better Q4 and the entire financial year ahead. 
 
Page 12 of 13 

 
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
February 10, 2023 
 
Wishing you all the best and requesting all of you to bestow your confidence in IRCTC as you 
have been doing in the past. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Page 13 of 13 
