 
 
CO:BS-IRD:2022-23:361             
                                             23rd January, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (LODR)  
         Regulations, 2015 -Transcript of Bank's conference call with the Analysts 
********************* 
We submit herewith transcript of conference call held with the Analysts on                      
18th January 2023 on unaudited standalone and consolidated Financial Results of the Bank 
for the third quarter & nine months ended 31st December, 2022. 
 
The same is also being made available in the Bank’s website under the following web link:  
https://centralbankofindia.co.in/sites/default/files/Final%20Transcript.pdf 
 
This information is furnished in terms of Regulation 46(2)(oa) and Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III, Part A, Para A, 15(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
 
 
 
 
BRIJ KISHOR PATWARI 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER / SR. MANAGER 
       
      Encl:- A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        चंदर मुखी,नरीमन पॉइंट,मुंबई-400 021                   दूरभाष: 2202 6438,66387777         फैक्स: (91-22) 2204 4336 
        Chander Mukhi, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021     Tel. : 2202 6438, 6638 7777           Fax : (91-22) 2204 4336 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
    
Plot No.C/1, ‘G’ Block 
 
 
   
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
 
 
   
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip code – CENTRALBK 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code – 532885 
 
www.centralbankofindia.co.in 
BRIJ KISHOR 
PATWARI
Digitally signed by 
BRIJ KISHOR PATWARI 
Date: 2023.01.23 
16:37:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Central Bank of India 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M.V. RAO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. VIVEK WAHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CENTRAL 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. RAJEEV PURI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. M V MURALI KRISHNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. MUKUL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CENTRAL 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Central Bank of India Q3 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock broking limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju 
Barnawal from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Thanks, Lizann. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking, I welcome 
you all to the Central Bank of India's Third Quarter FY '23 Earnings Call. I thank the 
management team of Central Bank of India for providing us this opportunity to host the call. 
From the senior management side of the Central Bank of India, we have with us;                   
Mr. M.V. Rao, sir, MD and CEO; Mr. Vivek Wahi, Executive Director; Mr. M V Murali 
Krishna, Executive Director and Mr. Mukul Dandige, Chief Financial Officer. So now without 
any further delay, I'll hand over the call to Rao sir, for his opening remarks, post which we can 
open the floor for a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Rao, sir. 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, thank you. Very good afternoon to all of you. And first of all, let me thank each one of 
you for giving your time and I am very happy to share the highlights.  I feel that by this time, 
you must have gone through the presentation, which we have uploaded on the website. And 
key highlights this I would like to share with you, the total business now stands at                
INR 5.53 lakh crores that is 6.54% higher than the previous December '21 quarter. 
Gross advances, it stands at INR 2.08 lakh crores that is Y-o-Y growth is 14.73% and within 
this advances, let me share with you the RAM and corporate book, which is balanced, now it is 
at 66% RAM portfolio with 34% of corporate credit portfolio. 
Credit risk weight of the asset portfolio is 63.29%. Coming to the deposit side, total deposits 
now stands at INR 3.44 lakh crores that is 2.12% higher than the previous December '21 
quarter and CASA stands at 51.22%.  You may be having certain doubts on the deposit front, 
where our growth on the time deposits that is a little bit in a minus 1%, 1.2% because we don't 
had any requirements of the deposits as our CD ratio now inched up to 60%. So we had a 
lendable resource of INR 35,000 crores. That's why we have not ventured to garner the high 
cost deposits. 
Coming to the CD ratio, now it is 60.77. In the profitability parameters, operating profit now is 
at INR 1,807, which is increased by 44.21% with the previous year. Coming to the interest 
income on advances. It is INR 3,937 crores. NII stands at INR 3,285, which is up by 19.93%. 
Our net profit that is this quarter, we have recorded INR 458 crores, that is 64.16% higher than 
the previous December quarter which was INR 279 crores. 
So overall for nine months net profit is now stands at INR 1,011 crores. If you see the previous 
entire year, financial year, net profit was INR 1,045 crores. So coming to the efficiency ratios. 
NIM stands at 3.77%. If I include the one-off item it stands at 4.07%. ROA is at 0.50, ROE at 
1.86 and slippage ratio 0.37% and credit cost 0.36. 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
If I include the proactive provisioning, that is the upfront provisioning of the requirements of 
the future quarters, is stands at 1.72. Cost- to-income ratio is 57.02. Coming to the asset 
quality, GNPA. Right now, it is at 8.85%. In the previous December, it was at 15.16%. And 
net NPA, now it stands at 2.09 compared with the previous December quarter of 4.39. Coming 
to the PCR, that is provision coverage ratio. Now it stands at 91.72%. This is the key 
highlights. And without losing much of the time, I would like to open the floor open so that we 
can have interaction whatever the clarifications you require that we can provide you. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Suraj Das from B&K Securities. 
Suraj Das: 
Hi sir thanks for giving me this opportunity Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, a 
couple of questions. First one is if you can explain the one-off item that is included in the 
NIMs? 
Management: 
 
This is interest received on the income tax refund, and it is at INR 242.37 crores. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. But for the last a few quarters, I mean, there has been this interest on income tax refund. 
So I think do you still consider it as a one-off? I mean, the reoccurring item going ahead as 
well? 
M.V. Rao: 
No, We will never take it as a recurring or reoccurring one. That's why we have given a 
separate illustration for that. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, second question on the staff cost side, I mean, there is a sharp increase of around INR 500 
crores staff cost. So -- I mean, what is the reason? I mean any sharp changes here on the staff 
cost side? 
M.V. Rao: 
Here, number one is around INR 98 crores we have provided for the wage revision, because in 
November, this settlement is due, and we have provided around INR 98 crores for that. And 
another INR 20 crores - INR 22 crores we have provided for the family pension liability. 
Remaining is only upfront. That means the liability that may come for the March for the 
pension liabilities, leave encashment and gratuity that we have in one way front-loading in 
December by equal proportion. 
Suraj Das: 
So sir, next quarter, I mean, you expect the staff cost to be at a similar level of INR 1,600 
crores or you expect it to go, I mean, a little bit down because you have taken something 
upfront? 
Management: 
See, it depends on the rate movement, suppose due to the rate movement our requirement for 
terminal dues comes down. So to that extent, the staff cost also would go down. 
M.V. Rao: 
But it will never be more than INR 100 crores variation won't be there. Not more than that. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, the third question is regarding the recent RBI guideline on this ECL transition. So sir, I 
mean, have you done any analysis on that and any impact that you can see anything on that? I 
mean what would the impact be for, let us say, Central Bank of India, given that I mean full 
transition from the current incurred loss approach versus the ECL approach? 
M.V. Rao: 
This one is just we're also evaluating because we are also calculating what will be the impact 
on our capital. Still we have not arrived any final numbers. It will be very premature on our 
part to say anything on that. But definitely, we are not much concerned on that front. We were 
initial numbers that are there on my table. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, the third question is that on the restructured book, sir, if you can just highlight how much 
of the INR 7,200 crores restructured book would be still under moratorium and how much has 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
already resumed billing? And also what is the GNPA percentage in the overall restructured 
book? 
Management: 
The moratorium except around INR 2,000 crores, others have already started repayment and 
the restructured out of the December stock of INR 7,200 crores, regular SMA is 68%, the 
slippage ratio for the nine months is 16%, which include with corporate group account, if you 
remove that only it is 6.5% of other accounts. Slippage is only 6.5% out of the restructured 
book for the entire nine months.  
So, I don't think that has to be for the current quarter also. So it will be within the range only 
and except that corporate group of funds -- the corporate fund, no other corporate accounts will 
for the nine months. 
Suraj Das: 
Sir, just to reconfirm the number, so out of the INR 7,000 crores, INR 3,000 crores has already 
resumed billing, INR 200 crores resumed billing in December. 
M.V. Rao: 
INR 5,000 crores already started, INR 2,000 crores is having still some moratorium. 
Suraj Das: 
 
Okay. 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes. Interest payment started. Principal repayment moratorium is there in INR 2,000 crores. 
Suraj Das: 
And sir, last question, sir, on the security receipt side, so how much provision you would have 
on the securities receipts? Is it fully provided 100% or how it is? 
M.V. Rao: 
 
100% we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
My sincere compliments to Rao sahab, all the EDs and the entire top management team of the 
Central Bank of India; quarter after a quarter now, you are improving your results and showing 
very good performance and the bank has again come back into reckoning, achieving now some 
of the past glories. So compliments to you, sir. 
M.V. Rao: 
 
Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I have a couple of some observations and questions and I hope I will not be disrupted by the 
moderator when I ask some three, four questions and some observations. One is, sir, we would 
like to know the roadmap for the digital journey, sir, for the bank, because we understand you 
have allotted a very good project for it and you are going to make  many digital banks within 
the bank. So, can you a little bit highlight on that, sir? This is my first question, sir, or rather 
some information? 
M.V. Rao: 
Okay. So as far as roadmaps for the digital journey is concerned, see, you all know that all the 
public sector banks are having the CBS, which is as old as two decades. Now there is a need a 
necessity for us to have agile infrastructure so that any product or any offering that has to be 
made to the market, time has to be reduced. 
For that, we have to have some tweaking in the and making some changes in CBS is not 
advisable because of the size of balance sheet and the way transactions that happens. For that, 
what we thought is to create a bank within the bank.  
The bank which is going to be created will be a digi bank. For that, we have started project for 
which separate building is hired almost 65 IT new personal were also recruited, and we have 
also on boarded one of the good consultants for our onward journey that already started. 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
And this new CENT NEO that is a digital bank within the bank will be catering to the 
requirements of the digital native and also the customers who are on the traditional CBS 
channels who are mature enough to carry out their transactions only on the digital channels. 
And both the CENT NEO that is a digi bank and the traditional CBS we'll have the coexisting 
layer so that there won't be any disruption as far as the transactions are concerned for the 
customers of both the entities within the bank. That is the concept on which we are moving. 
Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And sir, what is the time spend, I mean you anticipate for at least going full-fledged digital on 
this? I mean some timeframe? 
M.V. Rao: 
It is in favor. And first, reaping of certain benefits will start from the 16th month. And then it 
will gradually evolve and what we are eyeing is 24 to 28 months for the maturities. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, my second question is, sir, you are doing very well on the recovery front. Now sir, going 
forward in this January, March quarter is going to be very happening quarter from the recovery 
point of view and some of the accounts getting settled. So can you give some color on that, 
that how much is NARCL, the account and the amount which is going to go that will reduce 
our gross NPA. And also on the overall picture or some color on the share. I think that you 
have got some mistake in that also. So can you just please explain something on this recovery 
front in the coming quarters? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes. See, the recovery front, whatever the amount we have on the net NPA, which is around 
INR 4,061 crores. So whatever the resolutions that will be happening on the gross NPA side, 
will be adding to my bottom line. And coming to the accounts which are in the gross NPA, 
which is you know it to be settled I don't think we have any brighter view on the NARCL 
accounts which are going to be settled within this 2.5 months. 
But certain good auctions that are happening at our front just a few days back also, we could 
be able to auction one property for INR 137 crores. So like that, we are getting certain good 
recoveries in the accounts are already provided. Our guidance on net NPA is it will be in 
between 1 point around 1.75. Now it is 2.09, it will come down around 1.75 that is the 
guidance we are giving. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, 0.3%, 0.4% reduction further in this coming quarter. Sir, something on the credit growth, 
you have done well in this quarter actually as compared to the previous quarter. So going 
forward also, we are going to see in this January- March quarter also around 4.5% to 5%? I 
think INR 9,000 crores was in this quarter if you net out, net-to-net, so is it going to be the 
same trend or it is going to improve further from here or might slip from here, I mean the 
credit growth? 
M.V. Rao: 
Credit growth, we will maintain a similar trend. We are not going to be much more aggressive, 
not much more decline. It will be a very balanced growth we would like to show. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And the ratio between corporate and this thing will remain at 35, 65 or 34, 66 whatever is 
there? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, 65, 35, what the previous quarter we told plus or minus 5, but still we are at 66, 34 right 
now. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I believe, sir, our CD ratio, you said, is 60.77%, so there is a lot of scope there. But looking at 
the capital adequacy, how do you spend it out? I mean, like you have extra SLR that money 
you are going to take it? Or how are you going to meet this credit growth... 
M.V. Rao: 
See, as far as credit growth is concerned, I'm comfortably placed as my lendable resources we 
have around INR 35,000 crores there is no issue for me as far as the credit growth. Coming to 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
the CRAR, that is the capital adequacy is concerned, yes, now with this quarterly result, the 
Board has already approved to raise the INR 1,500 crores of TIER II bonds and we will be 
approaching the market maybe within a span of 1 to 1.5 months. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
But not looking at reducing the equity of the government. I mean... 
M.V. Rao: 
 
That is not at all in our control or in our domain to comment. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And last thing is, sir, on the treasury front. Sir, this quarter, our treasury income was INR 97 
crores as against INR 199 crores of the in the last quarter. So how do we I mean, calculate the 
next quarter coming in with maybe another 25 basis point might increase by RBI. So looking 
at that, we are comfortable on treasury income and profit. And even that mark-to-market as 
some amount has been there has been some loss on the revaluation of the investment of INR 
33 crores. So how is this coming quarter, January, March quarter, do we see this treasury 
spanning out? 
Management: 
See, Mr. Ashok, actually, if you consider our net M2M in our treasury products, our treasury 
portfolio, total investment portfolio, we have no M2M provisions this quarter. And going 
forward, we are expecting max 25 basis point increase. And we are fully view to that by way 
of our hedging and various hedging products. My modified duration is very low. It is just 
above 1 for SLRAFS. 
So, we don't see any reason because our view is that interest rates, there will not be in this 
quarter, at least, there will be max 125 basis point interest rates So we'll not visualize whatever 
duration is just above 1. And by PV01 is also very low, it is around 2. So we do not foresee 
any M2M provision, significant at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrey Hemant Gandhi from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Yes good evening sir so my question basically is on the loan growth front. Like in the loan 
growth of the bank was quite robust at around 6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. While the 
deposit growth continued to have a lag. So what's your strategy on the deposit mobilization 
side? That will be my first question. So if you can answer, please? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes. See, that's what in the initial opening remarks, I made it. We are not aggressive in 
garnering the high-cost deposits because we have enough lendable resources at our disposal. 
That's why we are not that much aggressive on the deposit. Having said that, now this quarter, 
we will be focusing on deposit mobilization also. For the special products, we have already 
released in the market and a good traction is coming. 
Another point, what we would like to highlight is my 65% of the branches are in rural and 
semi-urban areas. So these are all the feeding lines for me, for CASA having the 51%. So 
there, I do not have much competition as far as the deposit mobilization is concerned. Since as 
for the market trend, we do not want to lose out on the further accretion. That's why we have 
improved rate in certain time buckets of the term deposits. 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, one more question from my side. Like what would be your outlook on the margins 
as we are here to the high level of 3.8% so is it sustainable or how we have an outlook for 
going ahead for the margins? 
M.V. Rao: 
See, in previous quarter, we have given the floor level of 2.75. And this time, having witnessed 
increase in the rates, whether it is the REPO or MCLR, we will be giving the floor level of 
3.25 for the March quarter. And it will be above that only. What I mean to say is the floor that 
is 3.25. 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, with all the growth enablers in place, which have been taken by the current management 
team in the last 12 to 18 months, and you have initiated digital transformation journey to. So if 
I look at the 12 to 24 month or an outlook beyond that, a Central Bank with direction which 
you have given of 65, 35, so MSME, RAM, what would be your outlook on retail businesses? 
And I would like to know what is the unutilized credit limits today? Or what is the sanction 
pipeline? 
M.V. Rao: 
Sir, here, let me put it in different buckets. As far as the corporate is concerned, we would like 
to maintain that 65, 35. So in that range, because having eye on my CRWA that is the credit 
risk-weighted assets, that is right now at 63.29. On the corporate side, I have unutilized lines 
around INR 2,500 crores and further sanctions around INR 4,000 crores, it is the pipeline. But 
all these things we have evaluated in terms of what the repayments will be receiving in this 
quarter. 
So as far as the calculation, the way we have done earlier and we have succeeded in achieving 
our estimate in a similar way we are doing for this quarter, and we are confident to maintain 
the similar thing in the corporate book. Coming to the RAM segment, that retail is almost 
growing at the rate of 21%. So that will continue to be there because one more driving force 
that is the co-lending, which is also doing well right at this moment. The original forecast, 
what we have given for March is INR 5,000 crores that we will be achieving. Now right now, 
we are at INR 4,100 crores outstanding is there. So these are all the growth areas and are 
growth drivers as far as the retail is concerned. So any further clarification, you are welcome. 
Sushil Choksey: 
 
Sir, what is the indicator CD ratio you're assuming from March '23? 
M.V. Rao: 
 
We will be around 64 or 65. 
Sushil Choksey: 
That answers my question. Second thing sir, co-lending, we have been a market leader with the 
number at 4,000 already achieved and many more partnership may be emerging. With the 
digital initiatives you have taken can this become a bigger growth engine for the bank along 
with the retail section where housing loans and maybe some other loans are doing well? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, exactly. See, for this quarter, whatever the guidance we have given, we'll be achieving, 
but going forward, this will be one more driver for growth, this co-lending partnerships and 
collaborations, what we are undertaking. That will be a major growth driver. 
Sushil Choksey: 
So when you transform into the digital banking, these partners will be part of that journey, 
that's what you mean? 
M.V. Rao: 
 
Exactly. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, what is the digital spend you would be doing for this year and next years? 
M.V. Rao: 
See, our total outlay for our digital bank is around INR 1,500 crores. That will be spread out by 
approx. 3.5 years to that is around 36 months to 40 months. So the total budget we have. 
Sushil Choksey: 
 
This is inclusive of the consultant and the rollout and everything... 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, all, infra, people, all the things, whatever the fintech wears who will be onboarding for 
this all those things. 
Sushil Choksey: 
We are seeing our CASA, we have one of the more stable numbers if I take next last five 
years. And this is not coming from urban or metros as many other banks would have. What 
kind of initiatives are we tapping for those customers to increase our fee income or product 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
marketing or maybe reach out to those customers with many more enablers Central Bank has a 
larger part? 
M.V. Rao: 
See, as far as rural and semi-urban, it is not that now these customers, you cannot take them 
granted. And whatever the products that are to be offered, whether on this ancillary services, 
maybe on the insurance front or in the stocks are in mutual funds, all those things we are 
making available to them for the investment. 
Sushil Choksey: 
So are you envisaging our fee income would be a much larger pie in coming years from where 
we stand today? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, definitely. That has to move up because that is another area where we will be focusing 
from '23, '24 FY onwards. 
Sushil Choksey: 
 
The fee income can take care of the digital spend, you think, sir? 
M.V. Rao: 
See, in digital front, upfront, you cannot see that's a breakeven that will be happening in '23, 
'24 or '24, '25 as if you see the profit center per se itself, it is having a wide contribution for the 
business growth. Where it cannot be singled out for to bring the breakeven further infra cost 
we are spending for the digital. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, my last question to Mr. Wahi. He has emerged as a winner treasury book is concerned 
over a period when the turmoil and the money market has enlarged. And despite our CD ratio 
at 60 today, the investment book has not given shock. So how time might be emerging where 
he may be a machine in the balance sheet of Central Bank is concerned. So can I have his 
outlook for 12 to 24 months? 
Vivek Wahi: 
Yes. Thank you, Sushilji. Actually, see, as you are aware that CPI has come below six. Though 
CPI has come below six, but core inflation is a sticky one, and it is again hovering above six. 
So in our in-out view is that there will be at least 1 rate hike in ensuing policy. And thereafter, 
there can be a pause for a couple of monthly policy. So thereafter, a fresh look will be taken 
only after the actual inflation numbers because this time, the CPI has come down basically 
only because of vegetable prices. So we feel that there won't be much of the rate high. And 
going forward till March '24, there is no sign of actually rates of interest coming down. So till 
then, we are immune to the rate hikes.  
And further, it's the right time to, in fact, build some duration so that whenever the reversal 
happens, we are also able to en-cash the bond value. So with these views only, we are moving 
and as you know, that rightfully, at present the AFS portfolio, SLR, AFS portfolio is very lean. 
So we would like to build up in coming months. 
And irrespective of even a couple of rate hikes because ultimately, from March '24 onwards, it 
is very much expected that a reversal should happen. So this is the view, that's all. We will 
work on that. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, one is on our cost-to-income ratio, though improved from 61.02 to 57.02, but still it is on 
the higher side, that's what I feel, as compared to some of the other banks. So your comments, 
number one, on that? And secondly, on the slippage front, we are controlling it very well. Even 
in this quarter also there was a lot of improvement. But going forward in this coming quarter, I 
would like to know from recovery and increase - how are we placed when half of this month, 
has already gone and 2.5 months are left? Is there any kind of signals, we are getting or we will 
be improved further on the slippages as well as on the recovery? 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes. As far as the recovery part is concerned, this if you see the SMA slide that will give a 
clear indication because in our slide, we have given both above INR 5 crores and below INR 5 
crores that is the entire portfolio we have given for the better clarity. So if you see that the 6.66 
is the total SMA portfolio, where-in SMA2 is only 1.65. And going with the previous quarter, 
the way we have controlled the slippages, this time also, though our guidance, earlier was 
around 0.80, now we are at 0.36. So our end over will always be below 0.5. 
So that may not give any shocks to us because we know the now accounts we know each as far 
as the INR 5 crores and above, which is very, very less INR 879 crores, where SMA2 is INR 
125 crores. So it's all very negligible numbers that will be able to control the slippages. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
And this cost to income and sir, connected with this ROA.? 
M.V. Rao: 
Yes, cost to income, I already explained in my opening remarks, that  whatever, the amount 
that is enhanced for the that is you are seeing, is it because of the evening out the requirements 
of the March quarter for this December itself, we have accounted for whatever the requirement 
that may come for the March. If you see March to March, then it will give a very fair idea 
about the cost-to-income ratio. Otherwise, the numbers what you have for December is added 
up figures for the upfront requirements, we have taken care in December. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So the other colleague also had asked this is said question that like in that case, do we expect 
the reduction, I mean, as compared to this quarter in the next quarter on the cost side, when 
you say that INR 400 crores, INR 500 crores out of the INR 120 crores you explained, but 
another INR 350 crores or INR 80 crores, you said you are up fronted from March. So I think 
the March quarter should be better from the cost-to-income point of view also and overall 
operating cost point of view also, sir? 
Vivek Wahi: 
Ajmeraji, there will be two components. One, you see, my operating profit is consistently 
showing a growth. So next quarter also, we expect that our interest income should go up 
substantially. So that will help me reduce my cost-to-income ratio. Secondly, on an estimate 
basis, we have taken what would have been the provision up to March '23 required for terminal 
dues and we have tried to take a major portion of this. Now in March, the rates also go down 
slightly in that case, my requirement here will go down.  
Third was the INR 90 crores the provision for the wage revision that we have done. So that 
will continue at, say INR 30 crores per quarter - we'll have per month, we'll have to do. So next 
quarter also, this around INR 130 - 135 crores, this out go will be there. But the cost-to-income 
ratio will definitely come down. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Any guidance on the ROA for the whole year now, March '23? 
M.V. Rao: 
 
Yes, already we have achieved the guidance what we have given... 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
0.50, yes. 
M.V. Rao: 
So now you take it as a floor only, whatever that happens upside that we will come back in 
April for the March number. Yes, some urgent call is coming. Just I will be excusing myself 
from here. Our Executive Directors and CFO will be attending to the queries of the other 
participants. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, my last question, if any of the EDs or CFO can answer. Our government holding at the 
current level of in '90s, some of the other peer banks are talking of dilution led by SEBI or 
government directive, I'm not too sure. Is there any news from our side? 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Vivek Wahi: 
Mr. Sushil actually, this dilution of government share is not in our hands. It is not in our 
purview also and it will not be a right place to comment on that. That is purely GOI call. But 
going forward, we will be definitely raising some capital in this quarter, maybe Tier 2 capital 
that is envisaged. But otherwise dilution, we are not able to comment at this platform. 
Sushil Choksey: 
No, Tier 2, Tier 1 I understand. I was just asking equity because Bank of Maharashta and Bank 
of India getting to dilution? 
Vivek Wahi: 
Tier 2, definitely, we'll be trying in this quarter. We are already had some initial interaction 
with our players. And we will be continuously engaging with them for this, and we may come 
up with some Tier 2 bond issue in the early part of February. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Raju Barnawal for his closing comments. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Thank you, sir, for giving the opportunity and thank you participants, or joining us. And would 
you like to say something in your closing comments? 
Vivek Wahi: 
I thank to all the analysts present here for sparing their valuable time. My sincere thanks to 
them and we look forward for their continuous interest, in our bank and the numbers. We 
assure you that the performance will even be much better in the coming quarters also. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock broking, that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you.  
