 
 
 
5paisa Capital Limited  
Corporate Identification Number: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
Registered Address: IIFL House, Sun Infotech Park, Road no. 16V, Plot no. B-23, MIDC, Thane Industrial Area, Wagle Estate, 
Thane, Maharashtra – 400604. • E-mail: csteam@5paisa.com • Website: www.5paisa.com 
May 08, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/22722037/  
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051. 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 26598237 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:- Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023: 
 
In continuation of our letter dated April 28, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of Earnings Call held on 
Tuesday, May 02, 2023 for discussing financial and operational performance of the Company for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2023 has been made available on the website of the Company at; 
 
https://storage.googleapis.com/5paisa-prod-storage/files/investor_relations/2023-
05/Transcript%20-%20Final%20-%205paisa%20Capital%20-
%20Q4FY23%20Earnings%20Conference%20Call.pdf  
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
______________________ 
Namita Godbole 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.:A21056 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
Namita 
Amod 
Godbole
Digitally signed by 
Namita Amod 
Godbole 
Date: 2023.05.08 
19:36:03 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
1            
 
 
 
 
5paisa Capital Limited  
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time : 02/05/2023, 1400 hours. 
Event Duration 
: 34 mins 04 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Prakarsh Gagdani 
CEO and Whole-Time Director 
 
Mr. Gourav Munjal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Rishikesh Oza 
 
 
:  
Robo Capital 
2. Kajal G 
 
 
 
: 
ICICI Securities 
3. Deepak Sonawane  
 
:  
Haitong Securities 
4. Prayesh Jain 
 
 
: 
Motilal Oswal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
2            
 
 
Moderator  
 
Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. I'm Pelsia, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to 5paisa Capital Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
today Mr. Prakarsh Gagdani, Whole-Time Director and CEO, 5paisa Capital Limited; and 
Mr. Gourav Munjal, CFO, 5paisa Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participants will be in 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an Operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touch-tone telephone. Please 
note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to the 
management. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Very good afternoon, everyone. Myself Prakarsh Gagdani, Director and CEO of 5paisa 
Capital, me along with my colleague Gourav Munjal, who is our CFO, welcome you all for 
the fourth quarter and the annual conference call FY23. Since FY23, has been a year of 
consolidation for capital markets, broad market remained range bound throughout the 
year with NIFTY practically giving no returns. We've seen the result of the same was very 
clearly demonstrated in the retail participation. ADTO on the cash segment, which is the 
main indicator of the retail participation reduced by almost 26%, if you compare March 22 
versus March 23, even the new Demat Accounts growth in the industry slowed down. 
 
Previous year, which is in FY22, the industry grew by 81% and added almost 45 million 
Demat Accounts in a year. But last year, which is FY23, the industry just grew by 22% 
and added approximately 25 million Demat Accounts, which is less than half of what we 
acquired previous year. But despite these tough conditions, we've managed to 
successfully transform our organization with a vision of providing one of the best trading 
platforms to our customers. We change our strategy in Q3 FY21-22 of not just acquiring 
customers in terms of numbers and be in rat race, but to acquire a high intent trading 
customer. In last one year, this has helped us to reduce not just our CAC, but also our 
payback time from 8 to 10 months to 6 to 7 months now. 
 
We kept technology and product on the forefront. We invested in building our digital team. 
We increased our manpower in our digital team from almost 208 people to 255 people. 
This very team helped us revamp our Android application. Today our Android app has 
more than 15 million downloads, 4.81 lakh reviews, with an improved rating of 4.31+. We 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
3            
 
 
launched our dedicated terminal, we call it FnO 360 for traders. Today, that has become 
a go-to platform for high frequency derivative traders who are looking for tools, data and 
strategies for derivatives trading. Our efforts on product strengthening helped us to 
improve our ADTO by 146%, if we compare last year March to this year March. Not just 
that, we've also improved our market share a bit from 3% to 3.1% despite 45% less 
customer acquisition. 
 
Talking about our financial performance. Despite the challenges we faced in the year, 
with respect to subdued market participation, particularly no returns in equity investment 
et cetera, but we've managed to increase our revenue, despite all the problems, we've 
managed to increase our revenues by 14% from INR 298 crores to INR 339 crores. 
Despite our investment in infrastructure scale up, manpower increase in digital team, our 
costs have more or less remained the same with just 1% increase. It has helped us to 
improve our profitability by 216%. I'm delighted to report highest ever PAT of INR 43.6 
crore for 5paisa Capital.  
 
We've not just increased our profits, but also expanded our PAT margins from 5% to 13%. 
It is also important to note that we have started to get the operating leverage because of 
scale of our business. We have explained in our presentation that we are broadly able to 
recover the cost which is both the marketing costs and servicing costs in the first year 
with some marginal profit, but a substantial increase in the profit margin comes from 
second year onwards in the same customer cohort. It is also clear that we are enjoying 
50-percent-plus EBITDA margin from customers who complete three years in our system. 
 
Lastly, talking about our online retail trading acquisition of IIFL Securities, which we 
announced in Q3 of FY23. The appointment date of acquisition is 1st April 2023. We are 
currently in the process of seeking regulatory approvals and I'm hopeful to complete this 
acquisition, subject to the approvals, in this financial year. With that, I end my opening 
remarks, and I open the floor for question-and-answer. If any one of you have any 
questions, please go ahead and ask. Operator, over to you. 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
4            
 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait 
for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do 
so by pressing * and 1 again. The first question comes from Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Yes. Hi. Congrats on a good set of numbers. A few questions from my side. Firstly, a 
clarification. You mentioned the EBITDA margin is 65% in the third year or over a period 
of 3 years? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Overall. So, if you look at the chart, we are seeing that broadly someone who has 
completed three years, if you look at calendar year 20 is approximately 48% overall with 
second year onwards is 68-percent-plus, 60-68%. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay, got that. Could you break down the INR 111 crores of allied broking income for me 
into various major heads? 
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
Okay. So, in allied broking, major part is our MTF income; our MTF income stands at 
approximately INR 60 crore, INR 10 crore to INR 11 crore is from DP charges and INR 
10 crore to INR 11 crore is from AMC and rest is transaction charges. So, this is a 
bifurcation of INR 110 crores. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
5            
 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay, that’s helpful. So, how would you rate the impact of, in case there is a complete 
transition to ASBA and also the upstreaming of funds, how do you see the impact of both 
these measures to your business? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
So, the first is, ASBA is yet to get implemented, but yes, the ticket size, I think, because 
it’s a UPI based ASBA platform, is around 5 lakhs. So, it will impact the pay-ins of the 
smaller ticket size customers. Even today, normally pay-ins are done when customers 
are taking positions or buying delivery. So, in most of the case the money anyways goes 
to exchange as a part of our pay-ins. The float that brokers enjoy is basically when the 
customers sell their stock or clear their positions and keep a credit balance. 
 
Normally we have not seen people transferring funds and keeping it idle. So, ASBA will 
not have much impact on the contrary it will become very easy for customers to transact 
because the success ratio now on the UPI platform is very high. Talking about 
upstreaming. Yes, so right now, with the regulatory changes, it will increase our working 
capital requirements because with the very recent circular, the bank guarantees on the 
customer funds are not allowed. So, that will increase our requirement of working capital 
by approximately INR 100-125 crore. But right now, for our current requirement we are 
internally well-capitalized to handle that requirement. So, for now, that will not have much 
impact. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay. So, when you mentioned about the ASBA, that the money is generally lying when 
the individual sells the stock and money lies with you. But that will now have to be 
upstream, right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Yes, but upstreaming to clearing corporations are also allowed in the form of fixed 
deposits. So then, brokers will still continue to enjoy the interest on the fixed deposits. 
See anyways, a significant portion of the customer funds are parked with the exchange, 
almost to the tune of 85% to 90%, in the form of deposits. But that will continue, that 90% 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
6            
 
 
will practically become 100%, but it's not that the income is going away because 
exchange has even now allowed brokers to upstream the money in form of cash collateral 
and also in the form of fixed deposits. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
And when you say working capital requirement will go up possibly, what is the cost for 
that approximate? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
So, right now, as I said that there will be a marginal cost increase. Gourav will take this 
question. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
There is a INR 125-130 crore additional requirement. So, there could be an increase in 
net costing, but that will not be much. It can be INR 4 crore to INR 5 crore. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay. I think, working capital increase will be of INR 125 crores to INR 130 crores. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Yes. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay, got that. And with regards to this IIFL customer transition, obviously you would 
have looked at the kind of ticket sizes and what is the kind of nature of these customers, 
so in that sense, are they kind of relatively better than what customers or what experience 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
7            
 
 
you have with the existing customers base or would they be similar, how would you look 
at them more qualitative and quantitatively? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
See, broadly, with this transaction, we are getting approximately 15-lakh-plus customers 
as a part of the acquisition. Now, these are not like selectively chosen customers, they 
are a part of an online retail trading vertical of IIFL Securities. So, the nature of the 
customers, the behavior of the customers, the customer cohorts in terms of geography, 
age bracket, gender, more or less are same of what our customers are. But then the 
classification at their end is someone who has 10 lakhs and less margins. So, because 
there was a cap in this particular vertical, the behavior in terms of ARPU of the customers 
may not be same as of 5paisa, it will be a bit less. But, overall, the behavior pattern in 
terms of all the other parameters is more or less the same. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Got that. And so, from an outlook perspective, this is a last question from my side. There 
is so much talk about F&O activity of retail participants being on the higher side. So firstly, 
can you provide the breakup of revenue in the brokerage side, so how is from Future and 
Options and cash every time? That is one. And secondly, what are the measures that the 
Regulator can really implement if they want to kind of constrain this increase in activity? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Sure. So, broadly, if you look at our breakup in terms of brokerage in derivatives, close to 
75%, 80% is the revenue that, in today's market condition that we are getting from 
derivatives. So, it’s broadly skewed towards derivatives as of now. One of the reasons is, 
obviously, higher participation of retail in derivatives, but is also a very-very low 
participation in the cash segment. But yes, currently, it is in that range. Secondly, there 
have been talks in terms of the higher retail participation. But if you look at a number and 
this is my analysis of this entire thing.  
 
If you look at the real turnover, which is typically the premium into quantity, on the retail 
side of it is not more than -- the overall derivative turnover is not more than INR 50,000 
crores which is typically the same turnover that cash market segment is generating. So, 
the actual turnover in the retail which is Option trading turnover is equal to the cash market 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
8            
 
 
turnover. Having said that, yes, there has been an increase in the customers who are 
trading in Derivatives segment, but that is also because of the changes in the regulatory 
environment in last two-three years, a lot of people used to trade in the cash segment 
before 2021.  
 
That entire customer base which was trading in cash segment also shifted to derivatives 
because cash segment leverage went away. So, in cash segment, earlier the broker used 
to provide at least 10 times 12 times leverage, now that has gone. So, where do you get 
10 times, it's typically NIFTY because NIFTY margin is in the range of around 8% to 9%, 
so that's where you get leverage. So, those customers shifted to derivatives. Second, the 
overall Demat account number, actually from 3-3.5 crore, we’re at 11 crore Demat 
accounts.  
 
So, when you have more retail participation coming in overall capital market, the numbers 
will go up. Though, yes, there has been advisory, there have been reports and SEBI has 
also published a report in terms of how many people are making losses. But I think it's a 
general behavior. Today, the leverage has gone out of system. Brokers can't give 
leverage, customers have to come with complete cash, there is absolute transparency. 
So, I think a lot of measures are already taken. What more will be done, it's something 
that we all now have to see. But I don't see that this as such a dangerous trend as it is 
being perceived otherwise. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Thank you so much all. I will come back in the queue. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Deepak Sonawane from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
9            
 
 
Congrats for the good set of numbers. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Sir, my first question is on cost of acquisition. So, we have seen, I mean, QoQ and again 
for industry as well, quarterly average acquisition, I mean, client acquisition run rate is 
slowing down, right. But for us, if you see that, cost of acquisition has gone up, right, QoQ 
as well. I mean, that is mainly because of using other OpEx, right? So, what is the major 
item that is classified as other OpEx? I mean, we have reported around INR 296 per client 
as other OpEx for Q4 FY23. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
The OpEx means cost of the call center team, our sales team including their salaries and 
overheads , who assists customers in opening accounts. Now, that is a fixed cost of 
people, and that we cannot change immediately in a quarter. So, if there is some drop in 
the acquisition for a quarter, obviously, the fixed cost of employees, if you divide by the 
number of customers that increases. So, I think that's the impact on the acquisition, which 
I feel is just a temporary thing. 
 
Broadly in my previous calls also I have said that, we've been working on reducing our 
CAC and more or less that activity is over and then I somewhere see that our CAC will 
range between INR 500-600 depending on sometimes the market scenario in terms of 
acquisition, sometimes the composition of acquisitions that we're doing in terms of paid 
performance and also the organic growth and the referral. So, broadly, this will be the 
range, a little here and there, is only because of the fixed cost of employees and the other 
office expenses that we have. 
 
 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
10            
 
 
Okay. But on marketing side as well, we have seen some kind of uptick right on QoQ 
basis. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Yes. So, there will be a small INR 50-70 movement that will keep happening here. But 
broadly that trend will be in the same range. So, if you look at last six quarters’ 
performance, we were in the range of around INR 750-800, from that range we will be in 
the range of around INR 500-600. So, you should consider that as a broad range. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Okay. And my second question is on cash position on the balance sheet, has reduced 
drastically, right, YoY, I mean, from INR 89 crore to almost around INR 21 crore. And that 
against our borrowings, even, I mean, at the same pace they have gone down, right. So, 
any particular reason major reason for this? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Okay. So, the cash and cash equivalents, you should always see with the bank balances, 
because one is in the FD format, one is the liquid cash. So, if you combine together it has 
gone up, and cash and cash equivalent is just balance sheet figure that indicates how 
much cash we are keeping with the exchanges. Okay. Second question is related to the 
borrowing. Actually, the borrowing is majorly related to the MTF book. So, you can see 
our loans book, which is coming down from INR 250 crores to INR 172 crores, major 
impact we have seen in the month of March and hence the borrowing has been reduced. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator  
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
11            
 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Kajal G from ISec. Please go ahead. 
 
Kajal G  
 
Hello. Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Kajal G 
 
Sir, one was, can you just explain more on the slide number 12 where they have shared 
this first year, second year, third year? And second was on the increase in turnover, which 
we have seen sequentially, so is it led by increase in number of orders or ticket size per 
order, what will be the color on that? Yes, those were the two questions. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Kajal, I'm sorry, but I could not get your question very clearly. If you can repeat both your 
questions, I think, we can answer one by one. What was your first question? 
 
Kajal G  
 
First was I wanted to ask about the slide 12. So, I wanted to understand more on the slide 
12, what we are explaining out here. And second was whether the increase in turnover, 
essentially what we have seen, is led by rise in orders or rise in ticket size. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
So, I think the first question was related to the customer cohort that we have shown and 
the high LTV, right? That's the question? 
 
 
 
Kajal G 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
12            
 
 
Right. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Yes. So, what we're trying to show here is, that whenever we acquire customers, there's 
an acquisition cost and then there is a servicing cost, basis that what is the revenue that 
we or what is the profitability that we achieve in every year. So, if you look at calendar 
year 18, then that customer set has completed six years with us. Sorry, five years with us 
and this is the CY23 will be the sixth year. So, in 5 years, what is the margin that we are 
getting in subsequent years and how much are we earning from that customer on an 
overall basis in five years. 
 
So, if you look at the idea of sharing this was that broadly in the first year, barring last two 
years, because we were investing heavily in technology and infrastructure, you will see a 
first-year negative returns, in terms of losses. But broadly, we are seeing that in the first 
year, we recover the cost both in terms of acquisition and also servicing. And post that 
there is a high profit margin gain, and we are clear that if at the customers are there with 
us for three years, the margins will increase.  
 
Now, this also means that going ahead, because of the steady state of business, our 
overall margins of the business, which is PAT margin, stands at around 13% today, will 
continue to increase over a period of time. So, the whole idea of getting the operating 
leverage in a model where at some point your cost gets fixed, and then it's only 
incremental revenues which increases your profitability. The idea of this was to show that. 
Second point about the ADTO. The rise in ADTO is a combination of three things. One, it 
is increasing number of customers, which also translate to increasing number of orders 
and also the ticket size. So, it's a combination of both, that we are seeing an increase in 
the overall ADTO sequentially. 
 
Kajal G  
 
Thank you, sir.  
 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
13            
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is regarding the broking rates. 
So, how do you see the broking rates to evolve going ahead, given that the compliance 
costs will be increasing and the float income would be reducing? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
See, I've said this in the past also that the kind of regulatory changes which are coming, 
it is increasingly getting difficult to maintain margins in the business. As of now, till-date 
the changes which have been proposed is not having a significant impact on the cost and 
that's why brokers are able to provide a INR 20 per order. But, incrementally if there will 
be an impact on the incomes that we generate, for example, the Treasury income that we 
generate on a deposit, if there is an impact on that or if there is any other impact which 
leads to a reduction in the derivatives turnover or any other change brought in by a 
Regulator, then obviously with the cost of running business, as it is fixed, we will not be 
left with any choice but to increase brokerage rate. So, I think that, may not be next couple 
of quarters, but post that there may be a probability and there's a higher probability that 
the rates may go up. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Okay. And also, sir, what is your customer acquisition for FY24? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
We acquired close to 7.5 lakh customers in FY23. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
14            
 
 
And for FY24? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
You are asking for the projection this year? 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Yes. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
So, I won't be able to give you an exact number, but we will be in the same range of 7.5 
lakhs to 10 lakhs. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Okay. And also, one more question, sir. What is the other operating income of INR 18 
crores? 
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
So, this is again, the float income - treasury income. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Treasury income. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. 
 
 
 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
15            
 
 
Okay. And also, if you could provide any metrics on daily active users and monthly active 
users? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
I’m sorry we don't share that data. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Okay, no problem. Thank you very much, sir. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Thank you, Rishikesh. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 your 
telephone keypad. I repeat. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press 
* and 1 on your telephone keypad. We have a follow up question from Deepak Sonawane 
from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the follow up. So, I have only one question, especially on our LTV, 
I mean, the calculation that we have shown in slide number 12. So, instead of if you look 
at, I mean, let's say if you can give us on any color on let's say for in CY18 on first year, 
this generated on INR 100 revenue. So, for subsequent years what would be that 
revenue? I mean, because 14% EBITDA margin will be mainly impacted by CAC, right? 
But if we just look at our revenue and gross revenue, gross broking revenue. So, what 
would be that trend? 
 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
16            
 
 
See, it will be difficult to give the exact number for each year because our acquisition 
numbers and the quality of acquisition for each year was different. So, the purpose of 
showing this was that if at all a customer is generating INR 100 in overall tenure of his 
lifecycle, if I look at the cohort of CY18 customers, then we are talking about that all put 
together we have only spent INR 34 in acquiring plus servicing and we have got INR 66 
as the income.  
 
Now, it also means that, because with every incremental year, the lifecycle of customer 
is also increasing, the overall impact of that on our overall business will be high going 
forward. So, one is that the inference from this data should be one that post three years 
the margins of a customer is 50-percent-plus. Second, with every incremental year 
because customers are retained and they trade, the overall impact on the revenues and 
profitability will be higher and the margins will improve. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Okay. So, just one question. So, let's take an example of CY22. So, for CY22 first year, I 
mean, particularly customer has generated almost INR 100. So, for CY22 the second 
year would be, I mean, the revenue generated by that similar customer would be approx. 
of 80%. Will that be a fair assumption? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. In the span of, if you check the span of six years, yes, you're right, it is coming 70. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
But for calendar year 22, we are getting a 69% margin in the second year. So, in the 
second year we only have the servicing cost, because acquisition cost has already gone 
in the first year. 
 
Deepak Sonawane 
 
Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator  
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
17            
 
 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Yes. Hi, sir. Just a question on the cross-sell income that has grown by just 5% in the 
current year in FY23. How do you see this kind of going ahead and what was the reason 
for slow growth? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
See right now, our focus has been more into our broking business, because as I said that 
our product revamp, our investment in technology, all was for targeting the broking 
revenue. So, as an organization, the focus was on broking and that's the reason, cross-
sell is more of a small enabler of the product, but it's not a major focus area for us now. 
Having said that, yes, we are planning to introduce lending products and bonds and other 
some fixed income products on our platform. But the other cross-sell income products do 
not contribute substantially to the overall income. But broadly the reason why there is just 
a 5% growth is because the focus was more on building our product on the broking side 
of it. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
And how good is your margin funding book growing? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
See margin funding book growing typically is directly correlational to the cash market 
turnover. So, as of now, we have close to around average of INR 270 crores for last 
quarter and because the market scenario is very subdued, the growth is not there, but I 
think it will increase as and when the market increases. 
 
 
 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
18            
 
 
Okay. And just coming back on this chart on the 12th page, okay. For example, if I look 
at the third-year margin, which is the light blue box, okay. All for that matter and even the 
yellow box is the second year margin, right, that margin has been fine except for the 
second year number which kind of jumps up for CY22, but if I look at a blue box or if I 
look at the pink box, they have been declining in each of the years while there is no 
customer acquisition costs out there, that is primarily servicing costs there. Then why is 
the margin kind of sloping downwards for all these periods? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
See, one factor and interesting observation. See, one factor where the margin is a bit 
reduced as compared to the customers that we acquired in calendar year 18, 19 to 20. 
See, the reason is scale. Because in the first two years when we acquired, we were only 
at around 3.5 lakh as a customer base. But in just last 2.5 years from 3.5 lakh our 
customer base increased to from 3.5 to 35 lakhs. So, that's a massive increase in our 
customer base. So, what happens is that when you acquire a large number of customers, 
the quality of the customers is not the same as you were acquiring earlier. And that's why 
it will have an impact on the margin because typically the cost of servicing is the same, 
but the revenue that customer brings in varies and that's why you see a drop in that. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay. And sir, in a way, we’re seeing from next year onwards, with your focused approach 
on acquiring more quality customers now, these margins should improve, right? 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 
Absolutely. 
 
Prayesh Jain 
 
Okay, got that. Thank you so much. 
 
 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani 
 

 
 
Transcript – 5paisa Capital Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call  
19            
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions. Now I hand 
over the floor to the management for closing comments. 
 
Prakarsh Gagdani  
 
Thank you very much everyone for joining our conference call. If you have any questions, 
you can write to us at ir@5paisa.com. We'll be more than happy to answer your queries. 
Thank you very much and have a wonderful day ahead. 
 
Moderator  
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank 
you for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may 
disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good day. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_______________________________________________________________ 
Note: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability. 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
