Dalmia Bharat Limited 
11th & 12th Floors, Hansalaya Building, 15, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi-110 001, India 
t 91 11 23465100 f 91 11 2331 3303 w www. dalmiabharat.com CIN : L14200TN2013PLC112346 
Registered Office: Dalmiapuram, Dist. Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu- 621 651, India 
A Dalmia Bharat Group company, www.dalmiabharat.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
File No: 1010/2                                                              March 31, 2023 
 
BSE Limited     
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort Mumbai - 400001    
Scrip Code: 542216                                             
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: DALBHARAT 
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call on Business Update of the Company. 
 
Ref : Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations 
2015, please find attached transcript of the Conference Call regarding divestment of non-core 
refractory business by Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited, a material subsidiary of the Company, held 
on March 27, 2023. 
 
The same will also be uploaded on Company's website: www.dalmiabharat.com. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Dalmia Bharat Limited 
 
 
 
  
Rajeev Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
RAJEEV 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
RAJEEV KUMAR 
Date: 2023.03.31 
17:01:24 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Dalmia Bharat Limited Conference Call.”  
March 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNEET DALMIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
DALMIA BHARAT LIMITED 
MR. MAHENDRA SINGHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DALMIA CEMENT 
BHARAT LIMITED 
MR. DHARMENDER TUTEJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DALMIA BHARAT LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV BANSAL – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
TRANSFORMATION OFFICER – DALMIA BHARAT 
LIMITED 
MS. ADITI MITTAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Conference Call on Business Update of 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. Please note that this conference will be for 30 minutes and for the 
duration of this conference call, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. This 
conference call is being recorded and the transcripts of the same will be put-up on the website 
of the company. After the management discussion there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions. Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Before I hand over the conference to the management, I would like to remind that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may not be based on historical information or 
facts and maybe forward-looking statements. These statements are based on expectations and 
projections and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties such as the actual outcome that 
may differ materially from those suggested by such statements. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aditi Mittal, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Aditi Mittal: 
Thank you Mike. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining in for our call today to 
discuss the divestment of our refractory business. I would request all the participants on the call 
to kindly restrict their questions to this subject and refrain from asking anything pertaining to 
our financial performance and earnings. We can take up all such performance related questions 
during our upcoming earnings call, which will be scheduled after our Board Meeting of FY '23. 
With this I will now hand over the call to Mr. Dalmia for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Puneet Dalmia: 
Thank you Aditi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining in at such short notice. 
Before sharing with you the details regarding the purpose of this call, I would like to spend a 
few minutes to reiterate our thinking and the context which I have shared with you earlier in 
several conversations. 
We have deep conviction on the Indian growth story and are bullish that the cement sector would 
be a direct beneficiary of this for multiple decades. During and post-COVID, India has displayed 
its resilience and has come out stronger than all major world economies. And my conviction in 
the India growth story has only become stronger. 
The Indian economy is undergoing a large-scale metamorphosis with millions of people coming 
out of poverty. A young, ambitious and massive middle class will drive a consumption and 
housing boom. Further, rapidly building world class infrastructure is a defining lever to achieve 
India's ambition of becoming the world's third largest economy during the Amrit Kaal. 
We have seen the budget capex numbers of INR 7.5 lakh crores last year and INR 10 lakh crores 
this year. I believe that Infra and housing will drive a robust growth in cement demand over 
many decades. 
We have already seen outstanding results by betting on the strategy that cement is a proxy bet 
on India's growth. Our capacity grew from 1 million ton in 2004 to 40 million tons in 2023. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Dalmia's growth will continue to accelerate as India accelerates. We have plans to be 75 million 
by 2027 and in the next four years we will add almost what we added in the last 20 years. 
To capitalise on this multi-decade growth in cement demand, we created a Vision 2031 for 
Dalmia Bharat and made a long-term capacity creation plan of 110 million tons to 130 million 
tons by 2031 which translates into a 15% CAGR. 
As an entrepreneur, I am acutely aware that our strategy, like any other growth strategy requires 
strong discipline. Discipline in capital allocation and discipline in execution. We backed up our 
capex plan with a very robust capital allocation framework, which was the first of its kind for an 
Indian cement company. This growth plan and capital allocation framework has three defining 
features. 
One, Dalmia Bharat will be a Pan India pure-play cement company. Two, we will have 
significant presence in every market that we operate in. And three, that we will pursue this 
growth with a strong balance sheet, keeping net debt to EBITDA less than or equal to two. We 
could temporarily surpass this ratio for very strategic inorganic opportunities, but our company 
would make all efforts to bring it back to less than two over the next few years. 
Along with the capital allocation framework, we had also committed that we will divest our non-
core assets over time, primarily the stake in IEX, Hippo Stores and the refractory division. In 
line with this stated commitment of building a pure-play cement company and containing a net 
debt to EBITDA less than two, we started divesting our non-core assets. We began by divesting 
our stake in IEX and reduced our stake from 20% to about 15% and realized INR 614 crores. 
We also divested Hippo Stores in December '21 through a slump sale to a promoter entity for 
INR 155 crores. 
With a view to build scale, sharpen management focus and create value, we combined DCBL's 
refractory business, which we had received along with the acquisition of OCL, with a group 
entity called Dalmia Refractories Limited and created a pure-play refractory company in 
financial year '22, called Dalmia Bharat Refractories Limited, DBRL. This was done to create 
value by creating a pure-play company and building scale. 
Our investment thesis indeed played out and backed by the terrific execution of our refractory 
team, we sold the India business of DBRL to RHI Magnesita in January '23 at an EV/EBITDA 
of 24x, which is one of the highest in the sector. The consideration for the same was received in 
the form of RHI shares and also some small portion of cash. The consideration received by 
DBRL in the form of RHI shares now constitutes about 14% shareholding of RHI India and is 
locked for a period of six months till about August '23. 
Since DBL wants to finance its cement growth with a super-strong balance sheet and monetize 
its non-core assets, the Board of DCBL on Saturday 25, March has approved the sale of its entire 
42.36% holding in DBRL. Accordingly, DCBL has entered into a binding agreement to sell its 
entire shareholding in DBRL to a promoter group company called Sarvapriya Healthcare at a 
consideration of INR 800 crores. The transaction will be consummated over the next 30 days in 
April 2023. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 4 of 9 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Singhi, and our CFO to take you through the details of the 
transaction. Over to you Mr. Singhi. Thank you. 
Mahendra Singhi: 
Thanks Puneet ji. Happy Morning friends. Continuing on what Puneet ji has said, we are fully 
committed to carry out our growth plan of 110 million tons to 130 million tons by 2031. We are 
very much confident that we will be able to achieve our target of 49 million tons by March '24, 
75 million tons by FY '27. 
Friends, I am very happy to share that we are not only meeting our first milestone of 49 million 
tons in time, but with the Jaypee acquisition, we will be exceeding it by reaching to almost 54 
million tons by March '24. 
Friends, we are in the midst of completing the formalities for the Jaypee acquisition, which 
marks our entry into the central region of the country. The agreement for the first tranche of 
Jaypee acquisition is already signed and we are now in the advanced stage for completing the 
balance one. 
We will also be formally sharing an update with you on the same as soon as we are able to close 
it. As we build our capacity to 110 million tons to 130 million tons, building up raw material 
security and fuel security will be another area of focus. During the quarter, we have won auction 
for another coal block in Mandla North in MP and which when operational will add to both 
flexibility and supply and efficiency in the cost. 
Friends, as we build a pan-India pure-play cement company, we will also ensure that our balance 
sheet remains always strong. The divestment of IEX, Hippo Stores and now the refractive 
business is a step in the right direction and this will help in financing our growth plans. 
Now I would request our CFO, Mr. Dharmender to take you through the final details of the 
refractive business divestment. Thanks, all the best. 
Dharmendra Tuteja: 
Thank you, Puneet ji, and Singhi ji. Good morning, everybody. As mentioned by Puneet ji, and 
Singhi ji, the Board of DCBL in their meeting held on 25, March has approved the sale of its 
entire shareholding in DBRL. Accordingly, DCBL has subsequently entered into a binding 
agreement to sell its 42.36% stake in DBRL to a promoter group company called Sarvapriya 
Healthcare Solutions Private Limited at a consideration of INR 800 crores. 
The transaction is scheduled to be consummated over the next 30 days in April 2023. Further, 
the payment consideration for the same will come in as follows: i) 20% of the transaction value 
that is INR 160 crores will be realized by DCBL within April 2023. Ii) The balance consideration 
of 80% that is INR 640 crores will be converted into NCDs, which will carry an interest rate of 
8.5% per annum. These debentures will be redeemable in two tranches. 
The first one will be redeemed in December '23 and the remaining 40% will be redeemed in 
September '24. In December '23, when the first tranche of these debentures is redeemed, we will 
not only get cash inflow of INR 320 crores from DBRL shares divestment, but we will also be 
receiving the INR 120 crores which is due from the redemption of debentures of Hippo Stores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Thus, the combined cash inflow to the company from both these divestments will look like as 
follows. INR 160 crores in April '23 for sale of shares of DBRL, INR 440 crores in December 
'23 from redemption of debentures issued against sale of DBRL shares and Hippo Stores 
business and INR 320 crores in September '24 from the remaining debentures issued against 
DBRL shares divestment. 
Additionally, you can expect that we will gradually be divesting our stake in IEX as has already 
been reiterated both by Puneet ji and Singhi ji. Our guidance given through the capital allocation 
framework remains our key guiding document and we will continue on our capacity growth 
journey within the boundary conditions of the framework. 
With this, I now open the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the first question of the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Congratulations for closing the deal. My first question is on, while we have highlighted the 
timeline of closure of this deal, is there any chance of this not getting terminated or not getting 
closed both in terms of payment upfront as well as future, With any changes expected?  
Dharmender Tuteja: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? What I understood was that is there any risk of this not 
happening? So, the answer is no. 
Prateek Kumar:  
Risk of not happening both in terms of timelines as well as in terms of payments? 
Dharmendra Tuteja: 
No. I think the timelines of the execution which I said is 30 days from now is scheduled to 
happen as well as the payments as per the schedule which will happen. We don't foresee any risk 
on this. 
Rajiv Bansal: 
So, Prateek, if I can just elaborate on the reason of this timeline to give you more comfort. I 
think the first tranche of 30 days is frankly because of the fact that we need to give prior 
intimation to securities exchange (SEBI) of four working days to enter into inter-se promoter 
sale and by the time that four days gets over, we get into a silent period for DBRL. 
So I think the legal advice that we received was that we should not be doing transfer of shares 
during the silent period. So once the DBRL board meeting is over and the silent period is over, 
then we will be able to execute the transaction. So that is the reason why there is a delay. 
The second tranche is finally because the RHI shares are locked in for six months till August 
and we hold almost 15% shares of RHI India. So again, it requires some time  for the cash flow 
to be generated within the DBRL business. So I think the timeline has been designed based on 
that. So to ensure that there is enough cash flow in DBRL and the promoter entity which will 
have to be paying this money up. 
So I think there is no doubt in our mind that this  deal, which is being signed with the promoter 
entity, will not happen. , Earlier we had signed a deal for Hippo Store also and we have got all 
the interest payments and we are expecting the final t tranche of payment in December. So almost 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 6 of 9 
 
I would say there is no doubt about it. This is a done deal. This is a signed agreement. This is a 
binding agreement. So, there is no question of not happening at all. 
Prateek Kumar: 
My second, just one more question on valuation. How does the valuation of the three promoters 
compare to what we transferred at and what was the transfer of our Dalmia Cement to factory 
earlier and then to sale to RHI entity? So how do you compare all these three valuations 
compare? 
 Dharmender Tuteja:  
So as you will recollect that Indian business of a factory was transferred or sold by DBRL to 
RHI on slump sale basis and they got 2.7 crores shares of RHI and about INR 400 crores cash. 
Now the remaining business left is small and subscale businesses in Germany and China which 
are also in the process of being divested. DBRL also holds about INR 125 crores worth of DBL 
shares and there are small assets as well as tax liability on the slump sale transaction and other 
transaction costs and liabilities which have also been factored into while arriving at the value. 
And DBRL had also given indemnities up to INR 500 crores for any unforeseen undisclosed 
liabilities to RHI. 
The business indemnities are for a period of 27 months while tax related indemnities are for 
seven years and  fundamental indemnities are for 11 years. So the board had appointed M/s. 
Finvox Analytics, a registered valuer to assess the fair market value of DBRL stake and we have 
also taken opinion from M/s. D&A Financial Services, a category 1 merchant banker on the 
fairness of value arrived at by the valuation firm. And the valuers have considered all these 
aspects which I described a short while back and valued the company at INR 1,876 crores based 
on which the management has recommended and the board has also decided to sell its stake at 
INR 800 crores, which is 42.36%. 
Prateek Kumar: 
May be we can also say at what business was it transferred when we created a pure play refectory 
company and what has been the growth since then? 
Dharmender Tuteja:  
So when we transferred it, it was at INR 356 crores and the current carrying value as of 
December end we are carrying value at about INR 402 crores after factoring in the pro-reta 
income earned by this company. So when we transferred our business to DBRL, it was at INR 
356 crores as part of the slump sale or demerger or scheme which was done and the last carrying 
value of 31, December was INR 402 crores and against this now we are selling this as INR 800 
crores. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Inderjeet Agarwal from CLSA. 
Inderjeet Agarwal: 
Now as you mentioned there the carrying value is INR 400 crores and INR 800 crores is the 
realization. So is there will be a profit on the books of INR 400 crores? So what is the tax 
implication both on P&L and also on cash flow because of this? 
Dharmender Tuteja:  
INR 800 crores minus INR 402 crores that is roughly about INR 398 crores will be the profit in 
March accounts, because now these investments will be held for sale and at realizable value and 
the tax implication on this gain will be close to about INR 50-odd crores which will get paid in 
the next financial year when the actual consummation of the transition happens. This will be 
long term capital gain. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Inderjeet Agarwal: 
The P&L and cash flow both impacts will be in FY '24 accounts, is that correct? 
Dharmender Tuteja:  
No, I will say that the P&L impact will come in the current year itself and the profit which we 
will recognize will be post tax, but the actual tax outflow will happen in the next financial year 
when the deal gets consummated but the impact has to be taken in the current year itself in our 
books. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment Manager.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just two questions. The deal which we had with RHI, the book value was around INR 400 crores 
and upon the transfer, the overall EV we put was around close to INR 2,100 crores including the 
debt of INR 440 crores, but when we are monetizing this particular stake in Dalmia Bharat 
refractories, the overall value we have put is somewhere around INR 1,876, why is there a 
difference? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
Let me take this question. Viraj, see what you have seen is INR 2,100 crores what we are talking 
about, it is my India business. On top of that, there is Germany business and China business. 
When you go to the total enterprise value, it is much higher than what we are talking about INR 
2,100 crores. So, there are also tax liabilities. When we actually did a slump sale of assets to 
RHI, there is an income which is booked in the books of DBRL and they have to pay  taxes on 
that. So net-net we have looked at all the factors like  those related to indemnities, the transaction 
cost, and after considering all the factors, it is how the valuation has been arrived. It is not that 
whatever you have earned by selling unit through a slump sale, it is your income. Then there is 
taxes,  expenses, there is a merchant banking cost, and there are many expenses when it comes 
to that. When you consider all of that, then the valuation is INR 1,876. It is a net value. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Two questions. Post this transaction, the way we have structured the deal, the funding for the 
deal will be realized by partial sale of shares of RHI, once the locking is completed, am I right 
in thinking that way? 
Rajiv Bansal:  
No, the shares of RHI are held by DBRL. We have sold our stake in DBRLentity to a promoter 
entity. Now it is in the purview of promoter to finance this deal. And they will finance it from 
their sources. So they could do from partial divestment of RHI or may not do through a partial 
divestment of RHI. I think that is something which we will not comment upon. We are into a 
deal with a promoter entity. They have bought our entire stake in the DBRLthe entity. We have 
a redemption schedule. And the money to DCBL will come from promoter entity, not from 
DBRL. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
The reason why I am asking is, you post this, we will still be owning somewhere close to 58% 
in DBRL. So that is the reason I was asking how they are funding this? And second question I 
had was RHI recently did an announcement on QIP close to 10% or close to INR 1,500 crores. 
So in that sense, how are we looking in terms of our role for our stake in RHI? Because we 
would be one of the co-promoters in that entity? 
Rajiv Bansal:  
I am a pure-play cement company. I have exited my stake in Refractory Business to a promoter 
entity. Now I have nothing to do with refractories business from today onwards. So what is the 
future prospects of refractories business in India? How are RHI looking at it? how promoters 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 8 of 9 
 
will fund this? How much stake they will sell? I am not concerned about that. I am running a 
pure-play cement company. I believe in the growth story of India. I believe in the future success 
of the cement sector. And that is what we are focusing on. So, all the questions about refractory, 
how promoters will fund, is not part of our consideration right now. 
Dharmender Tuteja:  
Just to also add that we are not co-promoters in RHI. So it is just a financial stake which we got 
through the sale of business and we have no management rights there. We are not a strategic 
player there. So, it is just a financial investment which will get divested in due course. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vivek Kumar from Shiv Sagar Investments. 
Vivek Kumar: 
I have two questions. First, we took 18% of stake in Indian firm RHI India. So, couldn't we have 
taken a similar stake in the parent because I think the parent is selling at a lower market cap than 
the Indian firm? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
Again, Let me answer this question. It is very difficult, when we are doing  a clear divestment 
of the refractory business in India. There are many considerations which we have to look at. And 
it is not about what we want.   
Vivek Kumar: 
But we could have bought 18% in the global company, the parent? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
I could say, I wanted the parent company, I wanted that in India, I wanted X, Y, and Z. it’s a 
negotiated deal. Finally, there is a seller, there is a buyer. It is very easy to say that, why could 
we do this and why couldn’t we do that? Fact is, like Puneet was saying and MR Singhi  said, 
you have got a fantastic deal. How many companies in refractory business today globally are 
able to divest the business at almost 24-25x in the EV/EBITDA multiple, hardly any. Even if 
you look at the Indian valuation of refractory business, its not that high. So you have to 
appreciate that, the management team of refractory business has done a great deal.  
Vivek Kumar: 
But we are getting the stocks of RHI India. That could be inflated due to the market -- the stocks 
can fall so, it is actually a share stock… 
Rajiv Bansal: 
But again, because it is a market, in the cement business, I am not taking the risk. We have exited 
the business. Now the risk is again, see, there is a buy and sell any transaction, we wanted to 
build on a pure-play cement company. We have exited the refractory business… 
Vivek Kumar: 
I was just looking from the group point of view? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
No, this is not group. See, we have sold this to the family entity. We are representing Dalmia 
Bharat Limited only. 
Vivek Kumar: 
No, the overall Dalmia Group, I was just thinking on that, why couldn't we take in RHI global 
company for the go? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
Fair question, I think we should, when we have a discussion on Dalmia Bharat Group, in a 
growth strategy and promoter strategy, we should definitely discuss that… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dalmia Bharat Limited. 
 
March 27, 2023 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Vivek Kumar: 
Second question, sir. Why couldn't we have given the shares of RHI, this Dalmia Bharat 
Refractory and get it listed to the shareholders of Dalmia Cement? Could this have been done, 
getting listed, the Dalmia Bharat Refractory company getting listed? 
Rajiv Bansal: 
Multiple options were explored when we were looking at it. So, it's always a view, you can have 
a view that we should have given the shares. So, but we got advised it is not possible.. So, I 
think, best is, what is the purpose, purpose was not give the return to the shareholder, purpose 
was to generate enough cash to be able to flow back in the business… 
Vivek Kumar: 
 
Yes, I got the point. You wanted cash in Dalmia Cement… 
Rajiv Bansal: 
So, I want to grow the business. If I don't use up the cash, I will give it back to the shareholders. 
But if I have use of cash and I want to invest for the future, I would want to flow the money back 
into the DCBL balance sheet. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So, any plan to list the Dalmia Bharat Refractory in later time, like in one, two years?  
Rajiv Bansal: 
Again, Dalmia Bharat Refractory business is now a promoter-owned company. I think, the 
question is not for us to decide whether, how they plan to run that company and how they plan 
to run. It's very difficult for me to answer this question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Dalmia for closing 
comments. 
Puneet Dalmia: 
Thank you very much for joining at short notice. We appreciate your interest, and we appreciate 
your feedback. Thank you very much. We look forward to talking to you again after the full 
financial year, '23 results are closed. And we can share our outlook for the whole year and the 
future in that call. Thank you. Have a good day. 
Management: 
 
Thanks, everyone. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dalmia Bharat Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
