 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2023/18 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532923 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: RGL 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2023/11 dated January 31, 2023; please find             
enclosed herewith the transcripts of earnings Conference call on Q3 & 9M FY 2023 results of the 
Company, held on February 08, 2023. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://renaissanceglobal.com/webcast-and-transcripts/ 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0196, 
pseudonym=D2DF08760880B701BBE2DBD68
98A2BC8343293C0, 
2.5.4.20=033e3a1f7676f62110a5045d10ffa070
8c9d64a2865686a1e785e99d7e2ba7e9, 
postalCode=400708, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=F621FC1D09D761AB610EA198
05C41F606F5571282E998D2920757D0B98E77
FED, cn=Vishal Ashokrao Dhokar 
Date: 2023.02.13 14:46:38 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Renaissance Global Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Jenny Rose: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global's Q3 
and 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Sumit Shah – 
Chairman & Global CEO and Mr. Hitesh Shah – Managing Director of the Company. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question & answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I extend a warm 
welcome and thank you all for joining us on our Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31st, 2022. 
I will initiate the call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, Hitesh will 
give you a rundown of our financial performance, following which we will have the 
forum for a question & answer session. 
We have reported a resilient performance during the period under review, despite the 
ongoing challenging operating environment. Our total income in Q3 stood at Rs. 725 
crore and PAT came in at Rs. 28 crore. For the period 9M FY23, total income came 
in at Rs. 1,742 crore, up by 4% as compared to Rs. 1,672 crore in 9M FY22. And PAT 
for 9M stood at Rs. 68 crore against Rs. 85 crore for the corresponding period last 
year. 
Despite strong global headwinds, we were able to minimize the downward pressure 
on our revenues for nine months, largely driven by growth in our branded jewelry 
division, which is up 20% year over year. Our high-margin direct-to-consumer 
segment remains a priority for us, and we are pleased to witness growth even in the 
current demand scenario. The annual run rate for the segment has now improved to 
Rs. 225 crore in the 9 months, further improving the 2-year revenue CAGR to 86%. 

 
Page 2 of 7 
 
We are thrilled to report that the recently acquired Four Mine Inc. business has 
achieved break-even towards the end of the quarter and is now poised to start 
contributing to our profitability going forward. We expect margins from the direct-to-
consumer business to return to the historic range achieved prior to the acquisition in 
the coming quarter. 
We remain committed to executing our integration plan efficiently and effectively, and 
we will continue to keep you updated on our progress. 
Additionally, we are pleased to witness continued demand for our branded product 
from our retail partners. Looking forward, our strategic endeavor is to achieve over 
50% sales from the branded segment in the next 3 to 4 years.  
Branded jewelry has contributed 26% of total revenue for 9M FY23 as compared to 
23% in 9M FY22. Our overall EBITDA margins have been impacted by inflationary 
pressures which are expected to persist in the short term. Nevertheless, we are 
determined to grow our direct-to-consumer business at an aggressive pace and 
envision an improvement in margins in the medium to long term. 
Overall, the current external challenges seem to be transitory in nature and certainly 
not structural. Although retail demand in the U.S. and Europe may stay sluggish for 
the next quarter, these 2 regions continue to be the largest consumer markets in the 
world. 
To conclude, while the near-term environment remains challenging, we continue to 
focus on our strategy of growing our branded business. As we approach towards the 
end of the fiscal year and keeping the macroeconomic realities in mind, our revenue 
for FY23 is expected to decrease between 2% to 10% to between Rs. 1,970 crore to 
Rs. 2,150 crore for the year, and profit after tax is anticipated to decline to between 
Rs. 85 crore to Rs. 100 crore. 
We believe that our direct-to-consumer approach will allow us to tap into a growing 
market of next-generation jewelry customers and create value for all stakeholders in 
an efficient manner. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss our financial 
performance during the quarter. Over to you, Hitesh. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. 
A challenging economic scenario in Western markets created downward pressure in 
our revenues. However, it was partially offset by solid contribution from our direct-to-
consumer business. In Q3 of FY23, our total income stood at Rs. 725 crore compared 
to Rs. 775 crore in Q3 of FY22, down by 6%. While for 9M FY23, total income grew 
by 4% to Rs. 1,742 crore as compared to Rs. 1,672 crore in the same period last year. 
Our branded sales in Q3 stood at Rs. 234 crore, up by 19% year over year, with 
contribution of branded jewelry revenue to total revenue being as high as 32%. In 9M 
FY23, revenue share of studded jewelry stood at 89%. Of the total studded jewelry 
revenues, branded jewelry contributed 38%. 
During Q3 of FY23, direct-to-consumer business posted revenues of Rs. 88 crore as 
compared to Rs. 49 crore in Q3 of FY22, registering a growth of 80%. For the 9M 
FY23, our direct-to-consumer business revenue was up by 83% to Rs. 173 crore as 
compared to Rs. 94 crore in the same period last year. 
Revenues from our plain gold segment grew by 21% year over year to Rs. 65 crore 
in Q3, and for the nine months' period, it grew by 76% year over year to Rs. 190 crore. 

 
Page 3 of 7 
 
On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at Rs. 50 crore in Q3 of FY23, and for the nine 
months' period, it stood at Rs. 130 crore, translating into margins of 6.9% and 7.5% 
respectively. 
For the nine month period, the branded jewelry business reported an EBITDA of 
12.6% margin and the D2C business registered a 12.4% EBITDA margin. D2C 
business EBITDA margins were compressed due to integration costs from our newly 
acquired Four Mine Inc. business. The business has now achieved break-even while 
we build scale and is poised to positively contribute to our profitability moving forward. 
We anticipate a return to our historic D2C margins in the next few quarters.  
In Q3 of FY23, profit after tax after discontinued operations came in at Rs. 28 crore 
versus Rs. 33 crore in the corresponding period last year. While for the nine months 
ended 31st December, PAT stood at Rs. 68 crore against Rs. 85 crore in the same 
period last year. 
In terms of our balance sheet, our net debt-to-equity ratio stands at a healthy 0.30 as 
of December 31st, 2022, versus 0.41 as of September. Our total net debt stands at 
Rs. 291 crore and our cash and bank balances and current investments stand at a 
healthy Rs. 226 crore. We have generated a cash flow of Rs. 149 crore for the trailing 
12 months ending 31st December 2022 on the back of aggressive working capital 
reduction. 
To conclude, we have reported a stable despite a difficult macroeconomic 
environment. As one of the leading industry players, we have a strong financial 
position, and we remain confident of our ability to navigate through this challenging 
period and deliver strong performance in the future. 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
The first question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS.  
Amit Doshi: 
Sir, about a year back, I think we had started our activities in China. Can you share 
any update on that, how things are shaping up now? 
Sumit Shah: 
We did a test with one of the larger chains in China for Enchanted Disney Fine 
Jewelry. After the test period, I think China went through a significant lockdown phase 
due to which the performance of the brand was not satisfactory. So, we have wound 
up the test in China and we don't expect China to contribute to revenues going 
forward. 
Amit Doshi: 
This customer brands business that we have, can you explain the reason from a 7% 
EBITDA margin to 4%? It's like parallel to the gold business that you do. How do you 
kind of read that? 
Sumit Shah: 
The customer brands business has been impacted by negative operating leverage. I 
think that as sales have gone down, some of the cost structures here have led to 
deleverage on the operating front. As the market stabilizes and the macro situation 
improves, we expect to go back to historical 7% to 8% margins on the customer 
brands front going forward. 
Amit Doshi: 
So, it's more about the demand side and not on the cost? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, because we are down 18% for the quarter, the margins have gone down. 

 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Amit Doshi: 
As and when our D2C or the branded business is increasing, our working capital cycle 
is kind of extending. Is that correct understanding? 
Sumit Shah: 
The working capital cycle has gone down. If we compare to 1 year ago, our working 
capital number of days has gone from 198 days to 188 days because the direct-to-
consumer business requires less inventory, it's more working capital efficient, and has 
less receivable days as well. We would expect our working capital days to actually 
improve meaningfully as direct-to-consumer becomes a larger part of the business, 
especially the Four Mine Inc. business is extremely working capital efficient because 
it's a made-to-order business where we manufacture the jewelry after the order is 
received. While we have seen an improvement year-over-year, I think the fair 
comparison really is December to December because of seasonality. The number of 
working capital days has improved by 10 days in the last 12 months' period. 
Amit Doshi: 
Actually, I was looking at the slide where FY19 is showing around 154 days, and of 
course, then it jumped to 198 days, which you are referring to in December 2021 and 
now back to 188 days. 
Sumit Shah: 
The historical numbers are not comparable because we changed our accounting 
policy last year, whereby we are actually reporting revenues of the gold division on a 
net basis. Because of the non-comparability of that, FY20 and FY21 would not be a 
fair comparison, which is mentioned in the notes below. On a like-for-like basis, it has 
gone from 213 days to 188 days effectively if you were to compare on the older 
accounting methodology. 
Amit Doshi: 
And you mentioned about this inflationary trend. What typically do you expect going 
forward that how that inflationary…. Primarily, you are talking about the diamond cost. 
What kind of costs are facing an inflationary pressure? And how do you see that going 
forward? You already gave a guidance about the next quarter in FY23. I am looking 
slightly more medium term in that sense. 
Sumit Shah: 
The commodity prices went up meaningfully in the beginning of calendar year 2022. 
It took us a couple of quarters to pass on those increases to customers. So, from a 
gross margin perspective, I would say that we are largely stabilized and passed on 
cost increases to customers. In general, inflationary pressure has definitely caused a 
demand slowdown because jewelry is a discretionary purchase because of which we 
have seen a demand side issue. In terms of our gross margins and our ability to pass 
on the prices to customers, we have already done that and the gross margins are now 
at a stable level where we expect them to be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar Pennada from Ratna Traya Capital.  
Pavan Kumar P: 
Sir, can you comment about the overall EBITDA margins? Actually, we are expecting 
some increase in direct-to-consumer business margins, but the segment itself has 
been under pressure. What's your view going forward? 
Sumit Shah: 
The direct-to-consumer segment's margins have gone down primarily due to the 
acquisition of Four Mine Inc. We acquired the business in February of 2022. And the 
business lost money up until the month of October. So, the margins are kind of 
depressed because of the acquisition. We have incurred significant integration costs 
and initial losses. Our expectation would be that in a few quarters, you would see a 
significant improvement in the margins of the D2C business as the acquisition has 
now broken even and is profitable on a go-forward basis. 
Pavan Kumar P: 
Can you also please make us understand the contribution of Four Mine Inc. to Q3 
revenues and PAT? 

 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Sumit Shah: 
We haven't provided those numbers yet in Q3 and for the current year. At the end of 
the year, we will break down Four Mine Inc. within the D2C segment and will provide 
more visibility going forward so that investors are able to look at the margin profile 
separately. Going forward, we will provide visibility into the numbers. 
Pavan Kumar P: 
How is this business model different from our other franchise models? 
Sumit Shah: 
Four Mine Inc., we own the brand. It's a lab-grown diamond brand where we are 
focused on selling engagement rings. The remainder of our direct-to-consumer 
business is all licensed brands. So, one primary difference is own brand versus 
licensed brands. Second primary differentiator is it's primarily a lab-grown business 
as compared to a natural diamond business which is the remainder of our direct-to-
consumer businesses. And it's a made-to-order business where we carry zero 
working capital. In fact, it is net working capital positive because the customer pays 
money first, after which we acquire the goods and deliver the product to the customer 
in about 11 days after receipt of the order. So, from a working capital perspective, it's 
highly efficient. And as I mentioned earlier, primarily lab-grown, focused on selling our 
own brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment 
Advisors.  
Aakash Javeri: 
My first question is that you mentioned the retail demand in the U.S. will remain 
sluggish for the next quarter. Could you just throw some light on how you expect it in 
FY24 and the rest of the calendar year? 
Sumit Shah: 
What we saw in the past year was that the entry-level product was impacted a lot 
more than the mid-priced product and the higher-level product because there is a 
certain type of consumer who was, I think, more impacted by inflation. That's point 
number one. As year-over-year inflation eases, we are seeing more of a normalization 
trend in the retail sales data. Qualitatively, when we looked at January sales data of 
our retail partners, we are seeing the negative numbers go away and more of a 
normalization of demand. As to when we will start seeing year-over-year growth, I 
think, is a matter of time, but we are seeing the negative trend abating a little bit now, 
and we hope to start to see positive numbers in the next quarter or two. That would 
be sort of the visibility that we would have initially. I think that it would be early to tell 
how FY24 would do, but we are quite optimistic to be able to return to growth in FY24. 
Aakash Javeri: 
What gives us confidence that our D2C brands will do so well? And Four Mine Inc. 
acquisition that we have done; on a low base, we have been doing well, but what 
gives us the confidence that in the next 1 year if the rest of the market remains, there 
is not as much visibility, then what gives us confidence that we will be able to grow 
that part of the business? 
Sumit Shah: 
The Four Mine Inc. business is really focused around lab-grown diamonds and lab-
grown diamonds have significantly gained market share in the U.S. We are really the 
only vertically integrated player competing in this space. There are probably about 4 
or 5 brands in the direct-to-consumer lab-grown diamond space that are meaningful 
in size. Obviously, we have competitors who are a lot larger than us. We think 
structurally, it's a market that is growing very rapidly and potentially can be quite large 
because the lab-grown diamond engagement rings are still a very small percentage 
of the overall market. So, it's a growing market. We are an integrated player with 
significant cost advantages and delivery timeline advantages. And we have the 
design capability since we do significant investments since we have a large B2B 
business. I think a lot of the building blocks are there. I think we have to focus on 
execution and building the brand the right way. And we are fairly confident that we 
should be able to continue to grow this business with a long ramp for growth going 
forward. 

 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
For this announcement in budget about lab-grown diamonds, how do you see that 
impacting Renaissance Global? 
Sumit Shah: 
There is no immediate impact. I think there is clearly a focus, as the Government 
recognizes that this is something which is going to be a huge growth area for the 
Company. And we are very focused currently on building the front end for this and 
building consumer demand. I think at some point in the future, we need to see if we 
want to backward integrate into the growing process. But currently, we have no plans. 
We really plan to build out the front end and build the demand side of this because 
really our key differentiator is the ability to design, manufacture, and deliver a great 
brand experience to the consumer. So, we plan to stay focused on this part of the 
business. 
Amit Doshi: 
So, this is something more for somebody who is into manufacturing lab-grown 
diamonds? 
Sumit Shah: 
Growing the diamonds in a lab, that's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dharmavenkatesan K B, an individual investor. 
Dharmavenkatesan: 
Sir, I am new to this Company. I just want to understand how we are promoting our 
D2C brands. What are the kind of advertising we are doing, in case we are doing? I 
just wanted a more clarity on what we are exactly doing in the D2C brands? 
Sumit Shah: 
We currently are investing a significant sum of money in terms of our overall revenue 
in growing the brands. Primarily, it is digital marketing. Just to give you a perspective 
on Rs. 225 crore revenue for the current year, we would be spending between Rs. 60 
crore and Rs. 70 crore on advertising in the current financial year. This is basically 
split up between top of the funnel and bottom of the funnel marketing, primarily 
between Google and Facebook advertising platforms. It's a mix between performance 
marketing and brand building, but it's primarily digital marketing spent on these 2 
platforms to get customers. 
Dharmavenkatesan: 
I was looking through your presentation. The consumer brands segment had actually 
de-grown by around 20%. Is there demand destruction which is happening because 
of this inflation thing which is prevalent in the western countries? And how do you see 
this going forward into the next financial year? 
Sumit Shah: 
We saw a significant commodity price inflation in the early half of 2022 due to which 
definitely their wallets were stretched, and we saw negative year-over-year numbers 
in terms of retail demand. As I mentioned to the earlier caller that we are seeing 
positive trends starting January, as inflation has abated. We are hopeful that in the 
next couple of quarters, these numbers should stabilize and improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanket Goradia from RS Investments.  
Sanket Goradia: 
I have 2 questions. One was on the acquisition side, if we are looking at any potential 
acquisition now? And the second part of that comes from the cash that we are holding. 
Are we looking at using that maybe for the acquisition or a buyback or increase in any 
kind of dividend payout? 
Sumit Shah: 
We are not looking at any further acquisitions in the near term. Between growing Four 
Mine Inc. and our branded business, I think that we have definitely got a long runway 
for growth. We also have a small retail business in India, Irasva, which is showing 
some nice green shoots with store-level profitability being achieved. I think that we 

 
Page 7 of 7 
 
have got multiple drivers of growth in the existing businesses that we have between 
the licensing business, Four Mine Inc., as well as the India retail business which will 
become meaningful over a period of time, but we are seeing good unit economics 
coming out of that business. So, I think focusing on gaining efficiencies out of the 
existing businesses and growing them will be the focus. I think that at the current 
moment in time, the Board hasn't decided on any buyback or increased dividends, 
but we have meaningfully reduced the gross debt down year-over-year. We have 
gone from Rs. 549 crore of gross borrowings to Rs. 469 crore. And in the current 
interest rate environment, it makes sense to pay down the debt and de-risk the 
Company from that perspective. Capital allocation decisions will be made by the 
Board going forward, but we have been using some of the money to pay down the 
debt as you see from our balance sheet from December. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sumit Shah: 
I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. Should you need any further 
clarifications or know more about the Company, please feel free to contact our 
Investor Relations team. We hope to have your valuable support on a continued basis 
as we move ahead. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
