                                                                                     
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
                                     
                              
            Date: 23rd January 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
Sub.: Outcome Transcript -Conference Call – Q3 FY’23. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 12th January 2023 regarding the Conference Call of the 
Company, which was held on Tuesday, 17th January 2023 at 04:00 P.M.(IST), please find enclosed 
herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under the URL 
https://newgensoft.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking You. 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
AMAN MOURYA
Digitally signed by AMAN 
MOURYA 
Date: 2023.01.23 16:44:26 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VARADARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER 
– NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Please note that the transcript has been edited for accuracy purposes 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '23 conference call of Newgen 
Software Technologies Limited. As a reminder all participants line will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for to you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Deepti Chugh: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I'm Deepti Mehra Chugh, Investor Relations Newgen 
Software Technologies Limited, and I welcome you all to the Q3 FY '23 results of the company. 
Wishing you all a very happy New Year. Joining with me today on our call is our management, 
Mr. Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing Director, Newgen; Mr. Varadarajan, Whole-Time 
Director; Mr. Virender Jeet; Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Arun Kumar Gupta, Chief Finance 
Officer. 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-
looking statements concerning Newgen's future business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results could materially vary from these 
forward-looking statements. 
Past performance may not be indicative of future performance. The company does not undertake 
to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become materially 
incorrect or update any forward-looking statements made from time to time by or on behalf of 
the company. For any further details, you may please refer to the Investor Relations section of 
our website. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Nigam for the presentation of the results, which will be followed by 
a Q&A. Thank you. 
Diwakar Nigam: 
Good afternoon, everyone and wishing all of you a very happy New Year. Thank you for joining 
us today for our Q3 financial results call. 2022 has been an exciting year for us. We completed 
30 years of Newgen. We had a new look with the new logo launch. Most importantly, we were 
excited to interact, engage and celebrate with our customers and stakeholders in person through 
various events, leaving behind the phase of COVID. We are happy to share our progress and 
performance in the third quarter. 
This is our first quarter with revenue exceeding INR 250 crores at Newgen. We witnessed a 
strong revenue growth of 26% year-on-year. All our geography witnessed growth for us. Our 
traditional markets continued to be the drivers of our growth. India, EMEA witnessed a growth 
of 40% and 27%, with good business from both existing and new customers. APAC and US 
region witnessed a growth of 18% and 13%. We are seeing continued adoption of subscription-
based business model.  
The overall subscription revenues have been growing, steadily at a healthy pace of 37% Y-o-Y 
and were at INR 84 crores in Q3. These are the building blocks of our long-term sustainable 
revenues. The annuity revenues for the quarter were INR 154 crores, witnessing a growth of 
38% Y-o-Y. The annuity revenue comprised 61% of our total revenue in Q3. 
It is noteworthy that these growth numbers incorporate the continuing transition to subscription 
from license-based model and is expected to result in faster growth and higher revenue visibility 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
over coming quarters. The quarter was marked by 16 new logo wins spread across geographies. 
We had significant deals in existing as well as new accounts during the quarter, including a cloud 
deal with a full-service financial institution in the Southeast region in America; a license-based 
project for a financial institution in America providing offerings for life and health insurance; 
annuities, pensions, real estate, banking and investment wins. 
In India, Newgen won a large-sized project from a leading public sector bank and a private sector 
bank, a midsized project in Singapore for a global financial services group, a project for one of 
the fastest-growing banks in India currently. 
Moving to update on our offerings and opportunities. Our platforms are well equipped for 
handling large varieties of complex processes and use cases, helping our customers in meeting 
their end-to-end digital journeys. NewgenONE platform has capabilities for automating complex 
processes and content services at scale. The AI/ML capabilities of Number Theory are now fully 
integrated with our product platform and philosophy. Our trade finance platform is also receiving 
a good response from our customers. 
As mentioned in our press release earlier during the day, we are excited that for yet another year, 
we have been positioned as a niche player in 2023 Gartner's Magic Quadrant for enterprise low 
code application platform. While many platforms are offering more citizen and simple low-code 
application development, our low-code application development platform provides the 
enterprise-wide large-scale applications development that needs to be scalable and robust. We 
will continue to work on our long-term platform and cloud goal. 
On the operational front, attrition has stabilized now. We continue to invest in strengthening our 
team wherever required, including campus recruitment and lateral hires. Our focus is on adding 
such talent, working on their development needs and making them productive in a short period 
of time. A lot of emphasis is put across on training and developmental work of our employees, 
with regular training across various aspects, including product, business management skills, 
team development, etcetera. 
We are trying to build large capacities at a reasonable cost to deliver large business opportunities 
we are seeing in our geographies. On the sales and marketing front, business travel has fully 
resumed, leading to in-person customer interactions. Following the customer meets in Mumbai 
in September, we had successful in-person customer meets in Dubai and Delhi after a break of 
three years. The response received was tremendous, participation included existing and new 
global customers, system integrators and large consulting firms. 
It served as a good platform for showcasing our products road map and customer success stories 
as well as enabling customers, system integrators and consultant networks to provide their input, 
understanding and product capabilities, collaborating and exchanging with us. In the long term, 
we believe partners will strengthen and drive our growth along with the direct sales channel. We 
are rigorously working towards enabling these channels. 
Our profit after tax for the quarter was stable at INR 48 crores compared to Q3 FY '22. During 
the year, R&D expenses comprised 10% of revenue and sales and marketing expense comprised 
22%.  
In the first nine months of the year, our total revenue was INR 669 crores, witnessing a growth 
of 22% Y-o-Y. Our profit after tax was INR 98 crores. 
On the cost front, this year is marked by the continuing impact of elevated employee costs, 
higher costs on account of increased go-to market initiatives, return in-person events and 
gradually normalizing travel expenses. We are continuously investing in widening the employee 
pyramid by higher intake at bottom of the pyramid and working on their training and 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
development to make the products sale through. We see large-scale development needs in the 
future. 
On the cash flow and balance sheet front, our net cash generated from the operations activity 
was INR 100 crores for the nine months. Our net trade receivables were INR 283 crores at the 
end of December, which resulted in a net DSO of 115 days.  
Our compelling value proposition in the market includes our low-code platform approach, which 
is capable of handling complex content and process requirements at scale as well as the growing 
opportunity for digital transformation across organizations. We are thankful for the continuing 
support and faith shown by our customers and for giving us newer opportunities to show cause 
the immense value our solution can bring to their organizations. 
Our cloud and subscription revenue continued to grow at a fast pace, helping us in developing a 
long-term sustainable business model. We will continue with our investments in our people and 
their development to build a future-ready organization. We are now open to Q and A. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand your traction on the 
trade finance platform, I mean, given the fact you launched this platform in September. So how 
is the traction over there? And what kind of inquiries or what kind of conversations are you 
having over there? 
And my second question was on the GSI. How did GSI pan out this particular quarter? And my 
third question was on the margins. I mean we have seen sequential improvement in margins, but 
the fact that since travel cost has normalized or still on a Y-o-Y basis it is down 500 basis points. 
So as you know, we as investors, how should we see margin for the balance part of the year or 
even for the next year earnings? Yes, those were all my questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
And I'll try to answer them one by one. See, on the trade finance, what we launched a few 
quarters back, I think we have developed a very promising funnel across all regions, and 
especially in Middle East, India, APAC the funnel is. In fact, we have also got some interest in 
US in certain customers. So, we are going slow, because, right now, we're looking at also our 
capability to execute on that front. 
We closed a deal on trade finance in  this quarter as well, and we have at least two or three more 
closures left for the quarter to come. So broadly, these deals are substantial in size and are very 
different in size and execution compared to our traditional size. So we are looking at potential 
to close three, four, five deals a year. This also gives a substantial jump to our revenue. So we're 
very hopeful and we are running it very aggressively. 
On the GSI front, we continue to invest in that. And I think we are happy that the funnel overall 
keeps on improving out there. This quarter, we have been able to close three deals with GSI, in 
the US and Australia. It's still a very long way to go in terms of what our expectation for GSI 
is,,but it does continue to grow at only an organic pace rather than a state which could disrupt 
the market for us. 
On the margin side, you're right. I think we have come back to that previous margin which was 
prior COVID area on account of normalization of travel and normalization of also operational 
costs. And also as Mr. Nigam said, I think there's a lot more of cost pressure on -- in terms of 
talent management, wages, and that seems to be one of the most important challenges still we 
are facing in terms of managing the talent. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
So what we had indicated was that last year's margins were not a sustainable benchmark because 
a lot of our operational and business activities were not being conducted. But even in near term 
in Q4 as well as next year, I think we aim to achieve a margin percentage of net margin between 
17% to 18% and EBITDA between 22% to 23%. Now we are at roughly around 14.5%, 15% for 
9 months. Q4 is generally a very strong quarter for us. And if we are able to meet the historical 
trends of Q4 and meet that growth rates, we should be very close to our estimates of what we 
have estimated at the beginning of the year. Does that answer your question? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. That is really helpful. Just on the trade finance side, I mean, you mentioned that the 
deal sizes are higher here. So I mean, if you could throw some more light. I mean, what kind of 
deal sizes are there? And just on the differentiation side, there are several players offering this 
particular platform. So what is the differentiation over here? What is our right to win in this 
particular offering? 
Virender Jeet: 
Generally, for trade finances, eventually -- while the traditional deals which we are close 
between 400k, 500k, the trade deals are roughly between $1 million, $2 million upfront. But the 
long-tail revenue in them is very strong because these projects take a large amount of teams, a 
large amount of engineering activities to manage them over the lifetime. So the lifetime account 
value may be multiple times than the traditional size for us. 
Mihir Manohar:  
So upfront revenue is $1 million to $2 million? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Yes. 
Mihir Manohar:  
All right. Sure. Yes. And just on the right to win side. 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think -- see, like we are the challengers in this market. And luckily, we have got some 
of the best cases and customers eventually. So we have seen that there's a lot of activity on the 
trade portal and trade origination which has not been completely addressed previously. And our 
technology of process of automation, low-code and content -- complex content -- so it's a very 
compelling value prop to the customer out there. This is an area which people are finding a lot 
of interest in and coming back to us. We've been lucky to get first four, five customers which 
are the marquee names, and that is building strong credentials for us. But every market we'll 
have to really discover. I think we have touched so far on India and Middle East. We have not 
really got deals still in Europe, US or UK So I think we'll have to go and discover that as we 
enter those markets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
My question is on the Indian market. So this quarter has seen a sort of sharp increase in the 
revenues. We were around INR 65 crores sort of run rate. And this quarter, we saw around INR 
86 crores, INR 87 crores. So just wanted to know is there any one-off in this quarter or is this 
the run rate going ahead for Indian markets? 
Virender Jeet: 
Harsh Shah, this Indian market keeps on surprising us. Every time we say that it's going to slow 
down, it keeps on bouncing, and every two, three years, it delivers very strong performance. I 
think last year and this year, we are in that cycle that India market is delivering performance 
about 30% for us. Though in a particular quarter, a steep jump can be because of some license 
deals coming in, which could have upfront revenue realization. But overall, if you look at the 
whole nine month period, it's a substantial growth. So nine months period is also close to 40% 
growth. 
So we think right now the market in financial services and also in other product side is really 
strong. People are investing very aggressively for growing their businesses. And that's where we 
are able to get a lot of renewals of large contracts from existing accounts as well as penetrate 
new logos. So I would not call it one-off. There is no one-off major deal which could disrupt the 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
revenue but yes, some amount of fluctuation in quarters can happen because of large license 
deals. 
But on a year -- I think for us to look at regional -- I keep on saying that it's very important to 
look at an annual result for a regional performance rather than a quarterly because the numbers 
are still small-- when the numbers are in the range of INR 30 crores, INR 40 crores, INR 50 
crores, a single deal can change all percentage gains. But if you look at a nine month result, India 
has been very strong, which concludes that this year is going to be very strong for India. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Just if I may follow up on this. Is the investment coming from the fintech side, the smaller 
emerging companies? Or the investment is in across all segments and the larger banks and 
NBFCs are participating? 
Virender Jeet: 
Predominantly, banks and NBFCs, not fintechs, because fintechs are generally IT shops on their 
own. So the automation platform which we provide to banks and financial services, fintechs are 
generally creating most of the technology in-house or having a very alternate way of doing that. 
So customers in public sector, customers in NBFCs, private banks are our primary drivers of 
this growth. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And what is the outlook for the SaaS companies now globally? I mean, post-COVID the 
industry was gung-ho, there's a lot of funding coming around. But with the funding squeezing a 
bit, a lot of companies going out of the business. And even the employees cost has gone down 
quite a bit. So is the buy versus build narrative still going on? I mean SaaS segment will continue 
to be strong or people are shifting towards building their own team and building their own 
software? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I'm not probably the expert to comment on what's going to happen globally to SaaS 
companies, but I can tell this buy versus build narrative has been there for last 15, 20 years. More 
and more customers depending on the nature of business and more and more complex things are 
coming into a buy phase rather than build, because just the time to market and the advantage to 
get something quickly launched for their customers is very, very important. 
So I think broadly if I can answer on that, there is a huge interest to look at products, look at 
ready-made things which customers can absorb. And really, customers want to focus on their 
business rather than large engineering cycle. So that way, we find the same traction. And it's true 
for our own offerings as well. More and more customers are taking our ready-made solution 
escalators and deploying them for complex businesses around that. But SaaS companies is a very 
different business. I would refrain from commenting on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur from Jefferies. The current participant has left the 
question queue. We'll move on to the next question from the line of S. Chatterjee from AS 
Capital. 
S. Chatterjee: 
So annuity is now currently 60% of our business, so SaaS, ATS and support. So if one of our 
clients in this segment wants to cut cost and switch to a different vendor, what is the switching 
cost? I mean, what is the type of problem they will be facing if they switch their vendor? How 
sticky are they? 
Virender Jeet: 
 So you're absolutely right, the annuity keeps on growing. We have a constant endeavor to grow 
the annuity business. But to understand, we are still in the enterprise business space, where cost 
of engaging for a vendor or just engaging with the customer is very high because these systems 
are very deeply integrated in customer ecosystems, integrated with core banking, ERPs, multiple 
vendors running core business activities. So technically, everything can be switched, but we 
have seen almost negligible switching over last 15 years. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
So what we sell to customers are their primary business solutions. I think in banks it will become 
probably the second most important system after the core. Same is true in insurance, same is true 
in financial services. Our shared services, we are the core shared services platform. Technically, 
it can be switched, but enterprise products if they are running fine and the customer's technology 
is not obsolete, they continue to be used. 
So I don't think the switching happens to get a better deal or an offer. The switching only happens 
that if your technology stack becomes obsolete or you're not able to meet the customer business 
requirement. And so far, I think we have been ahead of the curve over there. That's not been the 
challenge. 
S. Chatterjee: 
My question is, today, we are a $100 million company and we had an aspiration to go probably 
$500 million in probably next five to seven years. So what are the challenges in it and what will 
be the growth drivers, I mean, whether that's GSI, corporate finance platform or anything else? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, we are very confident with the products and the solutions and customer reference ability 
we have. The potential is there. Of course, there are a couple of strategies which we need to 
execute. And one of them has been what we've been working over some time over GSI, where 
we have built the ecosystem, but on the results, it's still slow. I'm not saying that the results are 
not there, but they're coming at a slow pace. 
The other part of it is really getting a strong foothold in mature market and Fortune 2000 clients 
where GSI is a strategy, but we are also augmenting that with our own go-to-market, whether 
we are opening subsidiaries in Australia, UK, US. Now, of course, it's a very organic process. I 
think things start picking up. Last two years on COVID, I think we have been slightly less behind 
on that initiative, not able to execute really on those business plans. But I think this year, we 
have started showing the business momentum. And if we are able to keep this momentum for 
next six, seven quarters, we should be able to really create a direct linkage between the time line 
by which we can reach there. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ankur from Jefferies. 
Ankur: 
Yes, I'm sorry for the last time. So could you provide some color on your various markets that 
you have and the outlook for each of these markets? Especially US, I see that there has been a 
13% growth this year. So what has been the growth in terms of constant currency? And there's 
been a doubling in terms of your SaaS revenue. So what has led to that? So my first question is 
this. 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. On the various markets, I think you can see through the results clearly what's happening in 
the emerging markets, which have been strong for us, continue to be performing very strongly. 
India is driving that growth. But also Middle East on the value terms, if you look at on nine 
months and year base, will become the primary growth driver for that. APAC also is becoming 
very strong. I think from hardly being 4%, 5%, 7% of our business, it has started growing to 
more like 14%, 15% of our business. 
And with Australia subsidiary also kicking in from next year  -- we should be able to build a 
much more stronger impact. US, we have pivoted in strategy a couple of times. We are 
deliberately working out on some amount of business which was not really leading to long-term 
growth and margins. So we are pivoting on that. So we have recorded a growth of 13%, but it's 
very weak compared to what we have been able to traditionally do from US. So US is one of our 
bigger challenges right now which we are trying to solve. 
Coming back to the SaaS and growth of SaaS. One thing we started last year in November. Now 
it's almost like four quarters. We started deliberately shifting a lot of our deals to subscription-
based deals. And s which also led to -- we didn't have a lot of revenue realized in those quarters. 
Now that, that revenue is coming in slowly, you will see the subscription and the SaaS-based 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
revenue growing at a much more compounding speed. In fact, in this quarter, out of 16 logos, 9 
logos which we have won are completely subscription-based logos. So they will start adding 
into future quarter revenue. 
So on the order book side, we have a far better performance than what is reflecting on the top 
line because of the deferred revenue coming from subscription deals. So it's very natural on the 
SaaS growing at this speed, and we think that we can continue to grow the SaaS at a much higher 
speed over next four, five quarters. Does that answer your question, Ankur? 
Ankur: 
Yes, yes. That's very helpful. And on the other -- I see the other expenses have risen quite sharply 
this quarter. Anything around that, like what led to that? I understand business travel is one part 
of it. But do you expect it to go further -- higher incrementally or sequentially for the next quarter 
and also for the next year? How do you see that line item? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think generally our other expenses will have significant growth compared to last year 
because on account of normalization of travel, operating costs and also more marketing activities 
which we are starting. Other expenses will go sequentially up slightly because -- for next quarter, 
they will not go substantially up. In fact, as we grow and start investing more in travel and 
marketing, they may sequentially go up. They will keep pace with the growth of the company. 
But the base is pretty large. We do expect to spend more on marketing, more on travel next year. 
It will go up, but the jumps will not be comparable to this year's jump, because this year's jump 
is on a very artificial base. 
Ankur: 
All right. And if I did catch your earlier comment right, your EBITDA margin that you expect, 
22% to 23%, was for next year, right? That is the kind of number that you're looking at, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, surely for next year. Yes, next year also, our attempt for this year was also around the same 
percentage. We are having some amount of challenge because we're at 14%, but -- although 
historically Q4 is always a larger quarter for us and more – because the costs almost are 
recurrent. Q4 on the cost front is not going to be substantially different from the Q3. But any 
increase percentage of top line growth will completely reflect in the margin side. 
Ankur: 
So the cost would be flat and you are planning to -- and the revenue would be, hopefully, 
competitively higher. That's what you're saying? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, and that has been the tradition. If you look at last five year's data, this is exactly -- most of 
the margin actually comes in Q3 and Q4, and predominantly in Q4. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Devang from IDBI Capital. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So I have a couple of questions. One is, what is your 
CC growth in the quarter? Second, will you be able to surpass the Q3 performance in Q4 and 
FY '24? What led to the dip in government revenues? I have two more questions, but I'll come 
after your answers. 
Virender Jeet: 
Okay. Then let me see on the constant currency, our Q3, we're at around 19.5%, if I'm right. So 
around 19.5%. That is – on the Q3 versus Q4, historically, Q4 has been always stronger than 
Q3. But Q3 since we have delivered at 26%, we do expect the base for our business keeps on 
improving because of the subscription revenue we are building. And our attempt is to have a 
stronger Q4 compared to Q3. But how strong? I think that will come when the results unfold. 
But yes, it's not that the Q4 can be weaker than Q3. So it will be strong. On the government 
revenue, I think right now government for the 9-month period -has grown by 70%. And for the 
period of Q3, it's minus 6.4%. That's why I said, the quarter numbers when you break further 
into verticals and segments and regions, they become so small that a single deal makes the 
percentage look odd. So it will be better to look at either nine months or a 12-month number. So 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
this year, I think the banking, government and insurance are still performing strong. We are 
slightly becoming weaker on the shared service and manufacturing side, which we are trying to 
recover. 
Devang Bhatt: 
 
And on the FY '24 side, will you be able to maintain the FY '23 revenue growth? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, our endeavor is to even exceed that, because as we said, we have aspiration of investing 
aggressively for growth. And depending on if the market is favorable and we are able to execute 
our plan, there is no reason why we can exceed the growth of this year. 
Devang Bhatt: 
And how much was travel as a percentage of revenue this quarter or nine-month basis, whichever 
is? And with increase in direct sales, how much the cost will increase? Despite that, you will be 
able to maintain that 22% to 23% band? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think this year, you should look is what has happened in terms of whatever additional cost 
of INR 20 crores from travel or SG&A or manpower cost, has all got into eating in the margin. 
But historically, since now the next base of margin has been set up. We have a travel of roughly 
around INR 30 crores to INR 40 crores is going to be this year. And also, SG&A costs have been 
-- we are operational on almost 80%, 90% of our capacity.  
So now the cost growth for even historical -- for any x percent of growth, our cost only grew by 
almost half of x on the manpower side. That has been traditional. Because as we generate high 
gross margin business, roughly, around 60% to 65% is our gross margin historical as well. So 
there is a lot of operating leverage in terms of multiple revenue streams, ATS, license, SaaS. We 
don't have any direct costs associated with. So for getting 25% growth, we don't need to spend 
25% more cost. We need to spend incrementally more like 13%, 14% of the cost. So there is 
going to be operating leverage at gross level. And I think next year, even as growth rates similar 
to this year, we should be able to expand the operating leverage. 
Devang Bhatt: 
What was the contribution of GSI to revenue? And is your US margins which you did this 
quarter, is that sustainable going forward? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think quarterly margins, again, is not the right way to look at. I think annual margin is what -- 
I think we should be able to do better in US because our US Q1 and Q2 were weak. Q3 and Q4 
if they become strong, we should be able to restore some margin. But next year, we don't expect 
US to be weak at all. We expect US to the growth driver for the company. And once it's a growth 
driver, there's no reason why the margin contribution will not be happening there. 
Devang Bhatt: 
 
And what will be the contribution of GSI this quarter? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think this quarter, see, GSI percentage revenue is still very small.  We look at partner revenue, 
which is roughly between 20% to 25% of our revenue. But the GSI is -- we look at number of 
deals which GSI has really brought in. So this quarter, three deals were brought in GSI out of 16 
deals we got. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, first, I just wanted to understand, I mean, the comment that you made in the -- to the last 
participant, that for -- I mean a 25% revenue growth, our cost will grow only at 13%, 14%, right? 
It will not grow proportionately? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So ideally, but then if it stands today, if we take this quarter as a base, already our PAT margin 
is 19%. So ideally, then our PAT margin if we have to look at maybe three years down the line, 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
it should cross 22% to 25% in that range ideally if our revenue grows at 25%, whereas our cost 
grew at only 13%, 14%? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, Deepak. You're absolutely right, the business keeps on expanding margins at gross level as 
we expand and scale but then what happens is, though direct cost would grow at the same level, 
but we keep on growing our cost in sales and marketing and R&D, because as, if you want to 
compete at the global space, right now, our sales and marketing costs are at 22%. If you look at 
global product companies, they go all the way up to 40%, depending on if we can hit the high 
growth. 
So when you look at net margins, it's also a function of business: Am I trying to pre-invest in 
growth? Am I trying to match it along with the growth rate? So sometimes when we see clearly 
that there is an opportunity to grow and invest in markets, then we go and invest in those markets. 
So we increase our sales and marketing and R&D expense. And that's why we are saying that 
being listed in India we endure to at least meet that kind of a margin, but then as a business, of 
course, can deliver much higher margins. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So the net margin of 17% to 18% which you mentioned is considering all these factors, right? I 
mean, in spite of... 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Considering all those factors, yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And $500 million in next five to six years effectively means you have to grow at a CAGR of 
25%-plus for next five to six years, right? So that's what we are looking at? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think much higher than that. And for that, multiple things have to kick in. And I think the GSI 
has to kick in, sales percentage contribution from US and Europe has come to almost 60% of 
the revenue because the larger addressable market is in those areas. And that's what we are 
spending on marketing for expanding regions out there, investing. And those will be the 
investment activities which we will do over next three, four years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that's a very high growth we're talking, I mean, much higher than 25%, maybe if I have to 
assume 30% CAGR over next five to six years. So what can go wrong according to you? I mean 
it's a big growth we're talking sustainably for next six years, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. See, the only thing which can go right is we end up doing it. And everything else can go 
wrong. So I think our ability to penetrate mature market clients, our ability to build brands in 
mature markets. See, I don't see there's a challenge on the technology stack. Our products are 
very well recognized globally for last 14 years. And depending on the kind of customer base we 
have, we are able to stay ahead in the market and really prove our credentials.  
We keep on updating the product at that investment. Our ability to sell, market and position 
ourselves is the biggest challenge. And especially, we have to pivot from emerging market player 
to a mature market player. And there are multiple activities associated. GSI is one initiative and 
we are also looking at multiple initiatives. And at some time maybe we'll have to look at also 
inorganic steps to complement that. 
Deepak Poddar; 
So any kind of inorganic steps also kind of factored in this $500 million that we have taken as a 
vision in next six years? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
So it's a vision. So nothing is left out of it. 
Deepak Poddar:  
So that is kind of, I mean, included in it? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Yes. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
The first question is just, you called out about the Indian business being very strong on the 
growth side. So if you can just elaborate a little bit more as to why we are winning in the Indian 
market? Is it because the banks, etcetera, are becoming more automated, or are we replacing 
somebody else? Some color on that will be helpful? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So one thing is clearly, so India we have been traditionally very strong in all the banks, 
insurance companies and most of the shared services. So almost all enterprises end up using us 
in one way or the other. So what happened basically over the last few years, especially in 
financial services, there's a lot of money being spent on digitization, automation and also 
transforming their business models to digital. So we have been one of their prominent players 
and we are getting our share. Also on the other hand what we are doing, as we are getting into 
any vertical, we keep on extending our portfolio of products in that vertical. So like in banking, 
we started with digital onboarding and lending origination. Now we have gone more-and-more 
into these. Now we are doing complete digital lending journeys from major banks and those 
projects are substantially different sizes. 
And that opportunity is opening in multiple areas at the same time. And we being an incumbent 
out there and having a good relationship with customers, we end up getting an advantage out 
there. So we are competing with the SIs out there, we are competing with international players, 
all financial services players. So it's not that, the competition is quite wide. But I think in Indian 
market, Middle-East market, in financial services we are very-very strong depending on the kind 
of engagements we have done or the kind of relationships we have out there.  
But the market is really opening up and the digital lending is one of the drivers and any other 
area in enterprise where they could digitize which has not been digitized traditionally. Service 
request management is another large area. Trade Finance we've recently launched, and that's 
another area which is picking up. And so these are some areas which are developing the traction. 
Does that answer your question, Rajesh? 
V.P. Rajesh: 
So just if I can summarize. It's not necessarily replacement of other vendors. It's more about 
either the processes being automated or new things or new way of doing business that is coming 
up which is flowing to you, is that a way to understand this? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Exactly. Yes. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then second question is, as one of the participants here was talking about that the funding 
has come down for the start- ups. So globally, are you seeing your competitive landscape 
changing, where some of these start-ups who were coming into your space either have become 
less aggressive in the marketplace or have gone away? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I don't think they will go away. I think the ones which are worthwhile and have a sustainable 
business model will stay and will disrupt the market. And then at some places, we partner with 
them, some places we complement. And one of the things what I have seen at least in the 
financial services, as soon as a partner or an incumbent or a challenger becomes sizable, he gets 
the same, he gets hit by regulation as other structured financial institutions. So all of a sudden, 
the business model again comes back to the same area.  
So I think there is a challenge in terms of smaller entities always disrupting the market. But we 
always find our space either complementing them, augmenting or substituting the same 
capabilities. I don't think that they're going to vanish. I think this change of -- the challenger 
ecosystem, also keeping everybody on the toes, is going to be there in the market. That's what I 
feel. And it's healthy also. They also end up providing us a lot of other ideas what can happen. 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
V.P. Rajesh: 
But incrementally, if you go back one year or 1.5 years back versus today now, would you say 
it has come down, or is it same as what you were experiencing a year ago? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, on the business side, I don't think it was material at least for our business right now. But I 
could say, the noise is less maybe. But yes, I think it has not changed too much for us. The other 
thing is, we are still -- in US and Europe, we are on the fringe. We are not still in the core. We 
are a very small part of the market. So that's where there is a lot of action happening. In 
traditional markets, we are very-very strong and I don't think so far these guys have been able to 
challenges us in larger areas of what we do. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then finally, on the US side and the European side. So what is not going right in the US, for 
example? You said that you are making some changes. Is it the product set that is lacking in 
some ways, or is it the sales and marketing capabilities? What is the thing that you need to fix 
to start increasing the US business because that's the largest market? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think its presence and sales and marketing. Presence in terms of localizing your 
organization, but predominantly sales and marketing, and marketing-led sales rather than sales 
on that. Because it's a product brand. At the end of the day, somebody is buying a platform which 
he's going to use for 20 years. So his ability to be comfortable, knowing the company, analysts, 
recognizing that company in a better shape, a lot of people talking about it is very essential to 
close deals for them. So I would say, the number one is our marketing-led sales, and number 
two is going to be typically much more deeper presence in markets. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And in terms of your retention, what is the retention you're experiencing in the subscribers in 
your SaaS business? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think what, the way we look at retention is any customer which is above INR 50 lakhs 
of annuity to us, whether it's a SaaS or non-SaaS. We almost have 95-99% retention in those 
cases. There's a churn if customers which are smaller come into channel partners and all. So 
SaaS, since US customers were smaller size, some of them, so there has been an element of 
churn. But still we have more than 90% retention on that level. But globally if you look at non-
SaaS customers and our enterprise customers, larger ones, we almost have 100% retention. We 
don't have losing too much out there. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers, sir. I have a few board questions. Last five years, what 
strategically we changed in our business model, like coming into -- since we listed in market to 
streamline the processes which earlier were not there? In conjunction to the ballpark vision of 
reaching $500 million turnover we have in mind. So can you just throw some strategic highlights 
on that? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So Chirag, last five years or more continuously what has happened, but I can tell you 
specifically what we have done slightly in last three years, and that is the time line when we 
started working on the GSI. And the idea was not working on GSI. The idea was to find a way 
to enter Fortune 2000 market, and that could not be directly only sales-led.  
I think we have invested a lot on creating the GSI enabling ecosystem, which is typically a GSI 
sales team out of India which is working with relationships, competence center, practices sets of 
software. And we have augmented those sales teams out there, so it's whole enablement, training, 
certification model for that. So a lot of investments has happened in that. And that's a framework 
which will continue to give us returns over next many-many years, because at whatever speed 
the GSI grows or the partner ecosystem grows, we'll keep on leveraging that framework.  
The other thing is we have started increasing our investment in mature markets. We're opening 
up the Australia subsidiary, strengthening the UK subsidiary. Extending the enterprise sales team 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
in US, those will need some other initiatives. And third have been predominantly about looking 
at positioning, branding and the product, which is typically to look at how the product, so we 
are recently coming up with the next, very happy that probably we'll be releasing it in this week, 
one of the products which is typically to address a lot of concerns around or opportunities of our 
mature markets in terms of what people expect of the product, both of the user interfaces, 
compliances, regulations. 
So I think a lot of -- so I will say if you summarize, more-and-more preparing ourselves for 
mature markets and finding ways to really succeed out there. That is where the investment. On 
the other hand, to protect ourselves and to grow strong in our traditional markets we have gone 
deep into the creating multiple verticals within the same business segment. So banking we came 
and prepared digital lending products, collection, service request management. Insurance we got 
more deep out there.  
So working on two things. One is wherever we have a named account strategy, we know what 
we are selling, we are going very deep in those verticals and trying to protect our market share 
out there, expand within the same accounts and get more accounts. And on the mature market, 
really investing in sales, marketing, GSI ecosystem improvement, product, brand. And I'll stop 
there. Yes. Does that help? 
Moderator: 
The current participant has left the question queue. We'll move on to the next question from the 
line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Sanil Sarang: 
My first question is, in general, how the situation in US and Europe right now considering the 
ongoing macro events, apart from us walking away from the deals of long-term focus in the US. 
And on the same line, if you could provide what percentage of EMEA, Europe? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Sure. I think I'll answer the second one, it's easier. So EMEA for us actually is 
predominantly Middle East, Africa. Europe is very small. I think we just grew roughly around 
$3 million of revenue in Europe just that too also in London with a few clients. So Europe, we 
are completely starting our journey. US is roughly around 27% to 30% of our global revenue. 
So first of all, generally, in Europe, we have seen there is a slowdown. And especially coming, 
the feedback coming from our system integrators or partners, we are finding it challenging. 
They're really looking at how to optimize right now their operations. US, I would say, we are 
still in the account profiles which are very small, and I think they have been sleeping in the 
pandemic era and they have not even come back after that. And so that area. 
But on the larger account size, where -- I think there has been a -- at least last three quarters, 
there has been a kind of conversation about that there is probably a recession around the corner. 
They need to optimize. They need to go slow on that. Has it affected our business? I wouldn't 
say that, because our share of the business is so small. And I think our own actions right now 
determine our outcome rather than the overall global market. 
Sanil Sarang: 
So my second question is, when can we see the net DSOs going down, because in the last quarter 
it was told that it could stabilize soon, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think we have done that journey of taking it from 200 days to 110 days, 115 days. And 
next phase of our endeavor is to bring it to sub-90 days, roughly around that. And what you're -
- so when I break this problem into multiple regions, we have sort it out for most of the geos 
apart from Middle East and Africa. These are the only geos. Since it's a large territory, it's 
affecting us still. 
So I think slightly, it has slightly shifted on the upward because of -- one is, of course, the higher 
revenue being clocked in last two quarters, but also on account of some amount of inability to 
travel in those regions. And again, the currency fluctuation is happening in Africa over last 1.5 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
years. I think we are looking very strongly on that and I'm sure as soon as we are able to get the 
EMEA under control, I think we should be able to get a much stronger number all across. I 
would say in next two years, I think we should be there. 
Sanil Sarang: 
 
Probably in two years, is it 90? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Yes. 
Sanil Sarang: 
So my last question is, also what is your exposure to UAE in general? Just to understand the 
impact you could potentially have in case corporate tax is imposed in the region. And any 
comment on that? Are we in tax-free zone or anything of that sort? 
Virender Jeet: 
We are in tax-free zone out there. I think there is none right now because most of the building, 
it's a branch office in UAE. So right now in the existing contracts, there is no taxation. But we 
are also looking at localizing in both UAE and Saudi in a period of time and we should be able 
to come in the taxation. And if there's a taxation, we don't think there's a substantial impact on 
that. So right now, see, our UAE and Africa region is quite distributed. There is no single region 
which is giving us. So we are having business in Dubai. We are having large business in Saudi, 
Qatar, Oman and then other territories as well. But I don't have the numbers of exactly which 
territory. Maybe if you can contact Deepti, she can send that details. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from ithought PMS. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. One was, sir, can you share, what are your gross margins in nine 
months FY '23? 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Yes. I think it should be around 65%. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Is it possible to probably share that, I mean, in the presentation as well? I mean, you shared the 
employee costs, and that would also include R&D and also I think some bit of sales and 
marketing. So if it's possible to separate that out and just to because as you explained earlier, 
probably as more subscription business becomes greater, then probably gross margin, it's easier 
to track that gross margin evolution for us from the outside. So if you can share? 
Virender Jeet: 
Sure. I think we can, okay, I'll ask Deepti to look at that and see that we can present it. Yes, I 
think you're right. Historically, see, we have been in this range of between 60% to 65%. And 
you're right, as we get into more in subscription and more annuity businesses, it will keep on 
expanding. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And sir, second question was on your US and more advanced market strategy. So in these 
markets, I mean, how are we going, how are we trying to go after the markets? And you 
mentioned that marketing is something that you need to work on. But in terms of the customers, 
are we targeting the Tier 1 customers, or you're first going after the smaller customers and then 
eventually going to those larger customers? If you can share a bit around that, that will be also 
useful? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So I think US, we don't have one strategy. We have multiple strategies. So in certain core 
verticals where we know exactly what the customer wants, we go directly to the end accounts, 
which is what we call a direct sales strategy. So like in banking, typically Tier 2 and Tier 3 
banks, we have a direct sales strategy. So we go and we know exactly whether we are going to 
do a digital lending journey out there, an origination or any other solution out there. So this is 
where we have a direct sales team which is distributed across different regions in US and they're 
trying to enter these accounts. 
For Tier 1 accounts, other accounts which are larger accounts, we are going through the GSI 
strategy, where we are saying that the GSI is already an incumbent, they have worked on 

 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
multiple projects with us across geos. Now if there's an opportunity either which they bring in 
or we are able to sense, then we can always go with the partner. So between, enterprise sales of 
GSI strategy, and other is the banking sales strategy. So we have these two strategies going on 
in parallel, and we are continuously refining them so that they deliver. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And sir, on this GSI one question was that you mentioned a couple of times in this call that it's 
going a bit slower than what your expectation was. So one question is why is it slow? And 
second, is there something that you can do to change, or is it just a normal evolution that it will 
take some time for it to deliver? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. So question is, first of all, why? If I had answers, I would have sorted it out. But what we 
are doing, we are not happy with that doesn't mean that we'll reconcile to that. So we recently 
did a exercise with a lot of consulting companies to look at outdoing, borrow a GSI strategy. 
We're adopting those changes. We are also looking at complementing the whole strategy with 
our own brand presence, our own aggressive marketing in US. 
See, what happens for product companies. It's a general trend that at around size of $300 million, 
$400 million, 60%, 70% of the revenue is partner-led or what you call GSI has been partner-led. 
So we'll have to go and replicate that. So whatever we are investing is the right path to grow. So 
there's no way that we can slow it down. We have to find ways of aggressively pursuing it and 
getting returns out of it. So this is not in one of the strategies. So this is the more prevalent sales 
go-to-market strategy coming in next three, four, five years. So we'll have to find a way to really 
escalate it.  
Now we do get roughly around nine to 10 logos a year. Now we could be very happy or 
disappointed. That depends on whatever end aspirations are. So our aspirations are very high. 
That's why we are not happy with that. But getting 10 logos to GSI is also a good feat. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh for closing comments. 
Deepti Chugh: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining in. For any further queries, you can connect with me 
or you can go to our website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Newgen Software Technologies Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
