Stock Symbol -540047 
Stock Symbol _DBL
Scrip code ofListed NCD: 95952S/9S9&3
subiecu Audio call recording link and transcript ofthe Analysts / tnstitutional Investors Meetints
In continuation to our letter dated March 14,2023, please find enclosed herewith tie Audio recording link and
transcript for the Analysts/lnstitutional Investors Meetings under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and bisclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 held on Tuesday, March 14, 2023 at 0z.oopM, c;nducied thriugh digital means.
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website ofthe Company i.e.
This is foryour information and record.
With Regards,
Sincerelyyours,
For, Dilip Buildcon Limited
March 17,2023
To
BSE Limited
Listing Department
P,J Tower, Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400001
Abhishek Shrivastava
Company Secretary
Encli Audio call recording link and transcripL
DILIP BUILDCON LIMITED
INFRASTRUCTU RE & BEYOND
To
National Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051
Regd, ffice:
Plot No. 5, lnside Govind Narayan Singh Gate,
Chuna Bhatti, Kolar Road, Bhopal - 462 016 (M'P)
Ph. : 0755-4029999, Fax : 0755-4029998
E-mail : db@dilipbuildcon.co.in, Website : www'dilipbuildcon'com
tSO 9001:2015
ON No. 145201MP2006P1C018689
https: //www.dilipbuildcon.com /wps/portal /dbl/investors/shareholders-centre
ffiw
a
Abhishek 
Shrivastava
Digitally signed by Abhishek 
Shrivastava 
Date: 2023.03.17 17:07:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
Investor/Analyst Meeting 
 
March 14, 2023 
 
 
“Incred Capital Investor Conference Call” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHAN SURYAVANSHI – HEAD STRATEGY AND 
PLANNING 
 
 
 
 
 

Rajarshi Maitra:  
Few more will join in a few minutes. So good afternoon everyone. So this is 
Rajarshi Maitra from Incred Capital, welcoming you all to incredible India building 
resilience conference. We are thankful to the corporates who are participating in 
this conference. In this meeting, we are hosting Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi, Head of 
Strategy and Planning at Dilip Buildcon. The investor participants with the Mr. 
Nikhil Chowdhary from Kriis PMS, Jainam Doshi from Kriis Portfolio, Chinmaya 
Garg from Dron Capital, Chinmayi from MoneyBee Investment Advisors, Harsh 
Mudgal from Green Portfolio, Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS, Kapil Malhotra 
from Tata Mutual Fund and Saif Gujar from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. Please 
note that this meeting is being recorded for compliance reasons. I now invite the 
management, Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi for his opening comments post which will 
have the Q&A for the team. 
Rohan Suryavanshi:  
Thank you, Rajarshi Sir. I welcome all the participants who are here today, it's an 
honor and a pleasure to speak to all of you some that I may know from before 
and some that I'm having the first opportunity to speak to but nonetheless very, 
very happy to speak to you and to share with you what we're doing here at DBL. 
Let me first give you a little background about me and company. So I'm a second 
generation into the business. I've been involved with the company for over a 
decade now. I primarily look at strategy and planning aspects of the company. 
And I've been doing that ever since my MBA. For the company, so we are DBL, 
we're based out of Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. It was founded by my father Mr. 
Dilip Suryavanshi ji, our headquarters is in Bhopal itself. Originally my father was 
in civil engineering started the construction firm with the idea of doing building 
such that was the norm at that point of time kept on doing that, from 80s till end 
of 90s. He kept primarily focused on building construction, because that was 
major thing happening at that point of time, infrastructure that we see today. 
Public infrastructure had not really began in that phase and manner as we see 
today. In the early 2000s he switched into road sector and started this first project 
and started growing that business. So today, I mean, starting from notes today 
we do all sorts of public infra’s we do roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, water 
supply projects, dams, metros, urban development projects, mining etc. So we do 
the whole gamut of infrastructure today, and it's a fairly diversified. So while 
roads continues to be a mainstay, which is about 50% of our order book. The 
other things, basically the other 50% that we do. So we basically do both EPC and 
beauty. In beauty primarily, we only do HAM projects. So we don't usually like to 
take revenue risk. So that has not been our model, we like to have like a sort, 
stable kind of revenue model. So we do a mix of both EPC and HAM. And our 
business model has forever been to do our own projects by our own people using 
our own equipment. So we've built our own homogenous equipment fleet. We've 
about confirmed 30,000 people working full time for the company to do this. And 
we have spread across 20 states today to working in almost every major state in 
India except Kashmir in North and Kerala in South and the Northeast, besides that 
we've either working or have worked in all the other states in India. So doing that 
in terms of the road sector, we probably the largest road construction company 

in the country. And overall infrastructure probably second only to L&T but 
obviously it's a huge difference, too. But that's what we do. And primarily what 
we were known for is for our execution capability and we were able to do projects 
before time. Obviously COVID has definitely punctured that for all of us and 
projects went because of the COVID and because of a model. We also took a few 
vets on the chin. So we are in the process of cleaning up all those, finishing all 
those projects and looking for work towards a better future. So the current order 
book is about 26,500 crores. We are currently around that kind of it. And with all 
those that I mentioned, that's the brief about the company, I think it'd be better 
to go forward because I think most of you already know, this part of the company, 
I think we can have like more robust discussions with people asking whatever 
questions they have. And I'll try my best to answer it now. And in case I have short 
on any facts and figures, I'll get my team connected with you in future. Thank you. 
Rajarshi Maitra:  
Thank you, Mr. Rohan. So now, with that, we can start with the Q&A session. So 
if any of the participants have any questions, please go ahead. You can also use 
your raise hand icon and then go ahead as you wish. So by when come to 
participants to ask their questions right. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So I'll start with the first question that we have basically from our clients. So sir, 
can you help us with order flow expectation & impact in FY24? And how will your 
focus be in the coming years? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sure. So, our order flow expectation, even for this coming financial year, would 
be in the range of 10,000 to 15,000 crores, that is what we have targeted even 
this year, to get coated about 10,000 to 12,000 crores of orders that we will do. 
So we are in that range only. And we suspect, there might still be some more 
orders because now NHAI is also in the process of opening a lot of tenders. So 
let's see how that pans out. Otherwise, there is a huge pipeline that NHAI and 
MORTH, especially in the road sector that they've done besides the other sector 
that we look at. So we're expecting them, if not, by end of March, they will start 
they will open up in the first quarter of next year. So total order flow for next 
year, we're targeting is about 10,000 to 15,000 crore growth, given the growth 
that we're expecting in terms of revenue, and the order book that we will need 
to continue. See our idea has always been to keep an order book visibility of two 
and a half years to three years that kind of want to build visibility that we always 
kind of knew that. So at our top line about 10,000 crores, anything between 
25,000 to 3000 crores of orders to have fun in here is a good order flow, that's 
the kind of order that we want. So 10,000 to 15,000 crores of orders will do for 
us. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Rohan sir, related topic on the order flow lead. But one observation that I have is 
as we come close to the general elections, usually the focus on awarding new 
projects, it kind of tapers off and it only picks up after the elections. The results 
come out and the new Government with a five year visibility they come back. So 
do you expect something similar, this time round as well that maybe the ordering 

will taper down after let's say a five six month period as the elections draw close 
draw near. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So you very right. Usually in an election year we see a dip and then the order flow 
picks up again. The Government has for this time announced a never ever before 
kind of 10 lakh crore of investment in infrastructure. So obviously, they will be 
trying to do most of it in front ending it because I'm guessing the general elections 
are in May of 2024. And I think like by December's kinds, they should be like 
pushing for most of the orders by December or January because then the 
Government employees kind of get caught up in the election duties and 
everything else, so I think it should be heavier. I don't know the exact sort of how 
many orders will get awarded or not. But what is also unique about this budget 
and usually also election year we see Government pausing on infra spending like 
even in the budget and they will kind of start focusing on some of the other or 
like also put primacy on other things. But at least just budget like a jump from last 
year's seven lakh crores to now ten lakh crores like role of infra investment shows 
that they are more focused on building long term infrastructure. So, while it 
should but I think there should be enough orders that should come in. See, the 
other thing that has happened in the sector is that competition intensity has 
definitely increased over the last few years. What happened way back in 2014, 
when the Government first came to this Government came to power, we had just 
gotten, a lot of infra companies were reeling under a lot of different issues, and 
the bigger players of yesteryears were no more competing in bids. So the first 
five, six years of on like the first tenure of the BJP Government, basically, there 
was much docile competition intensity, because a lot of players of our size, 
whether it's any of our peer groups companies, which are listed all of us are much 
smaller in size. But we had a big grand runway to grow, because there was no one 
above us and the ones below us very small. Now, the ones who are acting as 
subcontractors to a lot of my peers that should also grown in size. On top of that 
state Governments are not ordered as much as national Government has kept on 
increasing the order book. So they have started participating more and more in 
the National Government orders. So while order book has increased, they've also 
seen competitive intensity increase in projects. So those are two things that have 
happened. Also, the Government after COVID had brought in some reductions in 
the bidding sort of criteria, which increased the competition, but then the 
Government realized that, basically, they were ordering more, but the projects 
are not getting off the ground, because of this reduction in things. There were 
people who probably should not have gotten some of the projects, but they got 
it, which is why you saw highway construction, the kilometers per year that was 
being constructed, which has dimmed in the last 1 and a half year also, which was 
continuously growing. So that also happened. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Okay. So on the I mean, so the next obvious question that comes up, since you 
spoke about competition and how earlier there used to be in the first five years 
of BJP, you had a situation of low competition, now it has increased. So now going 

forward, we're coming to the margins, so understand the opportunities there in 
terms of execution for the entire sector. But do you see structurally that the 
margins for the industry, actually, more importantly, the margins for you, Dilip 
Buildcon, can come under pressure because of this aspect of higher competition 
than let's say what you had seen earlier? And on the related question about your 
margin profile, if I see over the last three, four quarters, it is significantly lower 
than what we what we are used to, for the Dilip Buildcon history. So where do 
you think it will stabilize? How do you what is your view on margins for your 
company and the industry? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sure, absolutely. So, we definitely realized, even like four or five years ago, as we 
were growing, we had ambitions to grow bigger. So we realized that there will 
obviously be a certain plateau in terms of ordering that will come and also relate 
intensity, as the sector is increasing in size, more and more competitive intensity 
will happen in this sector. So we started diversifying into different sectors before 
this only so some of the other sectors that we diversified into the more the 
competition has been much more docile. So because our order book is now 50:50 
it is not compulsory for me to do a road project only if my equipment is mostly 
fungible. So we ended up doing it and even the sectors that we diversified into 
the idea was that wherever our equipment are fungible, we should be looking at 
diversifying and doing those kinds of projects. So that is one that for us, we saw 
that and that's why we kind of did. Obviously, none of us saw or thought 
something like COVID to do with our model of fixed costs where we had our own 
people and our own equipment. Obviously, when a project went from two to 
three years, that one year of additional cost we had never calculated and thought. 
And the Government obviously is not compensating players for that. The guys 
who are subcontractors we removed those people or reduce those and got them 
away. For our case we continued having those fixed costs, so that impacted the 
margins. Also, earlier what used to happen was they were these early completion 
bonuses that the company continued to get. So for us as a company we won 
about 600 crore early completion bonus. So that used to add another one and a 
half to 2% to our bottom line which is the direct addition. Besides it the indirect 
effect of early completion, which is when you do a two year project in a year and 
a half, the six months of savings of whether it's interest, whether it's equipment, 
EMI, whether it's manpower, demand for manpower costs, all those, I used to 
add another 2%, two and a half percent, at least to our bottom line. Now, both 
those components, we use to have margin the range of 16% to 18%. So, now 
obviously, because of that, we've seen a reduction of all of that, and along with 
it, because the hits that we took, so there was obviously been some margin 
shrink. But what is happening now is that we are in the process of completing the 
older projects, we're also in the process of monetizing the projects that we have. 
So the older sort of projects that HAM projects and all that we're doing, we are 
monitoring them, so we are getting a decent sort of value, including that. So that 
will all as that money keeps coming in, all of that will help shore us up, make good 
for some of the older things, and then the new projects as they're getting online, 

the margin will improve. So for us, I think we've given the guidance about 12 to 
13%, for this year of EBIDTA, which is obviously lower from before, but I 
mentioned because some of these things. Also what's happened, Rajarshi and 
everyone else earlier, five, seven years ago, when the Government was making 
some of these roads, they were doing, relatively plainer simpler roads today, 
whenever you go to see a highway, there are so many flyovers, their vehicle under 
passes, there is parallel a safety. So, let's say six years ago, eight years ago, that 
was building 100 kilometers, it had less items that were being that we had to look 
or do into today, the items and things and the amount of luxury that has been 
increased. But the time that is being given is the same kind of thing. So basically, 
the number of things that you're doing is also kind of increased in terms of the 
complexity of projects has increased, even though there's, so that also makes it 
much more difficult for not just for us, but even for others as well. So you will find 
lesser of that, early completion bonuses for most companies happening. So you'll 
have to find, do and make sure that your own costs much better. So that those 
are what we're kind of focusing on. And other sectors that we do, there is no early 
completion bonus involved, like whether there is nothing in the metro or 
integration project, or mining, we don't have any of those bonuses. So obviously, 
we've kind of accounted for all of those things as well and thought about it. Idea 
and agenda always kind of do better. So we won't do so being in sort of regime 
of high inflation of late. So that is also kind of all the inflation doesn't get passed, 
you always account for certain things based on past track record, given that has, 
it has crossed some of those limits, we have those things, but I think the number 
that we have quoted earlier also in the public, or the disclosers, we feel like we 
should be able to do that. And for the rest of the industry, I think it might be a bit 
more difficult for people who are just focusing on one sector or people are 
focusing on one state, because even if those guys who focused on one state or 
sector have invariably now had to move out beyond their comfort zones or areas, 
whether it's number of states geography or trying to look at other opportunities, 
but if you're looking to grow. If they're not, or if they're just looking to be at that 
same level, then I guess even within that, there are definitely challenges. But 
that's basically what it is that currently.  
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Okay. You said something interesting that the plain vanilla projects versus let's 
say, the more complex ones, for example, you had organized a site visit to your 
Zuari Project Goa some years back. Obviously, that is more complex, I mean it 
would be the take pride of place once completed, obviously. Now my question is, 
is it a case that these complex projects, the percentage margins are lower? And 
what makes up for it is more the size of the project? I mean, it's a little 
counterintuitive, because you would think that the more complex the project, 
you would actually get better margins in those projects. On I mean normally so 
what are your views on that aspect? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So the margins are always based on the bidding that you do, like how many 
people are doing and that so you always account for that you always obviously 

building more comforts and like you try and have more cushion around. And 
ultimately, whether you win it and both levels or not that we want to determine 
what it is. So it's not I'm not saying it for, like specificity complexes, I'm saying in 
general, even like, just recently, the honorable Prime Minister sir, when opened 
or inaugurated one of the highways that we put away pretty desperate for us, 
Bangalore - Mysore, as a project, we just, he just opened up shared pictures on 
his Twitter. And when you look at those pictures, you realize, the quality and the 
kind of infrastructure that is being built in India is of a very different level now 
from what you should see maybe 10 years ago, and a lot of effort and a lot of 
thought has been put into even security and safety kinds of things, which was not 
there, because India has one of the highest incidence of road dead in the world, 
not one of them is in fact, actually the highest. So, obviously, it is of great 
importance for the Government to look at all those things, which is why earlier 
what used to happen whenever there was a village, they would not be a vehicle 
underpass, and or people would cross the road and main highways and those will 
cause action towards animals will do that. So now there are underpasses and all 
those overpasses being built, just to avoid all of those kinds of situations. So those 
kinds of things, those come at additional cost. There is more work that you need 
to do to do that kind of thing that I was saying that while those things have 
increased, it's not like the time has greatly been changed or increased in terms of 
contract timing. So hence, I was talking about it even in general projects, it's just 
there are much more items and things to do now, and which is why a lot of the 
smaller players have struggled to open up and do projects on time because what 
was happening in state projects, the same level of work, the same, complexity is 
not there as much unless you're building like  expressway for a state, whenever 
you bring somebody in the corridor, you do go to expressway or some of those 
marquee once that's different, but the regular PWD projects in our state do not 
have that kind of they don't have those kinds of complexities. So that's why 
players who bid, they didn't realize that all of those things are also happening. So 
they're also aligning themselves. So this is some of that fraud battle happening 
right now. And players will then realize, I guess, after some time, how those things 
will work and things will normalize. 
Rajarshi Maitra:  
Okay. One other aspect, so you spoke about the completion bonus, which used 
to be 1.5% to 2% off the bottom line. Now, I understand that as of now, the 
situation is this that because of COVID, because of various delays, the current 
order book, it might not be possible to get that early completion bonus. Also, you 
mentioned that in other sectors other than roads, there is no concept of early 
completion bonus. But what about, let's say after these projects get exhausted in 
let's say, FY25? Or FY26? I mean, do you expect this to be a permanent feature, 
the lack of completion bonus in the roads space, even going forward two years 
out. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, so it's not a lack of completion bonus in the road sector. So earlier what used 
to happen, we used to be one of the only ones who was winning completion 

bonus, then a couple of other players also won in select projects. And this was 
not the norm, you've got would be bidding 20 projects and getting it in one or 
two. But even that, the unfortunate bit within I think, our Government system is 
that whenever they feel that there is something additional that a contractor is 
making. The idea behind an early completion bonus, was to get people to do work 
before time. Because if you look at historical data, and this is tabled in the 
parliament as well all the projects that were done all the large infrastructure 
projects that were done from 1995 to 2015 report tabled in 2016 around this 
2016 or 2017 the sustainment of all the breaks down into those 20 years 83% 
projects had gone into delay and cost of 1000scrores of losses to the Government 
83% projects. So only 17% projects were done on time. So when there is so much 
delay and so much loss of public money that is happening, it is better to 
incentivize someone to be able to do work before rather than be thinking oh, this 
is an additional, sort of bonus that someone made all of us as business guys are 
doing this only because we want to make margin that we are motivated to make 
additional margin that is how capitalism and how human nature works. But the 
Government in between realized or felt that Oh, no, we need to like make this a 
bit much more difficult. So they kind of kind of went on that track that they were 
like second guessing or the number of the time that were given. So they've tried 
to make it a bit more difficult on that and like I said, they have gone with that 
singular metrics, they've not looked at a holistic safety, okay. It's not just and 
we've seen, it's not just that the project. It's not just the complex, like, they just 
weren't that Oh, last time, if five years ago, we used to give 100 Kilometer project 
for two year’s timeline, we should give 100 Kilometer project for two years’ time 
or even right now, without thinking and knowing that, oh, there's so many 
flyovers that are coming if there is a railway bridge happening, a railway bridge, 
sir, to seek permission from railway, that alone takes six months to get that 
permission and everything else in place. So all those things that happen, they 
there is a whole process that you need to account for before you get a permission, 
you can't do the work, because permission India also take a certain amount of 
time. So there is it's a very cookie cutter approach rather than a more boutique 
and a more thoughtful approach in that they're doing it more widely like that. So 
long term, I don't know how the industry will do. It's a cyclical industry, once they 
face certain losses in like the Government themselves realize that this is not 
working. They might change their approach, just like how they did when they first 
reduced the criteria for bidding and then they realize this was working 
counterintuitive to them, they kind of brought colder criteria, or made it higher 
again. So those things is very difficult to predict how the Government behavior 
will be. So I can't really comment how long term things should be. But that's 
anyone's guess right now, I guess. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Thank you, Mr. Rohan. So for now, let's set back in the queue. There are a few 
questions from some participants. Let's hear about that. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sure. So thank you. 

Dipen Vakil:  
Thank you, sir. So, we have one next question from Saif Gujar. So he has asked 
about he has inquired about the order pipeline, and he sees like, going ahead, 
what do you see how the order pipeline would be for water supply, irrigation, and 
Metro? So that was his first question. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
What is the order book?  
Dipen Vakil: 
 
Yeah, so what is the order pipeline? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So the new orders for Metro is a state subject. So always whenever we're looking 
at, we keep looking at different states, the good thing is there are a lot of metros 
being built across the country, in every state under the smart city and everything 
else, but there's lots happening there. So there's a decent amount of things that 
we do are looking at that. The Metro work for us is quite similar to our flyover 
work, the equipment that we have and how we do it. So we're focusing primarily 
on that. So there's a reason that and for different states, I don't have the handle 
on each state numbers right now, also, we do not share that detail publicly as 
well. Because it could talk about where we all are looking at, but there is decent, 
whatever we need it we already have for you know, training our equipment and 
everything else we do it but we have constantly on the recovery. In terms of 
education, different states are coming up with more and more irrigation projects, 
a lot of them supported by the center as well and the Jal scheme. So we are we 
are looking at that we recently won something in Madhya Pradesh. Well, we are 
looking at more projects that are coming in that. So that's also an area of 
excitement for us. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you so much. So I think his second question was not mortally on judgment 
mission on me, which you mentioned. So he was inquiring if the project's predict 
awarding and delamination have been have they been exhausted or picked out? 
Are there still more to come? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
No, there is a lot happening in irrigation  because different states that are asking 
and taking that there is decent amount of work that's happening in that and even 
in I think the current budget is when the Government talks about it. So I think 
there is it's not like its completely exhausted because the Government is keep 
there is getting potable water, we household building all those from water 
suppliers to tanks or a tanks to getting piped water. So there is a there is a huge 
amount of work that the company wants to do in that. I don't see that ending or 
exhausting anytime in a country as large as ours. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you so much. So one follow up question from my side. So when you were 
talking about the other sector and apart from roads, so where do you see the 
most opportunity coming in which sector in the coming years, like whether it will 
be from water supply, metro or some irrigation or some other. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So it won't be like a one thing, because it will always have to be a mix of things 
that are happening. So, like we are excited about all these things are out. I mean 

every sector that we entered. We saw that okay at that point of time it fit some 
of the criteria that we had for ourselves with. Whether it was cool location, 
whether it meant like it had similar equipment that was needed to do it, or we 
saw that there was a pipeline of city pipeline, what is coming in. So we do see. At 
any given year they might be something might be more than the other. It will all 
be the same zip code, but there might be some ups and downs. Mining is one 
area that we started a while ago. We are fairly happy with that sector. And now 
we want 2 large NDO’s and we've started work on both of them, which is very, 
very things, so that both of them, in their full revenue capacity, will add more 
than 2,000 crores of top line to us, and those are long term contracts. So as the 
company we wanted to mix of both long term contracts and short term contracts. 
So I think every company will have a different goal and a different idea for us, 
whatever our goals are, and we are trying to kind of align our strategy to meet all 
those goals. And win those projects in that area, so having, like a long-term 
contract like MDO contract, gives us all like the revenue, is already for a long time 
and avoids us. You know that constant competition in a sector. You know that 
you are doing that, and that revenue will be stable, and you'll keep coming. There 
is a takeaway by the Government. So then, those are fairly well balanced 
contracts. And with docile competition, not everyone will want to get in it 
because a lot of these mines are looking in area which are a lot of other socio-
political problems, whether it might be an accelerate problem whether it might 
be something else, but because of that not everyone wants to go there and get 
their hands dirty. 
Dipen Vakil: 
 
Thank you sir, that was very much helpful. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Rohan sir, I have a question, I suppose it's important for any infrastructure 
company. The aspect of the leverage. So the financial leverage of the company. 
Now, obviously one can deal with the leverage situation, either by raising equity 
or by divesting some assets like Dilip Buildcon has in the past. You have divested 
certain assets, hybrid activity projects or the other. The last ways obviously to 
increase the revenues and the profits in the company which provides a better 
interest, cover, etc. So if you could tell us a little about your plans over, let's say, 
the next 2, 3 years on all of these things equity raising, asset sale and also 
increasing the top line and the profits of the company. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So we have always identified ourselves primarily as an EPC company. So even 
when we do PPP projects, it is to enable our EPC to do that. So which is why, 
whenever we do like a Ham project idea is to build it to good quality and then 
monetize it. That is what we have been doing successfully in the past. We've done 
it 2 times already first time we sold a batch of 24 asset projects. And now we have 
sold 13 projects, 10 to flem and 3 to cube, so our idea is always to keep monetizing 
projects as they get built, and keep you rechurning that equity. So when you talk 
about leverage, there are 2 kind of leverages. One is a standalone level. One is 
the consolidated leverage. On the standalone level there is 2 leverage that the 
company takes. One is the working capital leverage, and the second is the 

equipment leverage, because we buy our own equipment. Because we have 
made a public commitment, and that we will not be investing in heavy equipment 
and the level and the manner that we used to in the past, because earlier we used 
to be buying 5, 7, crores of equipment in a given year. We were growing also in 
that phase and we're doing everything. So we have a gross. So equipment book 
of about 4,000 crores of gross. This thing net like it will be much lower, obviously. 
But those equipment now, since we are not investing in equipment any or like, 
we're only doing like we've mentioned like for the next 2, 3 years, we're only 
looking to put somewhere 40 to 60 crores of equipment, which is more of a 
replacement capex it is not more. So by the end of this 24 financial year, our 
equipment debt would be all paid off. The only working capital debt right now 
current, debt-to-equity is about 0.66 or 0.67 somewhere in that zip code. Once 
we complete all our equipment like next year, we' not buying, and we pay it off. 
This will all further drop, even. Furthermore, so that's on the standalone level. 
And we'll continue to keep reducing it like the leverage like that on the standalone 
level. On the consolidated level the only debt that we take is for the asset, the 
VPP Assets, the Ham projects. In that our model is very simple that as soon as you 
build the project we keep selling them. Also, it's important to know that we do 
not take a revenue risk, so all our projects are very well kind of funded, so they 
are all automatically. They make money, and they're servicing everything on their 
own, and that has always been the case, because in an annuity project you can't 
also take a lender for a ride as used to happen in the toll projects where you 
would give ghost revenue numbers. So from a consolidated level, like even right 
now, when we let go of these 10 projects. As soon as the 51% shareholding gets 
transferred to the by, which is Shrem. In this case all that level it will go off our 
books, so we will see reduction of 3-4,000 crores of debt, or whatever is that 
actual number, so some of that will reduce from our book as soon as those 
projects go out. Definitely, we keep seeing, reducing to just and capital we keep 
seeing we are our ideas, the producing leverage. The next 2, 3 is even the 
standalone one completely bring it to a much lower level from where it is that 
already maybe in that kind of point 2, 5, or something like that. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Any immediate plans on any form, plans of asset sales. Now that is happening, or 
is it something that is your thought process, but there is nothing to announce as 
of now. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So the plan of is always as soon as we keep completing. So, besides the ones that 
we've already to Shrem. There are now another new bunch of projects that we 
can complicated. So we have started conversations with other players, and the 
people who are interested in buying those as well. So we will continue to keep 
monetizing those assets as they keep getting completed. So whenever there is 
something that happens in complete. We obviously update the market 
participants whenever there is something that happens. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
And in terms of interest from these buyers of these assets. So you have been, I 
mean, like you mentioned, your business model, has been to keep divesting 

assets as and when completed you look at yourself as a pure EPC company. So 
from the interest side, do you see that the interest over the last let's, say the 5-7 
years it's increased. It's in purchasing these hybrid annuity assets. So once 
completed, or has it gone down over the last few years. How do you see the 
environment in terms of buyers for your assets. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
That's definitely increased. I mean, if I look at 2014, 15 & 2016, there was less 
interest in assets. A lot of companies are also going for a lot of the problem. And 
we didn't have enough buyers there. Today we have a lot of people who are 
looking at it, and because of the whole invit, regulation and model. There is a very 
the reed, and then it is a very safe and secure vehicle for investors who are looking 
to part long term or more looking at long term, return with the stable cash flows 
because those are very tax efficient as well. So I think more and more companies 
are looking at that. I think what is needed for this sector to further expand is, if 
there are better regulations from like right now we have, the EPFO which is seeing 
recording flows. We have the insurance companies which have a lot of capital, 
but they're not able. And this is domestic patient, long term capital, but they're 
they haven't been able to invest in this asset class so much because the 
regulations are not conducive. So I think there is some bit of education, some bit 
of Government intervention, all of that that will be needed like even mutual 
funds, currently the way they structured. And now SEBI expect them to disclose 
their sort of NAV. All those things obviously have not led to that growth. 
Otherwise, I think all of this is a matter of time given that they're already foreign 
guys like think about the NHAI invit. We had foreign guys buying 50% of that invit 
who are looking for foreign pension funds, while in Indian Pension funds could 
not, because of the regulation not being. So, I think, as the Government realizes 
and as these guys also realize the regularity, for whether it's insurance regulator, 
or whether it's a pension from regulator on for mutual fund JV, as they realize 
more and more this product becomes more broad-based, I think the need for 
such long-term assets with long-term fixed revenue. Especially annuity the 
Government of India Revenue security scheme, stream that you are getting for 
the next 15 years. When you buy a Government bond you buying it at 7 and a half 
to 8 rate now. You buy HI bond last, I think, NHAI when they issued bond at 8 and 
a half, or something like that. So this is kind of similar kind of thing, but you're 
getting it a much better return. So I think obviously, the interest of getting right 
now the invertors that we speak to, the larger houses, the larger pension fund, to 
the larger buyers, are actually struggling to find good assets in bulk like they may, 
and they don't want to deal with the smaller companies who have one or 2 or 3 
or 4 assets. They want to deal, larger where they can cut a $500 million check, or 
a $300 or something like that. At least it has to $200 million plus kind of check for 
them to like. You know the larger ones for them to be like really excited about 
putting that kind of capital to work. So for them someone like us and some of our 
larger. I think we couple whoever so portfolio size which mirrors our size, their 
first port of call. That's what I kind of feel. 

Rajarshi Maitra: 
Okay. Just to complete this question, any equity raising thoughts on that from the 
company? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
We don't have any plans for equity raising thoughts as of now. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Obviously, you're speaking about these rates and invit and basically the foreign 
pension funds. I think one risk and I want wanted to just check your views on it is 
the current risk. So if you for Canadian Pension Fund, investing in a portfolio of 
completed Ham projects completed. Yes, the revenue risk and rupees is not there. 
They know the kind of revenue that will come through, and they know the capex 
that has already happened. Basically, the valuation can be done appropriately. I 
think the only concern happens If, let's say suddenly, over a 2 year period will be 
different appreciates by another 10% of the 15%, because then, despite it being 
a good low risk, investment in rupee terms for someone putting in a foreign 
money, it might not turn out to be a good investment. So what are your thoughts 
on this aspect? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So if I know these guys put money in India, they also always have currency 
hedging in place. And the amount of money that they have any much put in like. 
When you talk about a Canadian pension plan, let's see. I think they input, about 
almost $10 billion in India or more something like that across different asset 
classes, equity, debt, and so on. So there is a huge exposure that they have to 
India, and this is only increasing because the AUMS for all these pension funds 
have increased dramatically over the last 5 years. And they, coupled with that 
they are also now focusing on more on infrastructure like their set allocation to, 
and we as a television to India and Asia, has increased for them. So because all 
those things have happened, they are actually hungry for good assets in in these 
areas. Coming to currency base, that's something that anyways always have to 
manage and do long term, because these are long term assets that you're talking 
about. When you look at historical trend off, the currency appreciation as 
opposed to the dollar. Those there is a specific sort of range that will always at 
some point of time. They must always be some jumps and all depending on 
certain external factors, but long term it moves in a certain direction. You know 
the inflation rate difference here versus the difference there, and a bunch of 
other things that will. And you know that. Okay, this is what I need to account for 
every year, so I think they make all those judgments, and we based on which only 
they are making those calls in India. So I don't think so. The currency deposition 
is so much of a thing given all. You know, all the money that the move and you 
know the adding edges that they take in place. At least I have not heard of that 
as being from all the investors to go long term that so, because this is, that is a 
given. It's not like. Nobody is thinking that it's not going to happen. Everybody 
know it's gonna happen. We will re. It might be. How if are there going to be 
certain moments in between long term? Everybody who is going to want a certain 
direction, and people build their models accordingly. 

Rajarshi Maitra: 
Yes, that is true. That is time, I mean it. It happens in jokes, but it is broadly 
printing people the direction of it, that is true. And the last question from my side 
is a very specific question regarding your order book, so versus other companies 
in the last 9 months, you have won quite a few orders. Now, while that is a good 
thing, what it has led to is that a lot of your awards are recent awards, and not 
yet under construction. So what is your expectation? Do you think that there can 
be delays in actually commencement of construction for a lot of your order book? 
Because, According to my calculations, about 40% of your order book, I think, is 
more recent, and therefore not really under construction yet. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So a portion of the order book is always going to be under construction, like you 
know, it's gonna be with it. There is always a cycle that happens. You might be 
only specifically looking at the road sector. But there are other sectors also that 
we had won orders. Then we started work. So there is a mix of different sectors. 
I do not have the exact to hold on numbers to say right now when you say we 
have a percentage and all. But that's a thing of a thing like it's a cycle that 
continues to go, and we always plan that accordingly. Some delays happen this 
year because of the old CBI thing that you guys are aware of that caused some of 
the delays that became a headache not only for us, but for all of our listed bears, 
whether it's GR because they show all of us face similar actions from the CBI on 
issues which we are all in testing, and everyone may have different facts and I 
can't comment on the exact specifics of the case. There might be section at least 
we know for our thing, we've got a probably disclosure on that, and we a fairly 
confident on where we stand. But nonetheless, all these are inconveniences that 
to impact on how you're doing business. You it to means investor, confidence and 
board as well, so you always work hard to build something. And then something 
like this comes along, and it’s hits a bunch of those things. But yeah, we're keeping 
a heads down, working out towards it. Order book just to come back to. I don't 
see it so much of a problem. They might be small inconveniences here and there, 
but we are fairly confident of the direction that we are kind of heading in. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Thank you Rohan sir for answering the all those questions. If there any questions 
from any of the participants. Please go ahead now, else we proceed to end the 
call. I suppose there are no further questions now, so let's with that we will wind 
up the meeting on behalf of Incred Capital. I thank you all for your partner 
participation. I especially thank Rohan sir, for taking time out to for our 
conference and to attend this call. Thanks, everyone. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Thank you Rajarshi, thank you everyone who came and had whatever question 
there, and if anybody wants to have other questions, I look more than happy to 
answer it with me or my internal team or our IR team S-Ancial, since so Jill is there 
from there. So anyone has any questions please need to reach out and be happy 
to answer it. 
Rajarshi Maitra: 
Yes, thank you. 
