.l...
.
PIVEnI
TURBINES
Date:
January 30, 2023
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED
CORPORATE OFFICE
8" Floor, Express Trade Towers, 15-16, Sector-16A, Noida - 201301, U.P., India
T.: +91 120 4308000
J F: +91 120 4311010-11
www.triveniturbines.com
BSE Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort,
Exchange Plaza ,
MUMBAI-400 00 I
Bandra-Kurla Complex, MUMBAI-400 051
e-mail- corp.relations@bseindia.com
e-mail cmlist@nse.co.in
Thru
: BSE Listing Centre
Thru
: NEAPS
STOCK CODE: 533655
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/ Investor's Conference Call
Further to our letter dated January 24, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of Analysts/
Investor's call held on January 24, 2023 on the financial results for the Q3 & 9M ended on 31°
December,
2022.
The
same
is
being
made
available
on
the
Company's
website
at
https.www.triveniturbines.com.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Triveni Turbine Ltd.
Rajiv Sawhney
Company Secretary
Membership No A 8047
Regd Office : A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extn., Noida - 201 305 (U.P.)
GIN: L29110UP1995PLC041834
RAJIV 
SAWHNEY
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV SAWHNEY 
Date: 2023.01.30 
18:25:29 +05'30'

 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q3 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
January 24, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Triveni Turbine 
Limited Q3 and 9M FY 23 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar of CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
the Q3 and 9M FY 23 Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine 
Limited.  
 
We have with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive 
Director; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. S.N. Prasad, 
President - Global Sales Products; Mr. Sachin Parab, President - 
Global Sales Aftermarket; Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations 
and Value Creation, along with other members of the senior 
management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made 
in today’s discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a 
statement to this effect has been included in the invite, which was 
mailed to everybody earlier. I would also like to emphasize that while 
this call is open to all invitees, it may not be broadcasted or 
reproduced in any form or manner.  
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
 

 
Page 2 of 29 
 
I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with 
you with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to 
you, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab and a very good morning to everyone. 
And welcome to the Q3 & 9M FY 23 investor call for Triveni Turbine 
Limited.  
 
We are extremely pleased that the Company has recorded - record 
turnover, profitability, order booking and even on the balance sheet, 
multiple factors have been record for the Company in its history. And 
so, we are very excited to have this call with you because not only 
have we had very good results, but the visibility for results not only in 
Q4, but in FY 24 as well seem to be very robust. 
 
With the identified growth avenues in the form of all the three product 
segments, which is the leadership segment in the below 30 MW 
category, the newer focus segments of above 30 MW space, as well as 
drive turbines and that coupled with a very robust aftermarket strategy 
encompassing spares, service and multi-brand refurbishment, gives us 
great confidence in achieving newer milestones in the quarters to 
come both on operational and as well as on a financial basis. 
 
Revenue from operations for Q3 FY 23 stood at ₹ 3.26 billion, an 
increase of 44.6%. EBITDA for the quarter was at ₹ 750 million, up 
over 40.4% with a margin of 23% and PAT for the quarter was at ₹ 
526 million, an increase of 47.3% year-over-year.  
 
For the nine months, results have also been very good with revenues 
from operations at ₹ 8.78 billion and EBITDA at ₹ 1.98 billion and all 
these numbers have crossed the yearly figures for FY 22 already in the 
nine months of FY 23. 
 
In this current quarter, we had an order booking of ₹ 4.2 billion and a 
total order booking in the nine months of ₹ 11.39 billion, which is an 
increase of over 26% year-over-year. The outstanding carry-forward 
order book as on the 31st of December 2022 stands at ₹ 12.32 billion, 
an increase of 33.3% year-over-year, which gives you a visibility in 

 
Page 3 of 29 
 
terms of the revenue and turnover that the Company will have to 
execute in the coming quarters. 
 
On the balance sheet side as well, we have record situations with 
investments in excess of ₹ 8.3 billion, an increase of over 10% from 
March 31, but we also have further negative working capital in the 
business as well as extremely high free cash flows, which are higher 
from a quarterly perspective and nine-month perspective than the 
profit after tax on the respective period. 
 
On order booking and order book, the Company has achieved, like I 
said, another quarterly high in total order booking, crossing  
₹ 4 billion. And the domestic order booking for the quarter was at  
₹ 2.31 billion, an increase of 181% compared to last year. The export 
order booking during the quarter was at ₹ 1.9 billion, lower by 21% as 
compared to last year's order booking of ₹ 2.39 billion. But it has to be 
kept in mind that quarter included some exceptional very large and 
very prestigious orders from the international market. 
 
On the product side, order booking during the quarter breached the  
₹ 3 billion mark and came in at ₹ 3.06 billion, which was higher by 
13% when compared with the corresponding period of the previous 
year and the product segment turnover was ₹ 2 billion during the 
quarter, an increase of over 19% over the previous year. 
 
The aftermarket segment registered an order booking of ₹ 1.15 billion 
during the quarter, growing handsomely by over 130% and compared 
with the corresponding period of the previous year. The aftermarket 
turnover was ₹ 1.26 billion during the quarter, a growth of 118% over 
the previous year. And aftermarket has contributed to 39% of total 
turnover in Q3 FY 23 versus 26% in Q3 FY 22.  
 
The domestic outstanding order book stood at ₹ 6.92 billion, up 37% 
and the export outstanding order book stood at ₹ 5.4 billion as on the 
31st of December 2022, up 29% and contributing to 44% of the closing 
order book. 
 

 
Page 4 of 29 
 
During the quarter under review, revenue from operations grew by 
45% as compared to the previous year with the domestic sales 
showing an increase of 14% to ₹ 1.85 billion, while the export 
turnover increased by 123% to ₹ 1.41 billion, driven by the Company's 
success in the international markets, especially in the aftermarket 
segment. As a result, the mix of domestic and export sales has 
changed to 57% and 43% in Q3 FY 23 as compared to 72% domestic 
and 28% export in Q3 FY 22. 
 
In the product segment, enquiries increased by 31% year-on-year, and 
we are witnessing higher enquiries, especially from the international 
markets such as Southeast Asia, Europe, West Asia and North 
America. In its entirety, we have seen an increase in the international 
enquiry base by over 55% in this past quarter and we have seen a 
decline of 5% in the domestic enquiry book. Amongst industry 
segments, renewable energy independent power producers (IPP) 
segment led to a higher enquiry base followed by process industries. 
 
In the Domestic segment, we are seeing good prospects from the 
distillery, pharmaceutical, chemical industries, amongst others, 
including waste heat recovery from the cement sector as well. The 
American Petroleum Institute (API) segment in the domestic market 
as well in internationally is very robust and we have good visibility in 
terms of orders coming from this market segment. 
 
On the aftermarket side, the Company is again witnessing very good 
growth in the sub-segments of spares demand as well as for efficiency 
improvement and refurbishment with strong enquiry pipelines. The 
expansion of the portfolio to cater to utility turbines, geothermal and 
other rotating equipment is yielding good results and would be happy 
to discuss more of this as we take the conversation forward in the 
question and answer session. 
 
An update on the buyback. The Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on 2nd November 2022 approved the proposal to buyback equity 
shares at a price of ₹ 350 per equity share for an aggregate amount not 
exceeding ₹ 190 crore, through a tender offer on a proportionate basis. 
Subsequently, the shareholders of the Company approved the buyback 

 
Page 5 of 29 
 
through a postal ballot by e-voting on the 11th of December 2022. The 
tendering period of the buyback has commenced on 17th January 2023, 
and will end on the 31st of January 2023. 
 
As far as outlook goes, despite the global recessionary concerns, 
Triveni Turbines is constructive on the business prospects in the 
coming years and our enquiry book suggests the same. On the 
domestic market, we believe that industrial CapEx growth is expected 
to continue and the small decline that we have seen in the enquiry base 
for this current quarter should be overturned in the coming quarters. 
 
We believe that segments such as waste heat recovery and waste to 
energy will receive further impetus from the Government of India, as 
well as State Governments. This is for focus in India specifically, but 
it equally applies to the international markets as well, where there is 
adequate funding in this space for renewable energy power generation, 
especially as we see continents such as Europe clamoring for an 
increased energy transition. 
 
Triveni Turbines is also at the forefront of innovating and leading this 
energy transition by working with premier Indian educational 
institutions towards developing emerging technologies. We believe 
these will lead to a variety of different marine, industrial applications 
for cooling, heating, as well as power requirements, including 
recovery of waste heat. 
 
The Company’s long-term vision is well supported by a growing 
workforce with a focus on up-skilling and re-skilling, higher 
international presence to increase proximity to customers as well as 
continued investments in customer-centric innovation through 
research and development. Our total number of Intellectual Property 
Rights (IPR)s filed stand in excess of 315 and IPRs registered are well 
over 220 now. The Company has also added in excess of 90 odd 
people in the previous 12 months and we believe that this growth in 
personnel will continue into the coming year. 
 
We are optimistic on the future performance of the Company and we 
believe that with a highly motivated workforce with sales and 

 
Page 6 of 29 
 
marketing abilities, engineering excellence and a strong aftermarket 
capability, the Company will continue to improve its market position 
and maintain its growth momentum in the years to come.  
 
Thank you very much. I am happy to take questions now. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin 
the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Himanshu Upadhyay from o3 Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, congratulations on great set of results. I had a few questions on 
the aftermarket business. So, in this quarter, when we see the doubling 
of aftermarket revenues, was this some one-time order or how should 
we understand this? Because historically, we believe that this 
aftermarket business, which is around 22-23%, will slowly steadily 
reach 30%, but we see a very handsome jump. So what are your 
thoughts on it? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, so actually we've been talking about this for the last couple of 
quarters on our investor calls. So, if you read the transcripts, which are 
on our website, you'd see what we've been talking about specifically in 
terms of certain refurbishment service orders that we've taken in our 
aftermarket segment. As you rightly say, the percentage of aftermarket 
as a percentage of revenue has hovered in the region of 20% and it has 
gone up incrementally every year from 23-24% to 25-26% and I think 
last year, it was somewhere in between 27-28% and in this current 
quarter, it's coming to about 39%. 
 
These are not one-time order, these we believe are large sustainable 
orders, which will increase in value over a period of time. But if you 
look at it in aggregate, the growth in the product side of the business is 
equally robust. So, while this quarter may have come in at 39% 
aftermarket as a percentage of revenue, I think for the yearly number 
where you would take it somewhere in the region of around 30+%- 
would be a little bit more accurate. 
 
Though having said that, the aftermarket segment is going to grow 
faster than the product segment. And so, you would see a greater 

 
Page 7 of 29 
 
contribution from aftermarket as a percentage of revenue in the years 
to come. This is supported by a robust margin structure that we have 
in both the product as well as aftermarket side. 
 
But let me ask Sachin Parab, who heads this business on the 
aftermarket side, to give you a little bit more visibility, specifically on 
the refurbishment side of the business. Sachin? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Good morning everyone. Yes, we've had a good quarter. In terms of 
the sales for the quarter, the percentage of the total seems unusually 
high as VCMD has mentioned in the range of 30% of the gross sales 
of the Company is what aftermarket sales will be typically. The 
business is consistent, the orders are consistent, but the percentage this 
quarter, the third quarter is slightly on the higher side. This is not 
really the percentage, which we are looking at in the long-term. 
Gradually, the percentage will go up, but it will hover around 30% or 
slightly under that. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one more thing. You said that aftermarket will grow at a faster 
pace than product? But generally, in capital goods, what we see is 
product grows better in the up-cycle and refurbishment and all those 
things happen more in the down-cycle. So, the aftermarket is lagging. 
So, can you elaborate what is the reason for that? Thanks. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. So, as we tried to explain over the past couple of quarters, we 
have three distinct product segments, which are growing in 
independent ways. The first is our historical market of below  
30 MW turbines, which will grow given our market share based on the 
market size movements and we see the market size expanding year-
over-year, which is evidenced by our enquiry book. But I agree with 
you, it’s not going to grow at very high numbers. The second market 
is the market in which we don’t have a very high presence, but we 
have ambitions to increase our market share, which is above  
30 MW space, where we will see good growth in as far as Triveni 
Turbine is concerned and equally, with drive turbines. But all of this 
combined, and as you can see from our order book, the product order 
book grew over 13% year-over-year and while aftermarket order book 
grew by over 130%. 

 
Page 8 of 29 
 
 
Now the aftermarket is comprised of three distinct segments, which is 
spares for your own existing turbine base, services for your own 
existing turbine base, and then refurbishment, which is what we call 
both parts as well as service for third-party turbines. Now the first two 
will grow based on the growth of your own existing installed base. 
And so, they will grow at the same rate of growth of your product 
growth. 
 
The refurbishment, given the fact that we have a strategy to have a 
more localized presence in international markets and have their own 
independent growth strategies to cater to third-party turbines before 
the population of Triveni Turbines pickup in any specific geography 
has borne-out very well for us. 
 
And so we see that market segment, which provides not only parts, but 
service to third-party turbine users and this stretches across the 
spectrum of turbine users, be it from utility turbines to applications 
such as geothermal, it has borne-out very well for us, but it's all based 
on localized presence and that is a strategy, which we have elaborated 
on in the past where we aim to increase our international presence 
going forward. And therefore, capture markets like this, which we will 
do opportunistically. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
One last question, then I'll join back in the queue. See, we acquired 
one company for aftermarkets business, and which was basically a 
team of people who were present in aftermarkets, and we said if that 
strategy goes well, we'll look at more such type of bolt-on 
acquisitions? So, what have been our learnings from that? And what is 
our thought process currently on growing the business or through 
inorganic way? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. Inorganic is very strong word because we spent about  
₹ 6.8 crore to acquire the stake that we did. It is basically a quicker 
acquisition of talent, which is what we did through that route. 
 
Our learnings from it are many. Of course, it's very difficult to 
elaborate on this call, but suffice to say that we are very optimistic on 

 
Page 9 of 29 
 
the fact that we need to have a localized presence. The route to that 
localized presence being organic or inorganic, I think it is more in our 
strategy to attempt to do things organically, but if small, again, I must 
repeat, if small inorganic opportunities exist, we will definitely 
evaluate them. 
 
Well, I think that Triveni Turbines is looking at multiple different 
geographies, be it Southeast Asia, Europe, as well as North America 
and South America, to move on this strategy. And so, we will come 
out with the correct disclosures once the Board has allowed us to 
disclose that. But having said that, we are actively contemplating our 
growth strategy internationally on the same lines or similar lines of 
having an increased international presence in the quarters to come. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Kunal from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a 
great set of numbers. My first question is pertaining to the domestic 
market. While you did allude to the fact that there is some slowdown 
on the enquiry pipeline in the domestic market. But any sense that 
you're getting in terms of why this is happening in terms of, is it more 
transitionary? What is basically causing this slowdown? Any sense 
that you're getting when you talk to your clients? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. In general, actually, it's still quite robust. I think this is more of 
a quarterly phenomenon where we register an enquiry when it comes 
as a formal request. The conversations that you're having in the market 
seems to be very robust. But for us, enquiry is a technical matter 
where very frankly a request for proposal has been raised. So that is 
the level of seriousness is much higher, as well as the fact that people 
are looking for raising funding. And so, the bankability of the project, 
etc. requires a lot of these RFPs to be in place. But the conversation 
that we are having with our potential customers is as robust, if not 
more. And so, we see a variety of different sectors adding to not only 
the enquiry book, but also have contributed to the order book for the 
domestic market perspective. 
 

 
Page 10 of 29 
 
Firstly, you have segments, which have been very strong for us, such 
as municipal solid waste incineration in the global market and it really 
has not contributed so much on the Indian side. We saw that 
contribute quite well in this current last quarter. We saw cement waste 
heat recovery continuing its momentum. We saw a certain process  
co-generation from chemicals and other side also being quite robust. 
You have a lot of government expenditure coming up from fertilizer, 
petroleum, petrochemicals, etc. in both the coming quarter as well as 
the coming year. And so, we are quite optimistic of government 
CapEx also, which will be leading to higher fixed capital formation in 
the PSUs. So, we think it's transitory in nature and we'll see, I think it's 
still a much higher number than we did in the current year. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Sure. Thank you. My second question is pertaining to exports, 
especially on the Europe side. With energy costs starting to stabilize 
and come down in Europe, have we seen any change in the 
discussions with customer in terms of their thought process? So 
basically, cooling of energy cost in Europe, how does it impact our 
business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, actually, it's bit opposite. The fact is that given the uncertainty in 
energy costs that they're facing, they are trying to speed-up their 
energy transition. So, what that means is it to become energy 
independent as well as become more decentralized and localized in 
terms of energy generation, especially towards a decarbonized form of 
generation. So that fits directly into our product basket. 
 
As you know, the fact is that from the renewable energy power 
generation space, we provide solutions in only two industries, which is 
biomass based IPPs and municipal solid waste incineration. And both 
of those are dependent on the waste that is available. So, when the 
waste is available, it does get used. It's a question of ensuring that we 
are present in front of those customers to be able to build those orders. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Okay. Great. Thank you so much. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
But Europe does contribute about 20% of our enquiry book. So, it's 
very pertinent to our execution strategy. 

 
Page 11 of 29 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from 
Equirius Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Hi, Sir. Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, my first 
question is for our greater than 30 MW segment. Sir, could you 
highlight what has been our order intake in the first nine-month of  
FY 23? I remember we had received an order in the municipal waste 
incineration category in West Asia in the last quarter. So, have there 
been any follow-up orders from that point onwards? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. But you are right that this is a segment that we are very actively 
pushing. And if we look at it, this current quarter didn't see any order 
booking, but we're very optimistic in the coming quarters, we'll get 
good traction in this space. So, the follow-on orders, etc. don't exist 
and they weren’t any follow-up orders. So, both from the domestic 
market, which really hasn't had many orders in the above 30 MW 
category, as well as international, the market is something that we see 
will expand a little bit in the coming year. And so, we'll be 
participating more aggressively in that space. 
 
But in general, the fact is that technologically, we are quite confident 
on our product range all the way up to the maximum 100 MWs. And 
so, we are going to stop differentiating between below 30 MWs and 
above 30 MWs from next year onwards and just talk about the 
industrial heat and power market as well as the renewable energy 
market. 
 
The reason to provide distinction between the below 30 and above 30 
was to give confidence to analysts and investors about the growth of 
the business. The Company seems to be growing exceedingly well in 
all its different growth avenues. And as we've seen the record 
profitability and turnover in Q3, we hope to better that in Q4 and in 
the quarters to come in FY 24. So, we are looking at a very robust 
growth for the business and it will be split amongst all its different 
component categories. 
 

 
Page 12 of 29 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Right. Understood. My second question is on the SADC region where 
we have done a small acquisition. So earlier you had highlighted that 
the total order value with the current customer could be as high as  
₹ 1 billion over the years and we had also booked a small order worth 
₹ 119 million in the first quarter. I think, however, in the second 
quarter, you had mentioned that there was no incremental order from 
that customer. So, what was the situation in the third quarter? What is 
the cumulative order intake that we have booked from that particular 
utility-level customer? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think somewhere in the region on this current nine months and 
somewhere in the region of about ₹ 60 odd crore. Sachin, are you 
online? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes. Similar numbers as you indicated, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. But I would encourage you to not look at individual orders 
because that's not really reflective. We don't have a concentration of 
customers in both the aftermarket and product categories. And so, our 
attempt has always been to diversify both geographically between 
customers and between market segments and industries. 
 
And so very frankly, getting repeat orders is what is important to us 
because that is a sign of confidence and our execution and the quality 
of our execution. But really getting repeat orders for the sake of 
building our order book is really not how we benchmark it. So, we 
would use our success in the SADC region with other customers in the 
region with other countries and with other aspects. So, we're 
optimistic and that joint venture and our presence there has aided in 
providing that visibility. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure. So just a bookkeeping question on the same line. So, you've 
started highlighting the kind of subcontracting cost that you incur as 
part of the other expenses. So, does this subcontracting cost only on 
account of this SADC region or that is generally spread across the 
globe in your aftermarket business? 
 

 
Page 13 of 29 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I think it's a little difficult to answer that, but it is the reason that 
we needed to highlight it, as it is highlighted in the notes to accounts. 
As you can see that was for the SADC region only as what is explicit 
in that note, because it is material enough for us to disclose. In either 
case, the fact is that this is a competitive space in a competitive world, 
so to provide excessive information even on calls like this leads to a 
degree of disclosure, which my colleagues on the marketing side 
would not appreciate. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood, sir. Just a last and small question from my side. So, you 
have highlighted that you have added 90-odd employees in past one 
year. So that's a pretty significant ramp-up. So, do we see a further 
ramp-up from here or the employee strength will kind of stabilize at 
the current levels in your opinion? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. We would see a similar number of people joining within the next 
12 months as well. Arun, can you provide some visibility on the 
employee recruitment strategy and how we're approaching it? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes. As you know, the volume of the sales has increased, and we 
needed people for manufacturing and then other activities of the 
Company also. So, these 90 people have been added across the board 
from senior level to the trainee level and we expect the similar number 
to be added in the current year. This will also ensure that our 
employee expenditure as percentage of sales is not likely to be more. 
In fact, it will be well within control and there will be a productivity 
increase also. So, there is no reason to worry about the extra 
manpower that we will be adding. And there is an attrition in the last 
one year, which was more, and we expect the attrition to continue, 
because that's the way the industry is poised for today. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
To add on to that, the fact is that in terms of specific competencies that 
we try to add, it's been more on internationalization front, more on 
execution capabilities, as well as on technology. And of course, 
everything has to go along. We believe that employee costs as a 
percentage of turnover will come down in the coming years, and 
despite the fact that we need to add more capabilities and more 
technical capabilities. 

 
Page 14 of 29 
 
 
While the employee cost per turnover is going to come down, the 
revenue per employee is going to go up and that's a sign of 
productivity. And so, we're very hopeful that what is basically our 
front-line in terms of people will be adding productively to our order 
booking as well as execution. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is about 
aftermarkets. As we see, obviously, this quarter, it has been 
contributing very strongly. And what I can see previous quarters, it 
has been contributing to the average of about ₹ 70 - 80 crore, and you 
highlighted that at least ₹ 40 - 50 crore extra has been booked this 
quarter. So, I think, just wanted to ask, is this because of SADC 
contribution largely? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, that is the one-off, but the segment itself is growing in a very 
robust manner. That is aftermarket, specifically refurbishment. Now 
refurbishment for us comprises of a variety of different services. You 
have, what I would call slightly lower value-added services such as 
overhaul and higher value-added services such as efficiency 
upgradation. 
 
And so, it depends on customer-to-customer geography as to how we 
are able to instil confidence in a customer to be able to avail, for them 
to buy some of these services. Obviously, the greatest confidence that 
a customer gets is by having a local presence. And so therefore, given 
the fact that we have partly through this acquisition, partly through 
having employees based in the Southern African region, we do have a 
critical mass to be able to get orders. 
 
And so that as a strategy has worked well for us and de-risks us in a 
market which is reasonably low in terms of liability. And so, as we 
look to expand the model out, you'll see this coming from everywhere. 
In specific in the aftermarket side, yes, in the current quarter, you did 
have the SADC contribute well, but very frankly if you look at it from 

 
Page 15 of 29 
 
a perspective of profitability as well as the focus, it is very widespread 
amongst all the different customers and geographies that we cater to. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And sir, wanted to understand within export, how much would 
be product and aftermarkets? And any key geographies, which is 
significantly contributing to export? Obviously, you have highlighted 
four to five geographies if any percentage range you can? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, we don't give percentage ranges because that ends up giving you 
the number that the turbine value only. But having said that, we've 
seen good orders from South America and Africa in this quarter, then 
coupled with the regular and routine orders that we have picked up 
from North America and Southeast Asia and Europe. The ones that we 
would highlight in the larger range, which are closer to what, 30-odd 
MWs work from these regions. And in a very competitive 
environment, we have performed very well. 
 
Essentially what we've seen over the course of the past year is that the 
market has expanded and with that expansion, as well as commodity 
prices coming down, the booking margins have actually expanded and 
so we're looking quite optimistically in the years to come. It doesn't 
mean that it'll all translate down to our bottom line. We have more 
expenses that we'll incur in terms of our internationalization, but as a 
company overall, we're very comfortable with our margin profile as 
well as what we forecast for the year to come. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. So, my last question is if you can highlight if possible for you, 
the MW-wise addressable market for you between zero to 30 and 30-
plus. And any sense on market share, are you gaining, losing, 
retaining, any absolute number? And if you can highlight on the 
capacity expansion, which you mentioned last quarter. Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, on the MW-wise market share, I think you may take it offline and 
discuss it with Surabhi. But we have maintained our domestic market 
share and our international market share has gone up as you can see 
from our order booking. And this is a variety of different segments 
that you have to look at. 
 

 
Page 16 of 29 
 
But in general, the performance is based on the fact that in certain 
market segments, we haven't had a great degree of market share to 
begin with, such as specifically, in the higher range of MWs, as well 
as in the API turbines. And so, as we capture more orders, then, of 
course, our market share will increase. 
 
How to break it down directly in terms of market shares, it is a little 
difficult. We internally benchmark it based on the enquiries that we 
have. So, the success rate that we have on our enquiries is, especially 
in the international market is what is the way that we would judge it. 
Of course, that is not the entire market. As you would understand, at 
times, we don't have visibility into a lot of these product segments. 
 
The last question was on CapEx. CapEx-wise, if everything is on 
track, as we come into the new financial year of FY 24, we will spend 
a little bit more money on balancing. So, as you would imagine over 
the course of the year before last, we may have manufactured in 
excess of 110-120 odd turbines, where this year, we may take that up 
to 160 odd turbines and next year, it'll be in excess of 200 or well 
above 200. 
 
And our booking, of course, will be in the higher range of nearly 250-
280 turbines. And so, we do have some execution-based CapEx that 
needs to be done, but the majority of our CapEx is going to go into 
R&D, into new software and skills and capabilities, new programs that 
we will be launching along with educational institutions, both in India 
as well as internationally, as well as a certain degree of 
internationalization of more service centres, et cetera. So that is where 
our CapEx is going to be focused on. 
 
A little bit of balancing will have to happen. But in essence, our entire 
CapEx is quite reasonable. I think when we had expanded our bay, it 
cost us about ₹ 35 odd crore. So, there may be some resultant CapEx 
and follow-on CapEx of ₹ 2-3-4 crore, and another ₹ 5-7 crore on 
fixed asset that may have to be created. And then we will provide 
more visibility into this as we get into the new year. 
 

 
Page 17 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala 
from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, and congrats for a very good set of 
numbers. Sir, so we have seen a very strong ramp-up in our order 
inflow for FY 23 where we will more or less end the year in excess of 
₹ 1,500 crore of inflow. So, over the medium-term of let's say, next 
two to three years based on the enquiry pipeline and CapEx trends 
across end user industries and the regions that we operate in, on this 
base also, we feel that reasonably high growth rate of 15-20% is 
possible, sir, over the medium term of two to three years? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Most definitely. The fact is that you see, one is that we obviously try 
to aim to beat your order booking number for this current financial 
year. But that's why we're providing so much visibility on the enquiry 
book and the growth in order booking also. So that gives you an idea 
as to how we see the years to come. As you understand that our 
product execution profile is usually in the range of about eight to nine 
months for smaller turbines and about 12 months for larger turbines, 
and services is pretty much always within three to six months. 
 
So, you have a lot of book-and-bill within the current financial year. 
And so that provides us visibility for sustaining growth. The main 
question is how are we going to be able to sustain the growth. And so, 
while FY 24 is pretty much locked in the bag with high growth, this is 
despite the fact that we will have book-and-bill in the first quarter of 
FY 24 as well. Going forward to FY 25-26, we do have good visibility 
of sustaining growth in those years. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
All right. Good to hear that, sir. On the Sompura plant expansion, so 
that was supposed to be over in Q3. So, any update on that and what 
would be our total turbine capacity now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Arun, are you online? Can you address this? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes. The total expansion is more or less complete. We have already 
started using that bay. So partially the capacity is being used. In 
another one month, it will be complete in all the sense. So, the full 

 
Page 18 of 29 
 
capacity will be added. We are looking at the capacity between 250 to 
300 turbines depending on the size and also there will be a flexibility. 
So, we're quite comfortable in meeting the higher demand that may 
come in the years to come. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So, Sir, this 250 to 300 is a total of both the plants, right, or only 
Sompura? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes, of both the plants put together. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay, And, lastly on the API turbines. So, you mentioned in your 
opening remarks that the government CapEx on fertilizers and 
petrochemicals is also healthy. So, in API turbines, I do believe that 
we also have qualification in the domestic market, Indian market. So, 
any addressable market opportunity for us that you can highlight 
specifically for API turbine in domestic market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, we refrain from talking about individual customers, and I'll ask 
Prasad to comment a little bit about this. But the API market segment 
has two requirements. One is for power generation and the other is for 
drive. So as long as we keep that in mind, power generation is much 
like industrial power generation where the turbine will be coupled 
with the generator. The drive turbines are those that would drive 
equipment. For the domestic market, Prasad, can you provide a little 
bit of visibility as to which segments are giving you enquiries of 
potential order booking in the quarters to come? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, Sir. So, as you rightly mentioned, API market is divided into 
power generation as well as the drive turbines. We have been 
approved by major OEs and the EPCs and technical consultants for 
both. So, the pipeline-wise, yes, there is a strong growth in API 
enquiry pipeline. Today we address across the globe, all the API 
enquiry pipeline. There is a considerable growth in that. Going 
forward, yes, we can see some orders, which we are in advanced stage 
of discussion, even power generation turbine order from the API apart 
from drive turbine orders. We're quite optimistic and bullish on this 
segment going forward. 
 

 
Page 19 of 29 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, any approximate market size even in MW terms? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Because the API is more stable market, because see, this market is 
again, one is CapEx growth market, other is a replacement market as 
the fleet completes its total lifetime. So that way, market size 
estimations wise probably those things maybe offline we can share 
with you. But otherwise today, our market share is quite miniscule in 
that and there is a huge growth opportunity for us. I can put it that 
way. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And sir, last question related to that is that currently, these are 
serviced by guys like Siemens or any other multi-national companies 
with an India-based manufacturing capacity or these are largely 
imported? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
This is a mix, even imported as well as India-based, again based on 
the type of the enquiry requirement or specifications for some of the 
specifications that India-based competition there. For some 
specification, where we also approved, this is a multinational 
competition thing. It is a mix. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan 
from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sir, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. Just to continue with the earlier participant's question. So, 
the API turbine globally, what is the size of the market? What is our 
opportunity there, so your broad thought process? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, so thank you for your wishes firstly, Ravi. From the API market 
segment there is no real data, the data is in our enquiry book, again I'm 
saying. So, when we are looking at market share, we are looking at 
versus enquiries that we have. There is no third-party data out there, 
which says how many turbines are being ordered. Post the fact, there 
is some data that's available in terms of how much is placed. But at the 
point of time of bidding, it's a little difficult.  
 

 
Page 20 of 29 
 
But when we look at the API, our market share in the API segment, 
like Prasad said, it's quite minuscule. And so, when we had said last 
year, we would get 30-odd orders and this year, we get 70 orders odd 
and growth for us may be doubling in this market segment. It's still 
minuscule in terms of single-digit market share globally. So very 
frankly, there's a long way for us to go in terms of being a significant 
player here. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. And usually, with the turbine sizes on the lower-single digit 
like three MWs, five MWs, seven MWs, is my understanding correct? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It will range from 1.5 MWs to 5 MWs, but it'll usually be in the lower 
range of 1.5 to 3 MWs somewhere there. They're driving equipment, 
so they drive equipment such as fans, pumps, blowers, compressors, 
etc. and might be both API 611 and 612 compliant. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from 
VT Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Good morning sir, and thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a 
great set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions. Like coming to your 
other expenses, do we expect this kind of run rate going forward or 
was it just one-time for the nine months currently? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. See the other expenses and the disclosure that we made was on 
the subcontracting charge and other expense. The reason that we did it 
is because while it wasn't really necessary for us to provide the 
disclosure, but we thought it will be helpful for investors to see 
because from a quarterly perspective, there is a big jump over the 
previous year. 
 
And so, it is for that reason that we highlighted. It'll just provide 
visibility and a little bit of clarity. I think we're focusing a little bit too 
much on it because the fact that it's more routine. As we look at it 
going forward, these are charges which are negligible, a very low 
liability for the Company in terms of continuing costs. And so, they 
will be incurred as and when revenue falls. And so, to that extent, we 
will have the profitability in those quarters as well.  

 
Page 21 of 29 
 
 
What's important for us is that overall, as a Company, we aim to 
expand or maintain our margins. We've always said that we would 
have PBT margins in excess of 20% as a Company. We think that in 
the environment going forward regardless of what type of 
refurbishment contracts we take, the team has performed very well in 
giving visibility that should at least be maintained. We have 
commodity 
prices 
coming 
down, 
we 
have 
an 
increased 
internationalization of our product mix in terms of sales as well as an 
expanded market and so therefore, more easing of margins in order 
booking. 
 
So overall, I think that we are in a very comfortable position as a 
Company. We have tried to provide visibility in numeric terms, and I 
think we're going to beat all of those numbers that we had given here. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay, great. So, I mean we do expect other expenses to be within this 
range, but on the gross profit, on the gross margin side, we expect 
margins to inch-up going forward. Ultimately, the PBT margins will 
remain. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We have good confidence that there are a lot of reasons that it may 
inch-up, but very frankly, we also want to be spending money on 
adding capabilities, where we see future growth, so that we can sustain 
our growth. Triveni Turbines came off the last seven, eight years with 
very low growth. And so, while we are facing the growth at this point 
in time, we want to double down on it to ensure that we can sustain it. 
But very frankly, margins are not a pressure for us. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Yes, great. And, you maintained your guidance of PBT of 20%, but 
any revision on the revenue front, like you've maintained 35%. So, 
any upward revision or anything? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, I mean, what our nine months results are. That's in front of you 
and we are seeing Q4 being better than any quarter of this year. So, 
then it gives you an idea that we are quite optimistic. 
 

 
Page 22 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla 
from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, firstly, 
just wanted to understand, in your opening comments, you mentioned 
that there is some softness or declines that you are seeing on domestic 
enquiries, similar comments have been made in the previous quarter 
also. So, are we now seeing some sort of slowdown in the domestic 
side? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, you know we have such a large ramp-up of the enquiry book in 
the quarters before that that when you see 5%, 5% decline in 
consecutive quarters, I mean it is a point to be noted. I agree with you, 
but it's not entirely material. Prasad, can you give some visibility as to 
how you're looking at enquiries from the domestic market? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes sir. Domestic market, even though on the enquiry size, we are 
seeing a 5% decline, but the way orders getting finalized or the leads 
what getting generated. Yes, we are seeing still there is upbeat in that. 
But when it comes to enquiry registration, means RFQs release and 
all, we have seen a little slowdown on that around 5%, that is also 
basically from a particular industry segment. When we see in the 
domestic also, out of 5-6 industry segments, in one industry segment, 
there is a little slowdown we noticed, but really, we are not worrying 
on that by seeing the leads what we are getting and finalization pattern 
what it is happening. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Can you help us know which segment or which industry that is 
probably taking slightly longer. And if there is a delay in decision-
making, maybe because there have been price hikes taken or in 
general, there has been a lot of commodity inflation or it's been just 
that maybe some of the demand is now indefinitely pushed back? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. This is a market segment that you all know about. It is the metal 
space and very frankly, it is a large contributor towards power 
generation, but if you look at from aggregate capacity perspective, the 
country needs to add ample capacity going forward. So, this is a 
question of moving from quarter-to-quarter because they match their 

 
Page 23 of 29 
 
cash flows based on commodity prices. I mean it's something that will 
come back in the coming quarters and years. So, this demand is not 
going away. It has to get fulfilled at some point. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, understood. And with respect to what the earlier participants 
were asking, the subcontracting expenses are sitting in the other 
expenses, which means the gross profit has expanded, which is a very 
healthy expansion. Nine months, it's almost at 46%, significantly 
above the 44-45% we were doing. Is this almost the same considering 
the product mix that we have now, the inflows that we are witnessing 
slightly skewed towards export/aftermarket or what will be the pattern 
going ahead? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Very right. I mean, the way we measure is the other way around by 
seeing material cost as a percentage of turnover, which is just the 
inverse of what you are saying. Historically, we have had a material 
cost somewhere in the region of 52-53% and right now, it's 
somewhere in the region of about 55-56%. And we see it coming 
down in the quarters to come and the years to come driven by two 
factors. 
 
One is we have a better product mix from aftermarket and product. 
We also have a better turnover mix from international and domestic as 
well as general commodity price easing and higher margins on 
products. So, all will point towards a good operating cost. Other 
expenses may go on with other selling and other expenses that we may 
need to have. We will incur more expenses on R&D, like I have 
already said. And those will have to be then factored in, but we've 
taken all that into consideration and are still optimistic on factors such 
as gross margins, etc. 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So, you are saying, the 55-56% material costs is what could be 
expected? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, it should come down. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Krishna Kansara, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 24 of 29 
 
 
Krishna Kansara: 
Yeah. So, Sir, you mentioned that you saw a decline of 5% in the 
domestic enquiry book. So how do you measure it? Is this a sequential 
decline or is this Y-o-Y? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Y-o-Y. 
 
Krishna Kansara: 
Sir, do you think that this decline in the enquiry order book will 
accelerate as we move in the coming quarters? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. We're hopeful that it will expand in the coming quarters, the 
enquiry books on the domestic markets. 
 
Krishna Kansara: 
Okay. So, this decline is just temporary, right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
That's what we're seeing. We'll have to wait and see what actually 
happens. 
 
Krishna Kansara: 
Okay. And sir, I just wanted to know your thoughts on the 
sustainability part of the order inflow. So, do you think that we can 
maintain this run rate of order inflow or order book? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
That's what we've been talking about for the last hour to give you 
visibility as to how we could provide that. So, I think that you have 
that information in front of you now. 
 
Krishna Kansara: 
Can we sustain this growth, or it will marginally decline is my 
question in the order book part? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. The order book growth, we are looking to try and maintain. The 
turnover growth of 45% odd is something that obviously, it's a very 
high number, but on a year-on-year basis, the fact is that we will grow 
very well. And we have the visibility of growth into FY 24 as well and 
enquiry book suggests the growth that we would have into FY 25. 
 
And so, we're in an optimistic stance. This is not including any new 
product release in terms of our new developments that we have on 
either on the supercritical carbon dioxide or on the transcritical carbon 

 
Page 25 of 29 
 
dioxide products, which will get released over the course of the next 
couple of years. And so, we'll see newer revenue streams come into 
the business. And so, yeah, we look to sustain order booking and 
therefore, sustain revenue growth on an average basis. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Mohit 
Khanna from Banyan Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Good morning, sir and congratulations for a very good set of numbers 
here. You actually just answered my question. Just taking this a little 
bit forward. So, in the terms of the order book and enquiries, how are 
different sectors now coming in, especially for the domestic market? I 
mean up till now distilleries has been a good contributor. Do you see 
any sort of change in trajectory by the distillery companies or other 
segments that you would like to highlight? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So firstly, on the international market, we have a disproportionate 
order booking, which comes from renewable energy-based power 
production that could either be directly for independent power 
production or for captive use. 
 
On the Indian side, markets get split quarter-to-quarter, but if you look 
at it on an annual basis, you see market segments such as distilleries, 
cement, waste heat, (metals have come down a little bit), but paper 
was strong, chemicals, API in that form has done well. And as we 
look going forward, you would see independent power production on 
renewable basis in India, both from solid municipal waste as well as 
biomass pick up, you will find a changing of sugar consumption 
moving from extraction condensing machines to back-pressure 
machines, which is a replacement market, which is just so that they 
can have higher bagasse saving and therefore, more revenue for them. 
So, demand will change dynamically. 
 
Structurally, like I said, the fact that Triveni operates in two distinct 
markets. And again, I will just repeat this. It is the industrial heat and 
power market and the renewable energy-based power production 
market. On the industrial heat and power market, given that about 
50% of end-energy consumption is in the form of heating and cooling, 

 
Page 26 of 29 
 
and especially when you look at the industrial and institutional form, a 
part of that we are heating and cooling is very difficult for that to get 
disrupted by electricity, be it in the form of renewable or otherwise 
because it is far less sufficient. 
 
And so therefore, production of heat on-site is something that is 
necessary, and we cater to that market, which is actually globally 
expanded by about 5% plus CAGR over the course of the last 10 years 
despite the fact that the overall utility market has declined 
considerably to maybe one-third the size of what it was 10 years ago. 
So, on the industrial side, that's one. 
 
Secondly on the renewable energy power production side, given the 
fact that waste is available, both in the form of waste heat, waste 
products such as biomass or municipal solid waste. These are 
increasingly becoming commercially viable, despite subsidies to be 
able to be formed by developers. 
 
And I don't know if you had a look at the Inflation Reduction Act and 
what we're contemplating in Europe as well, but this is all despite the 
real push that is coming on capital subsidies in developed markets. I'm 
sure that India will have to do the same at some point to spur growth, 
which is far in excess of the PLI, because the PLI is more of a 
production-linked incentive-based scheme. These are more developer-
based schemes, which are happening in other parts of the world. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Great. And just the last question. How are you seeing competition? 
Are you seeing competition getting stronger or with the increasing 
number of enquiries in the market or it is just business as usual? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. Well, the situation in the domestic market is between Siemens and 
us, and we have a very healthy competition. It is intense and we 
compete. And they are of course a much, much larger firm than us, 
both in India as well as internationally. But we compete as peers and 
in front of clients. And so that is unique to each order because as you 
know each steam turbine is customized. 
 

 
Page 27 of 29 
 
And so therefore, there is a competitiveness level on each model 
depending on the characteristics that a customer may have. But it's 
same as it has been. The dynamic is in general, as the markets expand, 
the need to take orders at lower prices decline. So, the intensity of 
competition, we have to say, comes down slightly, just because the 
market has expanded. 
 
In terms of number of players internationally, we've seen it quite 
constant as of last year. But in general, there has been a declining 
trend in the number of participants in this market over a period of 
time. So, we've seen the number of competitors decline over a series 
of years. 
 
But I think that our push in terms of trying to be the best at what we 
do, be the best in this market both in terms of cost, as well as technical 
efficiency, it still doesn't stop. So, we will continue our investments 
and we know what we are good at and we have to expand our reach in 
terms of marketing to be closer to customers, have a greater presence 
because the preference that customers had to place orders is based on 
the confidence that they have on the aftermarket also. 
 
Mohit Khanna: 
Great. And what was the attrition rate in the nine months?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The attrition rate is somewhere in the region of about 6%. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Amit 
Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yeah. Hi. Sir just wanted to understand the decline in the domestic 
enquiry pipeline. Is it specific to any industry where we are witnessing 
this decline? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. It's in metals. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Okay. And second question, sir. If you can throw some color on the 
MW-wise enquiry pipeline, anything of that sort? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Actually, we don't give that data, but I'm sure you'll be able see it. 

 
Page 28 of 29 
 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Overall, if it is possible for you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think you can take that offline with Surabhi to see if that information 
as she gives out, but in essence, we've seen good growth in the market. 
And so, we're quite optimistic. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. So last question, in the past, witnessed the low growth phase for 
at least six to seven years, and now from almost one and a half, two 
years, we are seeing the robust opportunities domestically and 
internationally as well. So just wanted to understand till how long we 
are seeing the sustainable growth in international, domestic market?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. It is a very good question you asked because the fact is that as you 
can see from our balance sheet, the Company is not really dependent 
on CapEx to cater towards growth. It is more people-centric, and we 
need people. And so, the fact that we are continuing to invest in 
people is a good proxy for how much we can sustain our growth. This 
is something that we have to internally manage in terms of onboarding 
these people, finding the right people in all the different capabilities 
and capacity that we need them for. 
 
So, we are investing in the right places we think, which is something 
we could afford it in terms of money, but the business couldn't afford 
it in terms of the sustaining profitability in the past. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the floor back to the management for closing comments. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much and thank you for your good wishes. I think 
everyone has appreciated the good performance that the Company has 
put forward. This is really due to the hard work and dedication of all 
the Triveni Turbines employees from Arun, Sachin, Prasad and the 
team in Bengaluru. So, we thank you for appreciating that. We look to 
sustain this growth into Q4, and we look forward to speaking to all of 
you in May. Thank you very much. 
 

 
Page 29 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer:  This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity. 
Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings 
of the event, but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
