DATE: 09th February, 2023 
REF. : PIL/DVN/L 164/2022-23 
Security Code No.: 522205 
BSE LIMITED 
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS, 
25TH FLOOR, DALAL STREET, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Fax: 022-
22723121/371912037/2039/204112061 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
Company Code- PRAJIND 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF 
INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE PLAZA, 5TH FLOOR, 
PLOT NO. C/1, G BLOCK, 
BANDRA-KURLA COMPLEX, 
BANDRA (EAST), 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Fax: 022 - 66418124/25126, 
2659 8237 I 38 
Please find enclosed Transcripts of Analysts' Call of Praj Industries Ltd. held 
on 6th February 2023, regarding Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone 
and Consolidated) approved by the Board of Directors for the third quarter 
and nine months ended 31st December, 2022. 
This information is given pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
DATTATRAYA NIMBOLKAR 
CHIEF INTERNAL AUDITOR 
& COMP ANY SECRET ARY 
(M. No. 4660) 
Praj Industries limited 
Corporate Office: "Praj Tower" 274 & 275/2, Bhumkar Chowk-Hinjewadi Road, Hinjewadi, Pune : 411057. Ph: +91 20 71802000 / 22941000 
e: info@praj.net 
www.praj.net 
CIN : L27101 PN1985PLC038031 

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
Praj Industries Limited 
Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
February 06, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Praj Industries Limited Q3 
FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Sonpal 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you, Dhwani. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations 
of Praj Industries Limited. On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings call for the third quarter and 9 months ended 
of financial year 2023. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement as always. Some of 
the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause 
actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by information currently 
available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The 
purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter note. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's 
earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Sachin Raole – Chief Financial Officer and Director of Resources; 
and Dr. Ravindra Utgikar – Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Marketing. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Raole to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 23 
Sachin Raole: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good day everyone. I welcome you to Praj Industries’ Earning Call 
for Q3 & 9M FY23. Trust all of you had the opportunity to go through our results & 
investors presentation for the quarter ended 31st Dec 2022.  
As a company involved in Accelerating Energy Transition as Sustainable Climate 
Action, Praj’s initiatives are showing definitive results. This quarter we successfully 
commissioned Asia’s largest single train 510 KLPD syrup to ethanol plant and I am 
pleased to share that all performance parameters were achieved within 72 hrs of 
plant commissioning. After successful demonstration of our RenGas technology, we 
are now building a large scale commercial CBG plant for one of the leading business 
conglomerates in India. Praj’s MoU with Axens of France, for Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel projects, to decarbonize aviation sector in India is yet another milestone 
development.  
India’s transportation fuel mix scenario is changing as evidenced from exclusive 
biofuels pavilion set up at India Auto Expo held in Delhi in January. Praj was invited 
by SIAM to participate in this flagship automobile event. This clearly manifests Praj’s 
growing prowess as technology solutions provider. Infact Praj is also invited to be 
part of exclusive SAF pavilion set up by IOCL at India Energy Week, which is being 
inaugurated by Hon. Prime Minister today in Bangalore. Our CEO & MD, Shishir 
Joshipura is leading Praj delegation for this important event.  
We find union budget 2023-24 to be growth oriented with sustained focus on 
infrastructure development. Hon. Finance minster has given adequate focus on building 
sustainable industry ecosystem with provision for MSME segments. Green Growth as a 
part of Saptarshi priorities has emerged a strong development agenda. Hon. Finance 
minister has made several provisions that will bolster nation’s bioeconomy and agritech 
sector in particular. This Budget provides INR 35,000 crore for priority capital 
investments towards achieving India's goal of net zero carbon emission. 
The budget has made specific announcement to give further momentum to 
development of CBG projects. 500 new ‘waste to wealth’ plants under GOBARdhan 
(Galvanizing Organic Bio-Agro Resources Dhan) scheme will be established for 
promoting circular economy. These will include 200 compressed biogas (CBG) plants, 
including 75 plants in urban areas, and 300 community or cluster-based plants at total 
investment of INR 10,000 crore. 5% CBG mandate has been introduced for all 

 
Page 3 of 23 
organizations marketing natural and bio gas. To avoid cascading effect of taxes on 
blended compressed natural gas, the budget has proposed to exempt excise duty on 
GST-paid compressed bio gas contained in it. Removal of GST on blended CNG will help 
to create demand for biogas from oil marketing companies. It was also announced that 
appropriate fiscal support will be provided for collection of bio-mass and distribution of 
bio-manure. 
As a welcome measure for the financially stressed sugar sector, budget provided a relief 
of INR 10,000 crore. Sugar mills will be allowed to claim payments made to sugarcane 
farmers for the period prior to assessment year 2016-17 as expenditure under tax 
assessment.  
In another major policy development, recently, the Jharkhand government has issued 
Ethanol Production Promotion Policy-2022. It has a provision for a subsidy of 25% or a 
maximum of Rs 30 crore for setting up ethanol plant to encourage the ethanol capacity 
creation.  
While India’s EBP 20 program is marching ahead of its target, there are clear 
indications for further demand for ethanol by way of flex fuel vehicles. At India Auto 
Expo of last month, number of automobile companies showcased vehicles that can 
run on ethanol blend up to 85%.  
Now coming to our business operations, we closed Q3 FY 23 on a strong note with a 
healthy performance in terms of revenue and profitability.  
Our bioenergy business, In domestic market, we continued strong performance on 
the order book. Around 75% of the orders came for ethanol plants based on the 
starchy feedstock. We are observing that Sugar sector is more optimistic for its 
ethanol capacity enhancement and same trend is visible in our enquiry basket. Going 
forward we expect sugary feedstock based ethanol plants to dominate the future 
capacity creation. Our execution activities are at their optimal levels with multiple 
project sites in different geographies.  
On International front, low carbon ethanol has emerged as an interesting business 
opportunity in the USA.  We are working on few leads which are maturing beyond 
enquiry stage. We have recently completed engineering  audit for few ethanol plants 
in USA. These audits will help ethanol producers to finalize their investment decisions 

 
Page 4 of 23 
for deploying our low carbon ethanol technology solutions. Our services business is 
receiving promising response from customers in both domestic and international 
markets.  
On 2G front, pre-commissioning activities are underway in full swing at IOCL Panipat 
plant. On international front, in Europe, our discussions are advancing in a positive 
way with various prospects regarding our technology offering.    
As for CBG, our first rice straw based commercial plant is under final stages of 
commissioning. We expect the mechanical completion by end of March 2023.  Based 
on the learnings from the two commercial scale CBG plants commissioned earlier 
this year and the expectations from the customers, we are investing in R&D for 
processing different feedstock combinations for enhanced efficiency and yield. With 
series of affirmative announcements about CBG in the union budget, we expect the 
sector to gather momentum. 
On the CPES front, Energy Transition and Climate Action (ETCA) is emerging as a 
strong development agenda globally. Our Kandla facility will continue to serve the 
current market of Oil & Gas and Fertilizers.  To address the growing business 
opportunity in ETCA sector, we are investing in a new manufacturing facility to be 
housed in a new subsidiary.  
 
Talking about PHS business, our efforts of expanding offering basket is yielding the 
results.  We are witnessing increasing traction for offerings in the High-Capacity 
fermenters, which accounts for 20% of the total OB in this year. We have also 
booked our first order in the Semiconductor sector. PHS has a healthy inquiry 
basket from international markets too.  
Let me now take you through the financial highlights for the quarter and 9 month 
ended December 31, 2022 
• 
Total income from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 909.97 crore as 
compared to Rs. 585.64 crore in Q3FY22, delivering a growth of 55%. EBITDA 
grew by 69 %, stood at Rs. 86.16 Crore as against Rs. 51.0 crore in the 
corresponding period last year. PBT came in at Rs. 85.90 crore in Q3FY23 as 
compared to Rs. 50.25 crore in Q3FY22, up by 71%.  Profit after tax stood at Rs. 
62.31 crore in Q3FY23 as compared to Rs. 37.05 crore in Q3FY21 

 
Page 5 of 23 
• 
For 9MFY23, Income from Operations was Rs. 2,516.42 crore as against Rs. 
1,504.31 crore in 9MFY22, up by 67%. EBITDA for the period under review stood 
at Rs. 209.67 crore as against Rs. 127.7 crore. PAT stood at Rs. 151.68 crore in 
9MFY23 as against Rs. 92.60 crore in 9MFY22. 
• 
Export revenues accounted for 17% of Q3FY23. Of the total revenue, 72.7% is 
from Bio-energy, 19.6% from engineering and 7.7% is from PHS business. 
• 
The order intake during the quarter was Rs. 944 crore, with 83.4% coming from 
the domestic market. Of the total order intake, 81.9% came from Bio-energy, 
9.6% from engineering and balance 8.5% from PHS business. 
• 
The order backlog as of December 2022 stood at Rs. 3380 crore comprising of 
87.5% of domestic orders. 
• 
As mentioned earlier, to address growing opportunity basket from Energy 
Transition and Climate Actions agenda, we are planning to setup a new subsidiary 
with an investment of Rs. 100 crores. We have already started working on this 
expansion program.  
• 
Cash in hand as on December 31, 2022 is Rs. 604 Crs. 
I now conclude my remarks and I would like to thank you all for joining us on this 
call. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments, or suggestions 
you may have. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani  
First question is on the CBG announcement, which was made, sir. So, what would 
be our addressable market? Anything you have worked out on this? And will this 
be a viability care funding for the projects? And how much portion of the plant we 
typically do? What kind of percentage you can provide while the CBG plant has 
made? 
Sachin Raole:  
Okay. So, when we take up the CBG plant, is it to construct the entire plant. That is 
realistically kind of a thing. But instead of doing the entire plant, we prefer to do 
only the processing part of that plant, which is almost 50% to 55% kind of a number 
for any Greenfield CBG project. The opportunity right now, the details are still 

 
Page 6 of 23 
awaited. How this budget has spilled out around INR 10,000 crores of investment. 
How it is going to be made, whether it will be in a form of any kind of a subsidy or 
viability funding, we are still awaiting the details on this front and from our point 
of view, we can actually address the entire market, and that's the reason why we 
mentioned that we are investing to understanding different feedstocks because the 
combination of feedstock is going to be very, very different than what we are 
looking at. So, technically, the addressable market is the entire market from our 
side, depending on what will be the nature, what will be the size of plants, we will 
decide how we would like to take up or participate in this kind of a program.  
Amit Anwani: 
Right sir. My next question is, sir, on the ethanol order intake, which I can see we 
peaked with INR 997 crores in 4Q and post that it is actually declining on a 
sequential basis. And this quarter, it is about INR 774 crores. So, how to read this? 
Are we seeing this peaked out and second thing is on the 2G, what is the visible 
orders which are expected to come in FY '24 and in 1G, what is the yet to be 
tendered out opportunity? 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. On the Bioenergy segment, the order book which you have mentioned is 
right, but you need to also understand this is a project business. So, orders closures 
need not necessarily happen the way in which we expect it to happen. So, there is 
no necessity that we will see a sequential growth or degrowth or whatever to 
conclude what is happening in that particular segment of business. It is a long kind 
of a fall, and we have to see from a longish nature how the order closures are 
happening. We are seeing a trend continuously, mainly from the inquiry basket 
point of view, that inquiry basket is absolutely robust. Yes, sometimes it takes some 
time from the closure of those orders and that's what is actually happening. 
On the 2G side, your another question was related to 2G. Right now, in our order 
book, a very small component is still pending for servicing the existing orders. We 
are not seeing any new order intake, and we hope and expect that once the first 
commercial plant starts its operation, we will see a moment happening on the 
order book going forward. But right now, there is no additional order book which 
we have booked in the last quarter. 

 
Page 7 of 23 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. So, my last question is on the INR 100 crore investment, which you talked 
about. I think this is into engineering business, if I'm not wrong and I think it is 
hydrogen. 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. 
Amit Anwani: 
And I think this is hydrogen? Any clarity on what exactly it is? 
Sachin Raole: 
Equipment business, which basically shows the industry which I just mentioned, 
like petrochemical and gas that basket is getting increased to address the energy 
transition-related investment. We are putting up a manufacturing capacity to serve 
this market. So, we will be serving our critical equipment customers in a different 
way. We've seen that the demand for the equipment is absolutely increasing not 
only the equipment, but the modularization is actually taking a very definitive state 
and we believe that the demand which we have currently or what we are 
witnessing our existing facility at Kandla will not be sufficient to serve that kind of 
a demand and that's the reason we are putting up this additional manufacturing 
facility. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, my last thing, if I can squeeze in. On the gross margin, what is your view for the 
coming quarters on the gross margin, [indiscernible] this quarter? 
Sachin Raole:  
Okay, so the gross margin, what you have seen, yes, we are seeing that our whole 
orders where the fixed price contracts were having some kind of a pressure 
because of the commodity prices. They are coming to a closure. We believe that all 
the old orders should get over by quarter 4 and some portion in quarter 1. So, the 
trajectory of margin, if all things remain the way in which they are right now, 
especially the external factors, we will see the change in the margin trajectory from 
the next financial year. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
My question is regarding the Bio CNG policy. So, we have not read too much about 
it, but is it likely to be along the ethanol policy where there was a mandate and 
then there was also a buyback arrangement with the oil marketing companies so 
on and so forth? Is it -- how do you all see that panning out? And also, this INR 
10,000 crore support that they are talking of, is this likely to be in the form of 

 
Page 8 of 23 
subsidy or a liability gap funding. If you can shed some light on that, it would be 
very helpful. 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. So, Vivek, thank you for your question. But you must have noticed in this 
budget announcement, a very clear indication is already given by the finance 
minister that going forward, there will be some kind of a mandate on blending CBG 
too. When and how that will happen, we'll have to wait and watch. Technically, it 
is not a blending, you can actually replace CBG with CNG. But they said that at least 
a minimum of 5% of the CBG should be used and that is what the measures been 
discussed or the announced in the budget. So, your point is right, whether it will 
take a policy like ethanol, we'll have to see whether this is the beginning in that 
direction. From our point of view, it has been said very clearly that the government 
is also interested in introducing CBG, the way in which it is introduced on the 
ethanol side. So, there is a focus on CBG, which is very, very clear and got 
highlighted in this budget. It is a very positive note for CBG because that's what was 
required to create some kind of a positive ecosystem for CBG. So, yes, your point is 
right. It might happen in that direction, but we'll have to wait and watch. 
On the scenario of this INR 10,000 crores of investment, we are also awaiting the 
details on that front, whether it will be in the form of viability funding or it will be 
in the form of a subsidy. What kind of modus operandi will be there for funding, 
we will have to see and we will have to wait for more details on this front. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes. Just wanted clarity on this INR 100 crore investment. We recently 
completed our expansion in Kandla, an additional layer of capabilities to 
manufacture. So, this additional INR 100 crore investment what you are talking 
about, will be of particular specific opportunity or it will be agnostic to products 
even there will be opportunity to say a renewable chemical material we can do in 
this subsidy or it is like a specifically for some particular opportunity? 
Sachin Raole: 
Thank you, Vikram, for your question. Yes. We have recently done the expansion in 
Kandla and we realized that the expansion in Kandla is not good enough to take 
care of the demand which is coming up from this segment of critical equipment 

 
Page 9 of 23 
because the investment which is happening across in the green energy over and 
above what was happening on the CNG or LNG side, the investment is very, very 
huge which will require some kind of an investment from our side because here, 
the manufacturing has to happen at our end. We cannot outsource manufacturing 
to a third party and that is why this investment is being planned. Naturally, it is 
backed by some kind of inquiries, which we have seen in our hands. We are seeing 
the demand, which is going to get developed over a period of next 2 to 3 years and 
we feel that it is very, very necessary for us or it is the right thing for us to make 
this investment. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And this sustainable aviation with the joint venture, our efforts with the 
France, we already have G.O. for U.S. So, any specific differentiation here we have 
in terms of technology or it is more about the geographical markets there? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, Vikram, this is actually a complementary arrangement which we are having. The 
Gevo arrangement is for other Gevo, MoU was for adopting their technology on 
the conversion of molasses into isobutanol. But beyond isobutanol, when we want 
to convert into SAF, Axens is going to play a role there. Axens is also going to play 
a role when we are converting ethanol to SAF. So, this is the last leg of SAF 
manufacturing, where the Axens is going to play a role and Gevo is in the first leg 
where there is a conversion of molasses to isobutanol. So, 2 different roles, but the 
last leg is going to be taken care of by Axens. 
Moderator:  
We move to the next question from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: Congratulations sir on good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions from my side. 
One is that I wanted to know if there has been any change in our strategy in the 
market wherein we are concentrating more on margins than market share and 
what would be your current market share? 
Sachin Raole: 
That's a good question, Shailesh. And this is a question or rather the strategy is 
actually based on the input which we are receiving from all the well-wishers like all 
the analyst and people like you. We always kept on debating whether we should 
concentrate more on the market share or more on the margin side and actually, 
we are trying to balance between these 2 instead of bringing too much attention 

 
Page 10 of 23 
on the market share we decided that we need to pay more attention on the margin, 
and we are getting very, very selective in the selection of the orders especially from 
the new segment where the promoters or entrepreneurs are completely new. So, 
we are actually evaluating and figuring out what kind of seriousness is there in the 
game, and we are selecting those orders only. So, to that extent, yes the market 
share will look very different because we used to talk about market share of 60%. 
Today, we are looking at a market share of somewhere around 50%. 
Shailesh Kanani: Sir, if you can elaborate more on this. What has been the reason and when is the 
strategy changed because is it both a coming up strategy or it has been 
implemented, say, a couple of quarters behind? 
Sachin Raole: 
We are working on this strategy in this quarter where we decided that we need to 
be more choosy on the order booking intake especially when the starchy feedstock 
is becoming a prominent one. So, this was going on since the last couple of 
quarters, but actual implementation we did in this quarter. 
Shailesh Kanani: So, the positive impact on margin is yet to come, right, of course because of this? 
Sachin Raole: 
That's right. That's right. Because, as I mentioned in the earlier question also, we 
are still executing the old orders, where we are still having some kind of a backlog. 
Hopefully, that should get over in quarter 4 and from the next quarter, we will see 
the normal orders with the normal margins playing its role. 
Shailesh Kanani: And in terms of 1G ethanol if you can just tell me -- tell us the opportunity, which 
is spending or tendering in quantum terms, what is the quantum of orders you see 
in next, say, 2 years by the time we reach EBP20? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, frankly, the market is very, very dynamic Shailesh and we just cannot see from 
a lens of EBP20 only because the way this market will evolve is not necessarily 
remain EBP20 oriented market. Flexi fuel vehicles as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks is going to be a big contributor going forward. These vehicles are not only 
for the segment of 4-wheelers, but even 2-wheeler segment is also coming up in 
this kind of where ethanol is going to get used. So, the demand scenario is still not 
completely what I can say, emerged on the backdrop of all these developments 
parallelly which are happening. 

 
Page 11 of 23 
So, if you look at only from the EBP20 angle, yes it is myopic according to me. We 
will have to see the additional channels, which will get opened up on the 
convention of ethanol will put up canvass of demand on a very, very different 
platform. We are evaluating all these scenarios, trying to figure out how the 
consumption is going to play through and prepare ourselves for the capacity 
creation going forward. I will not be able to give you a specific number, saying that 
this is what we are going to contribute to. But you can get an idea of what we are 
talking about because it's not going to be only EBP20 related market. 
Shailesh Kanani: Okay. Fair enough. Sir, last question, if I can ask. Sir, we have partnerships on 
various new products we have been working on various new products. Can you 
please categorize the potential opportunity quantum wise and also period-wise, 
like in short term, medium term and long term work when we can see some fruits 
or some order booking or some revenue coming in? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, all these MoUs which we have actually entered into or we are still entering into 
are meant from the medium to long-term kind of a scenario. They are not mean 
from quarter-to-quarter or very short term. This is a development which we have 
undertaken to keep our growth trajectory on the positive side going forward, too. 
So, these are the three system if something goes wrong, EBP20 or if anything 
happens, and no, no further demand coming up on the ethanol side, we are keeping 
all our options ready with all other avenues which will actually give up the growth 
trajectory which we are looking for. But just to answer your question in short, we 
are looking for all these avenues to be developed into some kind of a 
commercialization from medium to long term. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial Services. 
Please go ahead.  
Amish Kanani: 
Sir congrats on a good execution as well as the improvement in margins. About 
CBG, sir, if you can remind us, my old note suggests that the typical CBG investment 
is of the size of INR 35 crores, INR 40 crores and with this GOBARdhan scheme 
talking about 500 plants, does it mean that we are talking about, say, initially INR 
20,000 crore kind of a market opportunity? And is it possible to guesstimate how 
soon they can come up? I understand budget is not clear about viability funding 

 
Page 12 of 23 
versus where the government is making investment of that. But some thoughts will 
help us. 
Sachin Raole: 
So, it's very difficult just to what I can say, guess the number, but let me just try to 
figure it out. INR 10,000 crores is the investment which is being talked about by the 
Honorable Finance Minister in her budget, but it is divided between 2 segments. 
One is on the CBG side and 1 on the cluster segment. Cluster segment investment 
might be on a lower side. Now what will be the percentage of allocation of fund to 
that side and what will be the on the CBG side, still we will have to see. But taking 
a cue, some kind of a cue or some kind of an estimate, actually one plant is going 
to cost INR 30 crores on an average I am just putting a number because small plants 
will cost a little lower than that number. We are talking about the investment 
number which you mentioned more or less in that kind of a direction. Yes, it can be 
in the range of INR 20,000 crores, but we would like to still wait to see how this is 
going to be evolved over a period of time. So, today, it might be a little premature 
to give you some kind of a number over there. 
Amish Kanani: 
Okay. Okay and sir, is it fair to assume that your market share the way you are 
dominating in ethanol, is it fair to assume that our market share here will only be 
in the similar size? Can we assume a market share in excess of 50% or it's again too 
early? My point is what is the competitive landscape in this market beyond Praj? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, as compared to ethanol, CBG competition market or others, the landscape is 
very, very different. In ethanol, they were very few players in that sense. So, we are 
playing a very serious role on ethanol but in CBG we are seeing multiple kind of a 
competition number. So, it is completely -- the entire market if you look at including 
the competition is completely evolving. So, it is too early to say that our market 
share is going to be 50 or 10. We would like to play a meaningful and a leading role 
in that segment. That is what I can say at this point of time. 
Amish Kanani: 
And sir, on the flex fuel side, you did mention about SIAM calling us and also a lot 
of manufacturers offering their products. Here, sir, how do you see the evolution? 
One, in terms of a lot of players are showing the E85 kind of vehicle. So, the 
question is, how do you see that market evolving and is there a role where the 
government will again mandate that you have to introduce this vehicle with the 
next time line and stuff like that, sir? 

 
Page 13 of 23 
Sachin Raole: 
So, this is what the auto industry is looking for by introducing vehicles, which can 
run on ethanol blended ethanol or on ethanol. This is what the plan they have 
actually announced in the Auto Expo. We will have to see to what extent these 
numbers are coming up. But the encouraging part was there are multiple players 
who actually talk about it. It is not only 1 player or 2 players. So, this gives 
confidence to us that the population or the percentage of flex fuel vehicle is going 
to be on a higher side, which will add to the demand which is required for ethanol. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, sir. And last question if I can... 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt sir, we request you to please come back in the queue. The next 
question is from the line of Kunal Sheth from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Sheth: 
Congratulations on a great set of number. Sir, my question is what is our sense and 
how much of 1G ordering would have been already completed by now? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, are you referring this to EBP20? 
Kunal Sheth: 
Yes, that's right. 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. So, if you are only considering the capacity creation requirement for EBP20, 
somewhere around balanced capacity of maybe INR 450 crores to INR 500 crores 
is still remaining to be created. 
Kunal Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, as far as 2G is concerned, you were saying that we have already 
completed the pilot projects and now inquiries for 2G are active? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, Kunal, yes, what we mentioned that there were 3 orders, commercial scale 
orders we are currently executing. They are in the final leg. One is in the advanced 
stage, two might be a year down the line. Apart from these 3 orders, we said that 
there are no new orders which have been announced in the domestic market. But 
at the same time, I was referring to Europe market, where we are dealing with 
couple of inquiries and being a complex kind of a nature of this entire 2G story 
itself, its taking time, but it is moving in a very positive way because we need to 
have the right promoters and the right investors to commit to this 2G story and 
which is what is happening right now in the Europe side. 

 
Page 14 of 23 
Kunal Sheth: 
Sure and sir, while we have been maintaining this 950 to 1,000 kind of a run rate 
for several quarters now. So, do we think there is enough visibility in the short 
term? I understand there are a lot of triggers in the medium term to maintain this 
run rate for the next few quarters. 
Sachin Raole: 
Our endeavor is naturally to maintain that kind of a run rate. But we will have to 
see, as I mentioned earlier also that this is a project business. The order finalization 
sometimes takes time. The positive input which I can give you on the order book 
that we are right now looking at a very all-rounded kind of order book and not 
making concentrated only on 1 business, that's the effort which we are right now 
doing. So, it will help us in maintaining this kind of a run rate, but it is completely 
what I can say is our endeavor to keep this run rate on. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt sir. Please join the queue back. The next question is from the line 
of Prashant Shah from Serum Institute of India Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Shah: 
My first question was on just a follow-up of what you indicated right now. If you 
can just give us a trend or your view on the trend in the order book for the last 3-4 
quarters. I think it picked up somewhere in Q4 and Q1 and has been on a slightly 
softening trend over the last Q2 and Q3. And my other question was a slightly book 
keeping question. If you see the difference between console numbers and stand-
alone numbers. If you can just explain why Q3 last year, the stand-alone PAT of INR 
64 crores turned out to a PAT of INR 37 crores at consol level. And this year, why 
the trend is reversed? If you can just explain that much? 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. Prashant, first, to your question related to order book, I already said that we 
are trying to see how the composition of order intake from different businesses 
should give us the run rate which we are looking at. Yes, composition may change 
the order placement scenario may change and quarter-on-quarter, it will be a little 
difficult for us to comment what is going to happen. I see that on the annualized 
basis, our order booking is going to be on the healthy side. That's what our plan is 
to maintain the growth momentum, which we have already achieved. The second 
question is related to the difference between the standalone and the consolidated 
numbers between the September quarter versus December quarter. in the 
standalone... 

 
Page 15 of 23 
Prashant Shah: 
I think December quarter to December quarter. 
Sachin Raole: 
December quarter to December quarter. So, if you look at in the stand-alone you 
are talking about only quarter? 
Prashant Shah: 
I'm talking about the quarter last year, Q3 quarter to the end this year, Q3 quarter. 
Sachin Raole: 
On a standalone number? 
Prashant Shah: 
On a standalone number, if you see last year, Q3, we reported a profit of INR 64 
crores, which on a consolidated number turned out to be INR 35 crores. 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay. So, if you look at INR 64 crores of the last 31st December '21 quarter, we 
were having the dividend income from a subsidiary company to the tune of INR 30 
crores. So, technically, if you remove the dividend, the profit should have been in 
the range of INR 34 crores. So, profit has moved actually from INR 34 crores to INR 
55 crores in this quarter. 
Prashant Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So, that was the only component there? 
Sachin Raole: 
That's right. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Sir, my question was regarding the recent news flow. The government has 
preponed the ethanol blending target by 2 years. Sir, just wanted to know your take 
on it? Is it practically possible for the industry to achieve this 20% target in 1 year? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, Krisha, thank you for your question. The target was more first from 30% to 25% 
from the blending target point of view. Now what is the announcement, which you 
have heard or read in the newspaper is related to availability of ethanol of 20% 
blended with the gasoline will be made available from '23 onwards itself. So, this is 
going to be like on a trial basis because it has to start so that we can actually see 
this EBP20 program catching up in 2025. So, this is what is going to happen from 
OMC side, they will be putting up a few pumps, it would be 20% blended petrol. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Correct, so the 20%... 

 
Page 16 of 23 
Sachin Raole: 
So, the entire target is advanced. It is not that the entire 20% target is advanced by 
2 years, but it is the availability, which is going to happen from 2023. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Correct. So, basically, they will initiate this 20% blending from 2023 itself, but only 
on selected petrol pump. 
Sachin Raole: 
That is right. That's right. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Jay Shah from Capital PMS. Please go ahead. 
Jay Shah: 
Yes. Congratulations, sir, for a great set of numbers. Sir, my question was bit on the 
macro side. If you can explain us some moving parts in the whole hydrogen chain 
that what is happening? And secondly, sir, on the last call, you mentioned about 
the Inflation Reduction Act, the bill that was passed in the U.S., are we getting some 
traction there and attention there from even the U.S. players on the clean energy 
front? 
Sachin Raole: 
Second question, can you please repeat? The first question, I got it, but second 
question, if you can repeat? 
Jay Shah: 
The second question is, sir, Inflation Reduction Act, the IRA bill that was passed. 
Sachin Raole: 
Okay, understood. Yes. So, the first part hydrogen is according to us, it's a little early 
to mention what is going to happen, what I can say, the road map is going to come 
up for hydrogen because there is a talk around it in a big way, but we will have to 
figure it out how it is going to get actually played out in the near future. We are 
definitely preparing ourself on multiple fronts including for that matter, the 
investment which you have mentioned for putting up the manufacturing facilities 
basically to provide critical equipment required for hydrogen manufacturing. So, 
we are preparing on all the fronts, one on the energy side; second, on the 
equipment side also. I think at the cost of repetition, I will say that in the equipment 
side, we are actually making everything to find out how it can be offered in a 
modularized way. So, we are investing a lot on that side. So, that is on hydrogen 
side. 
Second thing on IRA, I also mentioned that in the international front, we are seeing 
especially from U.S.A., demand which will emerge on the low-carbon ethanol. This 

 
Page 17 of 23 
is nothing but an outcome of this IRA which you just mentioned, where we have 
already started providing our services. We have already done audit for at least 3 
plants at this point of time, and there will be stages of these audits, and we are 
moving from 1 stage to a second to prove that what can be done with our 
technology solutions for reducing the carbon intensity in their ethanol. So, yes, 
action is going on based on what is happening on the IRA front too. 
Jay Shah: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just the last question, you had mentioned that a lot of 
European companies and the U.S. companies, they are waiting for how our Panipat 
plant turns out to be because you said that a lot of eyes were there on how we are 
able to ramp up there. So, what is the progress on that? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, as I mentioned in my remarks, Jay, that our pre-commissioning activities going 
on. So, we have completed the mechanical completion. So, the plant is technically 
ready, but it has multiple sections. So, we are actually going to section by section 
checking of that. Checking out how it is going to perform. So, when we are taking 
up the entire plant from the commercial production point of view, we should not 
have any surprises. So, we are getting that completely done in the next couple of 
months' time. That's the first development, which is going on the Panipat side. 
Yes, we mentioned that based on the visibility of commercial production from a 
commercial plant, the other markets are naturally going to react to it and that is 
what is going to happen in Europe. It is going to be a long story. It is not going to be 
a short story, and that we always maintain that it is not going to be in the short 
term. It is going to evolve only in the medium term. But every step, I can tell you as 
feedback to you guys that on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we are very definitively 
progressing in a positive direction. The investors and the promoters both made to 
be completely comfortable before they commit the investment into 2G piece. In 
Europe, the investment for 1 particular plant is not going to be less than EUR 200 
million to EUR 250 million. So, this is a huge investment. And that is why it is going 
to be traded a little bit more cautiously where the Panipat plant will definitely help 
us in exhibiting that and our work, which we have already started working with 
these prospects is going to give us some kind of an edge in the European market. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Divyanshu Sachdeva from White Oak. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 23 
Divyanshu Sachdeva: 
So, first question, I mean, I'm sorry, I joined the call a bit late. Can you please 
explain your -- this new MoU that you have signed with the Axens? Like what kind 
of role, Praj is playing? And what does this mean?  
Sachin Raole: 
For SAF, there is a long, what I can say manufacturing phase starting either from 
molasses or ethanol to SAF. So, there are 2 parts, first leg and second leg. The 
second leg is related to SAF manufacturing. We have joined hands with Axens, 
where we will be using Axens technology for conversion of whether isobutanol to 
SAF or conversion of ethanol to SAF. So, that's the leg where Axens is going to play 
a role. We are going to play a role for isobutanol and ethanol. And that ethanol is 
going to be low-carbon ethanol. So, it's a change where both of us are going to play 
a role first part by Praj; second part by Axens. 
Divyanshu Sachdeva: 
Okay. And this isobutanol to ethanol is also something which we have tied 
with Gevo? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. So, isobutanol is from molasses to isobutanol, where Gevo is the one whose 
technologies we have adopted. They have corn technology. We adopted their corn 
technology in molasses to isobutanol. 
Divyanshu Sachdeva: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And just 1 more thing, like if I see Gevo's 
commentary, like Gevo and other, in fact, airline commentary, let's say, for 
example, British airline has committed around 10% SAF by 2030. Gevo has tied up 
for an offtake agreement of 350 million gallons and tied up with various airlines like 
American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, Japanese airlines. So, it seems like Gevo is very, 
very positive in terms of SAF to be the next growth driver. So, anything like they 
have indicated or something like towards us like how they would pan this thing and 
how this thing should be very much incremental for Praj itself because this seems 
very incremental and very positive. Let's say they have also mentioned that the 
entire SAF space would be worth more than 30 billion gallons over the next 2 
decades or something. So, is it something that we are seeing going forward from 
the Gevo side? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, if you look at European market and U.S. market, they have already started 
committing on the SAF front, which has not happened in India. There is no 
commitment in the sense, there is no blending mandate per se for the SAF in Indian 

 
Page 19 of 23 
market, but that has already started happening in European and American markets. 
Why are airlines committing? Because they have seen this commitment, they 
would like to meet with going forward. And that's why they are committing their 
requirement of SAF from the Gevo side. So, that's a big development that market 
is happening. In our market also, it will have its own impact and we will see some 
kind of mandates coming up going forward on the SAF blending in India too which 
will create opportunity for us have manufacturing facilities for SAF in India. Right 
now, the facilities, manufacturing facilities are going to be outside India and not in 
India immediately, at least for some time. But we will see that kind of development 
happening in the medium term. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir my question is on the order books and execution. So, if I see while our order 
book has been growing, growth has slowed down a little bit. So, can you comment 
more on that and our execution has been quite good. So, given such a high order 
book, what is the kind of guidance on revenue and margin front you would like to 
give? 
Sachin Raole: 
Ankur, I have already mentioned about how the order book is standing for us and 
how it is going to get evolved over a period of time. As I said, in the short term, I 
mean if I just bucket it in the short, medium and long term, I think in the short term, 
ethanol is definitely going to play its big role; short to medium term role in the 
Bioenergy segment we will see CBG playing its role; from medium to long term, we 
see SAF is going to play a big role. So, in the Bioenergy segment from short to long 
term, we see very definitive candidates sitting with us in our Bioenergy offering. 
This is on the short, medium and long-term for the Bioenergy segment. If I look at 
engineering, engineering has started picking up beautifully well for us. It will span 
out once we have the manufacturing facility coming up. It will give us some kind of 
a fillip if there is any kind of a blip in the Bioenergy segment, and it will give us 
complete filling up kind of an effect on the engineering side from the medium to 
long term. 
So, this is how the trajectory for us from the order booking or from the business 
growth kind of a thing which we are seeing going forward. Revenue and margins, it 

 
Page 20 of 23 
will be too early, generally. We don't give any kind of a futuristic statement or a 
guideline of date. But I'm sure that it will be in line with the order booking which 
we are going to have in these business segments. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. And in terms of execution, the fourth quarter is the best quarter. So, can 
we expect that to continue here also? 
Sachin Raole: 
See the way in which we have seen this year getting evolved, we are seeing more 
or less. More or less, we are seeing quarter-on-quarter, the execution is falling in 
place, your point is valid, but first 6 months used to be on the lower side and the 
next 6 months used to be on a higher side, but we are now seeing that some kind 
of a trend length is coming up in our quarterly performance. So, yes, quarter 4 is 
generally good. It will remain good, if I'm not wrong. But more or less, we will see 
going forward, the scenario that more or less quarter-on-quarter numbers are 
going to be in some kind of a range. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Hemant, Individual Investor. 
Hemant: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of questions from 
my side, sir. Firstly, what is the current ethanol blending? 
Sachin Raole: 
Current ethanol blending? 
Hemant: 
In terms of percentage? 
Sachin Raole: 
It has almost reached 12%. 
Hemant: 
12%. So, sir, what kind of revenue visibility we have for the remaining 8%? 
Sachin Raole: 
See some kind of capacity is already either got created or already got contracted. 
In another question, I was mentioning that another capacity of almost INR 450 
crores to INR 500 crores of liters is still pending. So, that capacity creation will come 
up over a period of time. 
Hemant: 
So, what kind of revenue we can expect from the 450 to 500 kilo liters of ethanol 
in the next 2 to 3 years? 

 
Page 21 of 23 
Sachin Raole: 
So, if you want me to say what is the total CAPEX around this capacity is going to 
be there, then if it is 450 to 500 makes almost 100 to 150 plants can come up. The 
total investment will be in the range of around INR 10,000 crores to INR 15,000 
crores. From the addressable market point of view, if you look at Praj, it will be 
somewhere around INR 6,000 crores to INR 7,000 crores. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Namaskar, congratulations, and thanks for giving me opportunity to 
speak. My straight question is regarding the likely internal projection of yours in 
this quarter sales? I mean, can you quantify the turnover that you are likely to 
achieve in this quarter, if at all? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, you are asking me what will be the numbers for the coming quarter? 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: Top line for this quarter, existing quarter ending on March '23. 
Sachin Raole: 
Sorry, we don't give any kind of guidance. I am extremely sorry. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani:  No problem. But it has to be 20%, 30% higher, sir, than the existing one? 
Sachin Raole: 
We don't give this guidance directly or indirectly. I am extremely sorry. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani:  Okay, sir. Would you like to give name to the 3 plants that you are already 
coming up for making ethanol from syrup? This company's name for whom you are 
executing, if it all you can share? 
Sachin Raole:    
Yes, sure, it is Mirani Industries based out of Karnataka. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani:   Sir, you have written 510-liter per day single plant is being commissioned 
for them or has been commissioned? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani:  It is for Mirani Industry. Is it a private limited company sir or a listed 
company? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, you can have a look at them, this full entity is also within them. And there are 
multiple 2 or 3 set ups they have within their own group. 

 
Page 22 of 23 
Moderator:  
I'm sorry to interrupt Sanjeev. We will request you to please come back in queue. 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: Sir, I just wanted to understand if we have booked any after-sales service revenues 
in this quarter and given that the ethanol production capacity in the last 3 years 
have kind of leap frogged from, say, 4x to 5x. So, if you can shed some light going 
ahead, what kind of opportunity we can get from this? 
Sachin Raole: 
From the segment of services? 
Shailesh Kanani: Yes, right? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, services, we are very cautiously treading that business. And that business has 2 
or 3 segments. One is the consumables or the bio solutions, which we sell under 
that, which basically act like a performance in assets for the plant. We are seeing a 
good traction for that business within the domestic and international. International 
is taking some time because that market needs a demonstration to be done of our 
performance enhances there. So, 1 by 1, we are actually tackling that kind of 
demonstrations for those people, whenever the sugar season is available. So, last 
year, we did for almost 4 or 5 customers in Brazil for the testing of this 
demonstration and we will continue that kind of a scenario going forward also. So, 
we see a good growth kind of traction to come up for the consumables business, 
which we call as performance enhancers in the domestic and international business 
both. 
There is another segment on the operations and maintenance O&M. We have 
started offering those services within the Bioenergy segment especially on the 1G 
plant. And the idea was to get used to understanding this segment very well. 
because this business, O&M business within 1G may not have that kind of an 
opportunity, but it will come up in a good amount of way in the CBG side and on 
the second generation or even for the 1G plant, which are coming up on the starchy 
based feedstock. So, this was like a preparedness from our side to understand how 
this business can come up and we are doing at least 2 or 3 specific orders on the 
O&M at this point of time. To some extent, yes, that kind of an order is book is 
already booked in this quarter of December. 

 
Page 23 of 23 
Shailesh Kanani: And sir, 1 more thing. If you can just shed some light on Bio-Prism RCM front, if 
anything, you can like to highlight the status or opportunity, anything on the RCM 
front? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes. So, RCM front, I did not specifically mention because it's not on the short-term 
kind of a scenario, it is going to be medium term to long term. We are already 
marching on our product development phases in a very, very positive way. The 
results for the first couple of products which we have started working on are 
encouraging. This business is going to be a little different, and we are aware about 
the nature of this business because this business is not going to be as traditional 
like the ethanol business of CBG. So, we are working on what kind of mechanism 
and business models will emerge and we are trying to figure out how to get into 
that kind of a stage. But it is going to be more on the medium to long-term kind of 
a phase, not short term. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
management from Praj Industries Limited for closing comments. 
Sandip Bhadkamkar: 
First of all, thank you very much for your time today. If you have any more 
questions, feel free to write us at info@praj.net and we look forward to interacting 
with you again. Have a nice day. Thank you. 
Moderator:    
On behalf of Praj Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
