  
 
 

 
February 13, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call 
 
 
Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated February 7, 2023, for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the financial results for the 3rd quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2022, in this connection please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
5HJG2IILFH
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
8QLWė&:LQJ21(%.&*%ORFN%DQGUD.XUOD&RPSOH[
%DQGUD(DVW0XPEDLė0DKDUDVKWUD,QGLD
7HO)D[
&,11R/0+3/&
(PDLOLQYHVWRUUHODWLRQV#PVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
ZHEVLWHZZZPVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2023.02.13 
16:21:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Results Conference Call” 
February 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. G. N. GAUBA 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 
 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited Q3 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal, Chairman, Motherson Sumi Wiring India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to be on the call. The company has done 
very well under the circumstances, but many things have come into one quarter itself. While we 
have in the nine months, 10 months, we have opened three new plants, almost about 7000- 8000 
people extra have been working. 
But because of the chip situation for some customers and some other conditions of supply chains 
for some other customers, there has been a congruence of a little bit of confusion. So because 
they could not start  models  on time. And they have actually carried on with the old kind of  
models. But this clarity will be given by Anurag and Gauba. I would request you to have a patient 
hearing, and we think that this quarter is a work-in-progress kind of quarter, and you will see 
very good results coming in the next few quarters. Over to you back, open  house for the 
questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen we will now begin question and answer session, 
anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you 
wish to remove yourself from the question queue you may press star and 2. Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles, We have a first question from the line of Kapil 
Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Hi good afternoon sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly,  just on you know one-time items, 
which are there exchange loss and also one time cost of  OP Cos. -- if you could just explain 
what are the reasons these are, we are coming through? 
G.N. Gauba: 
Yes, sir. Thanks, Kapil. As you know, we have all 100% domestic business. So while there is a 
pass-through. But in the last quarter, we have seen the significant movement on the Japanese 
yen side, which got strengthened more towards December. And as a result, we have not only 
some Japanese yen exchange loss as well as onto the reinstatement of sundry creditor. So that 
loss is about INR 10 crores. 
Of course, as we have a quarterly lag, this gets recovered over a period of time as the customer 
pricing gets adjusted to that extent. And this INR 4 crores expenses are onetime costs in respect 
of certain like we had  a bonus issue, we also are separating the software between MSWIL and 
non-domestic wiring harness business because this business was working as one in India. So 
therefore, these are onetime costs, which we thought we will share with you as one-off items. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay got it Sir. And sir, second, we've also disclosed that we have you know six new or full 
model changes, which are you know planned. So and I just wanted to get clarity, these six models 
will represent 40% of our total business or it is the 11 we have already launched plus six? 
G.N. Gauba: 
 
All models together, 11-plus six, will constitute 40% of the revenues. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay Okay, So for now, just wanted to understand, we have increased the capacity by 25%. That 
covers for all these models or do you think, when we think of capex requirements for next year, 
more capex will be required. So that's one question. And the second related to this is also if you 
could talk about how does the margin profile generally work when you have so many new 
models coming through. Is it that initially margins are lower and they sort of improve over a 
period of time or right from the start you have margins around average company level? 
G.N. Gauba: 
Okay, Kapil, I will try to address and Anurag will help me out. First of all, I think we don't have 
to remind you again that we do not guide on margins. I mean, we have focused on Return on 
Capital Employed and your question is very pertinent given that when you start with a new 
model, you don't start with the same level of profitability, because it takes time for you to achieve 
certain level of efficiencies. Motherson has been known for localization and it's not possible to 
just start with a high level of localization on day one, given sometimes the volume visibility as 
well as the customer.  
So straight away, it takes time for model profitability to mature over a period of time. Initially, 
you have the initial setup cost, initial training of the people cost and that is what we have 
highlighted and Mr. Sehgal also mentioned about 7000 net people we have added in last nine 
months. In fact, you will look at compared to September quarter to December quarter, our 
employees head cost has come down because as you achieve some level of efficiency or some 
level of ramp up, you are able to achieve certain better profitability or better efficiency level so 
as to say.  
The second question in respect to the capex, yes our capacity for these models which we have 
described is currently available, but at the same time we have a golden rule that once we start 
crossing 80% of the capacity, touch 80% we start expanding the capacity. And we do have a lot 
of new models which will come during the later part of the year as well as following year. Given 
that our largest part of the expenditure goes into land and building, plus on the people's side, 
which is charged to the revenue, it's a continuous process and we will continue to add our 
capacities given our commitment or our traction from the customers as well as optimism about 
the volumes. 
Kapil Singh: 
 
Okay perfect, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. First question pertains to the copper price related impact in 
this quarter. So, would you be trying to say that our revenue growth in the quarter would have 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
been higher, but for the RM cost, copper cost pass through, which we have taken it down, which 
is still a very good number, but just want you to understand whether there's any negative impact 
of cost pass through on the revenue growth? 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Gauba, can you take that? 
G.N. Gauba: 
Jinesh, the movement between the two copper price has not been that very significant. At the 
same time, there are less number of working hours. We have tried to give the number of working 
hours also. As well as ERP maintenance. Plus, we are all aware how some of the customers have 
gone in public domain also, which you are tracking more than us. How many cars they could 
not build because of those supply chain issues. So therefore it is a cumulative effect and it's not 
just value proposition, it will not make a significant difference given that the movement has been 
more in a narrower range than in a significant duration. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it, got it. And the second question pertains to the capex. So the investments which we have 
done for the new plants, would it be  trying to say that this kind of capex may not come in FY 
'24 given that we'll be having adequate capacity for next year, year and half? Would we see 
moderation in capex from where we are in FY '23? 
G.N. Gauba: 
I mean, Jinesh, there are two parts to it. Number one, given that we have to build our capacity 
more on the space side land and building, you can't build it just overnight. It takes time for you 
to, get the land, get everything in place. Secondly, we have to build our plants to the full capacity 
well in advance of launch. So '24-'25 models also we will need to start planning for those capex 
in '22-'23 or '23-'24 in that respect. Thus. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Jinesh, we are continuously winning orders. So, for those things we will be doing it. And normal 
time when we start looking at new capacity enhancement, we start almost a year, year and a half 
before the predicted date of supply. So it's a very difficult question to answer. But I think what 
orders in hand we have the capacity. And as we win more orders, I'm sure with your good wishes, 
we are going to win even more orders. Definitely more plants will come. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it, got it. And a couple of clarifications. So, one is at EBITDA level, as per segregated 
format, 2Q EBITDA was about INR 180.8 crores, whereas in PPT we are indicating INR 190 
crores. So, what is the difference for? 
G.N. Gauba: 
Jinesh, and this is where the first footnote starts with saying that this is the first quarter, this is 
the first financial year when we are reporting  MSWIL results as a standalone company. The 
figures which are showing -- shown until December quarter last year are in the statutory format 
are from the discontinued operations what MSSL was reporting. 
That did not have a proforma adjustment on account of management fee as well as the rentals, 
which is for the factory  premises being used by MSWIL because until December, it was within 
the same company pocket in pocket out could not be accounted for in that respect. And in March, 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
we had done the adjustment for the full year, which has been spread out over the 4 quarters. And 
you can see that in each of the quarterly presentations last year as well as in March, we had given 
annexure for all the four quarters on the going forward basis. So, the comparison has been done 
based on that pro-forma numbers. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Sorry, Gauba sir, you are referring to second quarter of FY '23? September quarter EBITDA? 
G.N. Gauba: 
 
I mean, there may be something which we are adding, we can check that offline. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. The second clarification was regarding the EBITDA again for the 2Q, we had 
indicated there was one-off items, would it be possible to quantify that? The  4 crores, which is 
there in third quarter, the similar number for second quarter? 
G.N. Gauba: 
 
I just answered, no, this was not there in the previous quarter. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Okay got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank You Sir for the opportunity. Sir, it is heartening to see the number of orders, new models 
being added by the company. Of the new models, which company is working on, it would be a 
combination across powertrains. If possible, can you give some quantitative, qualitative colour 
on efforts or additions relating to EV and hybrids? 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Anurag would you be able to answer that question? We have it in the presentation, I think. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
For Electric vehicle, as you know that we are already in the passenger vehicle, in buses, and 
obviously in the two-wheeler and commercial vehicle side. So we are available in all the 
segments in the electric vehicle. And coming forward also, we are winning the new orders also, 
which you are going to see in FY '23- '24. So those are already part of these financials, the 
electric also. And we are not bifurcating, but yes, we have a very-very positive from the market 
and we are winning in all the segments, the orders. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Anurag, heartening to hear that. Optimum utilization in new facilities is expected in 
Q1 FY '24 as per the presentation. How much would optimum utilization be? Would it be 70%- 
80%? And is it possible to indicate current utilization? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Current utilization of the plant is, yes, what you're saying. Like what we have explained to you 
that we have added the three new facilities also, and you know, enhanced our overall capacities 
by over 25%. And as Gauba ji was also talking about that we are keeping a 80% of our capacity 
and then we are expanding those capacity accordingly. So utilization goes one to 80% to our 
capacity. We go for the further, enhancing our capacities and doing the utilization accordingly. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it. And generally, there is some component sourcing that happens from Samvardhana 
Motherson. So will dependence on SAMIL be lesser in new capacities?  

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Anurag Gahlot: 
No, it is not. Within the group synergy, we are doing a lot of development like new type of wires 
we are moving into, which is the high temperature cables. We are going into the very, very 
specific cables like LVD cables and data cables and we are a lot of focus on the localization. So 
we are taking with the group's synergy and doing a lot of localization work also. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it. On the currency exposure side, would we have hedges? Is there an automatic pass through 
for yen or dollar movement? Or does it happen through negotiations? 
G.N. Gauba: 
I’m Gauba this side. We have generally a pass through arrangement with the customer. It is a 
part of the process. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it sir. And Gauba sir, working capital is on the higher side. How do you see the reduction in 
working capital going ahead? 
G.N. Gauba: 
Number one, it will get reduced the moment whatever are the planned orders they get executed. 
So, with the crucial stabilization of supply chain and with the incremental revenues coming, the 
working capital will get reduced. As well as given the uncertain situation, the customers have 
also asked us to maintain high level of inventories. So, it is a combination of the two. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you very much Sir.  
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Also, I think many of the customers, we can't take the names. Many of the customers are 
extending the life of the older models, because of supply chain issues or things like that. So there 
is two kind of inventory and also express inventories have been asked because of this  confusion. 
So, I think over the period of time, maybe three months, six months, it’s going to equalize and 
that will lead to reduction of the working capital. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thankyou Sir, extremely helpful. If I can just add one more question, Company as you indicated 
in the opening remarks, the company has added 7,000 employees on a base of 40,000 employees 
in March '22. So almost like a 20% employee addition. Is it fair to assume that the percentage 
value addition or increasing content will be 20% or higher? 
G.N. Gauba: 
I think, Raghu, this is a tough question, but it is in terms of the capacity. I mean, we have to 
understand that the  wiring harness business is a people's job. And yes, you build your capacity 
not just by acquiring a building or a space, but also by training all the people. So I would not 
like to guide you on a specific number. But directionally I think we have said that we have 
expanded capacity. 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
But quarter-on-quarter actually the workforce number has come down slightly. Even though it's 
still 7,000, but from last quarter to this quarter it's come down. 
G.N. Gauba: 
We have a target, Mr. Sehgal, for productivity improvement all the time. We have a combination 
of the two. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it Sir, thank you very much. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Yash Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Yash Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question. Your other income has substantially reduced by 
90% from INR 11 crores to less than an INR 1 crore in the current quarter, so any specific 
reason? 
G.N. Gauba: 
See, this is largely on account of services which after the accounting standard 115 was 
introduced, so which are passed through phase wherein the component of those assembly risk is 
with the customer. And those volumes have come down in the current quarter. 
Yash Agarwal: 
 So but ideally that part would be reflected in the other operating income, right? This is the line 
item like below the revenue from operations. So this is more skewed towards the non-operating 
side. 
G.N. Gauba: 
Okay, so you're talking about non-operating income, other income. I mean that. So that I would 
not . I mean, it's anyway not counted in EBITDA, so it's a non-operating income. It could be. I 
was focused on the services. I will check back and come back.  
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, my first question again is on this new or full model change. I just wanted to understand first 
is that are these completely new models or we are sort of taking or these are not present earlier 
and we are now getting into that model. Any slightly minor detail can you share here? 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
I think it's difficult for us to quantify, which one is what. But anyway, Anurag and Gauba, can 
you give some light on this? We normally don't talk about the customer. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes, sir. As it's difficult to go by model, model, but approximately the new model comes around 
60% to 70% and 30% to 40% is the full model change comes out of this. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
That means we are getting into the model which we were not present earlier, And it is a  full 
model change? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
 
Yes. 
G.N. Gauba: 
Just to correct, it is also possible the customers have come all together with the newer model. 
So, I mean, as Mr. Segal said, it is very difficult for us to get into a discussion on the customer 
related matters. But for us, what is important is that what we have developed these products from 
an engineering side, what we have done in terms of setting up of the lines and ensuring that there 
is a successful launch from the customer end and train our manpower.  
So I think our focus is clearly on what we have to do. That's the whole point, irrespective of 
model is new,  was there a competition or was not there. I mean, it does not matter to us. I think 
that's how… 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Fair enough. Sir I wanted to as this question because basically in many new models which are 
getting launched like a lot of content also which sort of increases in compared to the earlier 
version. So are we seeing an increase in content for us as we supply to a completely new model 
or is it similar for a full model change also compared to what we were supplying earlier. If you 
can give us an insight there.  
G.N. Gauba : 
You have a question as well as the answer because the vehicles which come today have many 
more features. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So any number you  share how much higher content we would be supplying to our sort of model 
which is getting fully changed compared to the earlier model? 
G.N. Gauba: 
 
Let's avoid getting into that level of discussion. 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
It's very difficult. I know it helps you, but the thing is for us to calculate all that and we've said, 
you know,  certain models are model change. Sometimes it's complete change of the model. 
Very difficult to compare and tell you, because there is a possible, but also if it will help you I 
told you that the customers are doing both the thing. The older model also is going on and the 
new model has started. And they're having supply chain issues on the new model so they're 
carrying on the old one. So it's very difficult to explain to you how we can do it without referring 
to the customers. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, a few classifications. We said that the inventories have gone up by about INR 312 crores. 
So is it compared to the last quarter or FY '22? How to read that? 
G.N. Gauba: 
 
As compared to March. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
March '22. And we have also said that we are in discussions, I think in the last quarter also we 
had indicated that we are in discussions for some realignment of costs from our customers. Any 
clarity about how close we are to that or how much is under recovery, any number if you can 
share about, where are we in that journey? 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Gauba see, if you can help them with this information. But You know it is a continuous process. 
For example if the labour costs have gone up dramatically like in the north, south, anywhere 
then we start all negotiations all over again.  Or if  the component prices have changed, the  Yen 
prices have changed. Whatever you can think about it there is a continuous team in our company 
which is, you know, if the changes happen, the effect happen, then they keep negotiating. So 
some are getting resolved, some are getting created. It's a continuous journey. I don't know how, 
but Gauba, see if you can help him. 
Pankaj Mital: 
It’s Pankaj here. What we can say is that we are very positively engaged with the customers, and 
as Mr. Sehgal said, that many of them have already been resolved, but then since it's a continuous 
process, it's continuing.  

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. I hope you have got answers for whatever points were concerning you. 
Negotiations in our business is a continuous process, because wirings harness is the most 
changed component in an automotive, whichever way you look at it. If an electrical part changes, 
the wiring harness changes. So all these particular going negotiations with the customer and with 
our suppliers, et. cetera, is an ongoing process. And we try and finalize everything in the fourth 
quarter, that's the last quarter, as much as possible. 
But if there's a major change happening in that particular thing, we can't avoid it. But I think you 
will see the next coming quarters, the demand of the cars and everything is going up normally. 
We believe that you will be much better answered on our results. Thank you very much and wish 
you all a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe Harbour : The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript 
is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and 
assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may 
include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market 
conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or 
industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or 
omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation 
and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they 
deem necessary. 
 
