 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E-filing 
 
 
SEC/1302/2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              February 13, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
Kind Attn.: The Manager, Listing Dept. 
 
BSE Ltd.             
Corporate Relationship Department,  
27th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Dept.  
 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcripts of Antique’s Annual Investor Conference made on Monday, 
February 6, 2023.  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable Regulations, 
if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”),  
as amended from time to time 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Kindly refer to our letter no. SEC/0602/2023 dated February 06, 2023 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recordings of Antique’s Annual Investor Conference made on Monday, February 6, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are now submitting 
herewith the transcripts of the Antique’s Annual Investor Conference made on Monday, February 6, 
2023 (Session 1 and Session 2). 
  
The aforesaid transcripts are also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder)  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAYA 
RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=7428, 
pseudonym=9fdeb5687d624d869f090b93
61568600, 
2.5.4.20=e1e7d44fe70d01431f3f8f9fbc5d5
79df83d4f144d97b964a056b828176242b3, 
postalCode=400083, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110332d07
255e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c4f34e5bec353
3aa715, cn=SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2023.02.13 18:59:19 +05'30'

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Investor/Analyst Group Meeting 
Organized by Antique Stock Broking 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   
                       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. RAMESH IYER – CFO  
 
 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
 
 
Management:              If it's okay with you all, maybe I can spend the first 10 minutes please.  
So, I can just first give you just a really quick overview of where we see the 
opportunities kind of brought it up on earnings calls and stuff, but I can kind 
of just cover that. So, if you look at the three businesses that we have, there 
are some common links to the opportunities that are there. So. Because we 
supply a lot of building blocks that go into the power infrastructure, supply 
chain. It starts off really with the whole lot of addition is happening in renewable 
energy around the around the world. Solar installations, wind installations. 
Also, nuclear power plants are starting to come up because they are now 
classified as a clean energy. And we have a presence in India. We're trying to 
build that presence outside India. So that's one area where -- so you've got 
basically generation. So, you have cables going into generation. You have 
conductors going into evacuation. From there because from each of these 
locations you have to evacuate power that wasn't working. And then you have 
transformer oil that goes into every transformer that's there. You have one 
transformer, a step-up transformer. You know at the site, but going to the grid 
and step-down transformers, you know it's part of the grid. So that's how these 
three major areas will benefit from the addition of this. Of the solar wind, 
etcetera. The energy generation. Then you got transmission networks that are 
being strengthened all over the world and in most cases, what's happening is 
that the locations where you can get this renewable energy is quite different 
than where the consumption is taking place. For example, if you take solar, the 
cost of real estate plays a very important role. If you want to set up very large 
parts. So, then the transmission line is therefore that much longer.  
The second area were seen the growth coming from is public transportation. 
So, on the public transport side, you got a lot of metros and railway which is 
going in because that's again a cleaner form of transportation in terms of 
emissions. So, in India the networks have become from diesel to electric and 
if you see the amount of assets which are being added in India for rolling 
stock, which is both locomotives as well as passenger. That again actually is 
quite cable intensive because you have a lot of cables and for instrumentation 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
in the locomotive and then you have the last point wiring that goes through the 
coaches. And in all in all cases you end up having this generation at one point 
in the train, and then the power getting transferred through that. So, you have 
longer trained and trains at more electric points. The intensity of wiring is 
going up. So that's another major area of growth.  
The third one that we see, which we've not realized fully yet, but it's coming 
up, is this whole 5G rollout happening around the world. And that's where the 
interesting part is that in 5G, you don't not only do you need fiber optic, but 
you also need hybrid fiber optic with copper. Because the power intensity is 
also quite different and the number of sites is is 5x 10x of what it is, and quality. 
So the intensity of the density of towers is much higher and you need this 
cabling to run through. So for example, some of the cable going into the US 
have started going into that. Because there's a 5G rollout is happening quite 
rapidly, so that's another major area of growth.  
So, and then finally in our cable business, one of the opportunities that we see 
is, we've taken our electron beam technology and converted into a house wire. 
Today we're the only player that actually has that. I think people like Polycab 
and all can also come into making wires in that manner and the whole market 
will expand. But these wires are the last mile building wires that would go into 
a building, but they carry three really significant USPs. One is it has a 50-year 
life because the technology that we used to make the polymer the same as 
what we use for the defense and the nuclear power plants. So, once you wire 
it, 50 years, we have data to prove that the wire can last for at least 50 years.  
Secondly, it can carry 50% more current. Then a conventional wire and I guess 
it's becoming important in today's context because you don't know what power 
you're going to consume. In five years down the line, you have robots for 
cleaning. I don't know what else the electrical will have in the house. And the 
third thing is it's melted resistant, so it becomes almost short circuit proof. The 
short circuit happens when the insulation of a wire when is overheated, it falls 
off and then two naked wires touch each other and there is a fire. Sparking 
fire etcetera. In these wires, they are melting resistant. So, it will if even if there 
is smoke, it will be hours before which the insulation will melt off the wire. So, 
you can prevent a short circuit fire taking place because the smoke would get 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
detected and put off the installation. It has higher safety, it has longer life and 
it has much higher capacity.  
So, we started seeing good traction for it. We started in two states Kerala and 
Gujarat. Wherever we have been able to show a demo of this wire versus 
another wire, of any wire, the customer, especially if they are the final decision 
maker, 90% of the time they choose because it costs only INR 1,000 a square 
foot, extra INR 1,000. It costs an INR 1 a square foot. To increase the wire, so 
take a 1,000 square foot flat, you'll spend INR 1,000. In selecting if you if you 
choose this wire above a discounted wire that's available. So, these are the 
areas where we see. You know our growth taking place. Fortunately, the most 
of these areas that growth is not only restricted to but at the same time 
everywhere in the world the same effects are there. This is non-conventional 
energy getting added everywhere and especially in developed markets. So, in 
these markets, earlier our products didn't find any and there wasn't enough 
capex going on for our products. Right now, it's the exact opposite. If you are 
able to deliver faster, you can get a premium price for it.  
Secondly, this whole railway thing is not again restricted to India. Every city is 
expanding their subways, metros, because again, the emission is much lower 
in an urban concentrated area. The third thing is that one of the things we've 
done also along with the house wires is that we made auto cables and we've 
been focusing on a niche of actually buses. Because they require much larger 
harnesses compared to a passenger car. They already have Motherson Sumi, 
so many other big companies already there. So, we have we are supplying to 
Electra, we are supplying to JBM and all these buses. So that business also 
slowly-slowly is becoming more meaningful. Mumbai will be the first city to 
switch entirely to electric. I think it should happen sometime in 2024. Entire 
BSP fleet will be electric. So, our wires are going into all of these. So, these 
are the broad areas where we see the good thing is that this whole 
infrastructure build up is not something that's going to happen in a couple of 
years. It will take five years, 10 years for it to happen around the world and 
because it is happening with such a broad base, we feel much more confident 
that year-on-year the business will come when it's very constant. When your 
buyer is very concentrated, then you are the wagonies of the buyer, right? 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
They suddenly don't want to spend capex. Your business reduces whereas 
you're the base itself is so huge that and so many customers are there around 
the world requiring these products. That's why we have the confidence that it's 
going to be a year-on-year growth. So that's a very high-level overview.  
I can spend a few minutes on each of the segments which are there. So, if you 
see on the conductor segment, I would say that there are two major things 
which have happened because you see the profitability has increased 
substantially. And if one were to boil it down to tell you in two minutes. What 
it actually changed. So, what has changed are two things. One is that there is 
a set of premium products which we've been working on for years, which have 
now found a market. So, we have these high efficiency conductors which are 
now increasingly being used for getting power into cities. So, it first started 
with a mega city like Mumbai and Delhi. Delhi still there was more space, but 
Mumbai there is absolutely no space coming in. But it's now started going into 
the second-tier cities. Because the electrical consumption there is growing at 
a much faster pace than even in the Metro, so you have the Pune, Nagpur, 
Mangalore again this requirement is coming up.  
Second thing is this OPGW which is really an earth wire. So, in a conductor 
you have an earthing wire at the which is the last wire that you see. So that 
used to be just a made out of steel, galvanized steel. Now it has a fiber optic 
cord in it because every opportunity that you have where you can carry data is 
going in. Because data is the new oil and it's just going to explode. So, and 
the most reliable form of transmitting data is on a fiber. So, this OPGW is 
growing and we see during this COVID period there was a lot of delay in 
awarding contracts and executing contracts, but now it's clearly catching up 
and for any new transmission line the earth wire is pretty much being specified 
as an OPGW wire.  
The third product line that we've that we've been working on is, copper-based 
products. So erstwhile, our entire conductor business direct only with 
aluminum and aluminum all alloys. Whereas today we started off with this 
railway electrification. When we developed the catenary wire and contact wire 
to India now that electrification program, the basic electrification program is 
getting over. It will get over and by the end of the bulk of the money would be 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
spent. But the interesting thing is that actually when this electrification was 
coming on, APAR presented to the railway board and RDSO, the specifying 
authorities there, to use a alloy and copper alloy. Because that can carry much 
more power and you can use it to run the high-speed trains.  
But at that point in time there were two problems. One is A, the railway didn't 
want to spend more money. B, we would have been the only supplier of that 
because we had developed the technology ourselves and none of the other 
suppliers could produce that. So, all the wiring which has gone in the 
conductor ring which has gone in is just standard copper catenary wires and 
contact wires. Now India is starting to speed up the trains. So, the demand for 
that is now going to come up. So hopefully because of that this business will 
the railway electrification business also will continue. In addition to that, we 
added copper transpose conductors which conductor windings that go into 
the core of a transformer. And we also added. We've just recently added 
copper bus bars. When you go into any installation, and the meter rooms or 
any of these will find one big bus bar of copper from which then you know all 
the tappings are taken for the various meters. So that's kind of building into 
the copper capability that we have.  
And finally, the icing on the cake actually for the conductor business is that 
our turnkey business has been growing. And what we've done is that our 
turnkey business is actually very focused around the specialized products that 
we manufacture. So we have no intention of competing against Kalpataru or 
KEC or Tata Power or any of these guys on normal transmission lines. Our 
focus is around high efficiency conductors, OPGW, all these where there is 
an element of working with the end client on specifying the product, designing 
the network, and then delivering the product as well as the supply. Our supply 
portion or our manufactured product needs to be a significant part of the total 
turnkey. The advantage that is brought is that A, we are much closer to the 
customer so we can come up with the right solution for them. We are directly 
in touch. B, you're eliminating a very important layer that was resulting in 
deflating our prices.  
The EPC guys would take the order and then they'll try to compete three, four 
companies against each other. In this case, we have more expertise than the 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
EPC companies. Especially, when you are doing re-conducting of line. So, the 
combination of these things is what has helped the conductor business. So, 
the premium products have started coming from these five areas.  
Analyst: 
Just to understand the impact of the community cycle out there, on a 
conventional conductor like-to-like basis, what would be change in your spread 
for quarter basis say two years ago and now?  
Management: 
So, before we had this range of products right, if you just took conventional 
conduct, I'll answer your question by just completing one last sentence. So, 
what has happened here is that 44% of our revenues are coming from these 
five. So, you take the order book which is there, which is about INR 4,800-
odd crores, 44% of that is coming from these five product lines and you've 
got CTC and bus bars and all which are ordered on a month-to-month basis. 
So, it doesn't actually carry a long-term order book like OPGW or HEC or 
these turnkey projects. So, we feel that this 40%-odd is something that's here 
to stay for a while.  
Second thing is that the commodity or the standard conductors which were 
there, which we were selling in India and not making much margin or making 
no margin on that entire portfolio we have now started exporting. And just to 
explain in a very simple language, the problem in India is that everything goes 
by a two-bit process. So, once you clear a technical specification. Then no 
matter how good or bad your product is, you are at whoever the cheapest gets 
the order. So, in short, 41 on 100 and 100 on 100, is equated to the same 
price. And so, as a consequence, if you're putting in a lot of more effort in 
terms of process quality EO error, none of that is actually getting captured in 
the form of the customer appreciating or paying for it.  
Today what's happened is that the overseas markets have been opened up 
especially the United States, Australia, Europe etcetera, we've taken this, we 
are selling premium products in India and we've taken our standard products 
and started exporting it. So, in fact if you take the last part of the order book, 
I think standard products is less than INR 5 crores. Order intake negative.  
Analyst: 
So here just you can give an idea about the competitive scenario in -- your 
standard user India is very competitive and because of heavy margin all things 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
all. But globally, how are we compared to other global players who might be 
supplying. 
Management: 
So, in -- you take for example the US market. So, the US also has conductor 
manufacturers, but they have some limited capacity and over the years these 
networks are not being built at all. So, the capacity has come down to a very 
large extent. Now today for people to set in new capacity, A. it is quite 
expensive, B. manpower is not available. So, you build the plant but then it 
needs to be staffed. So as a consequence, what we are finding is that for 
products like ours, local manufacture is not something that's happening or is 
very easy to do at a very large scale.  
Analyst: 
But your Indian competitor, you are in the standard conductors, can he not go 
to the… 
Management: 
Yes, so the thing is what that -- the so here it's supporting the pass mark is 40 
on 100 in for many of these customers this path the pass mark starts from 70 
and go up to 90. So as a result of the people who you have to compete with 
or the kind of product that they have to deliver in order to satisfy that clients 
requirement is significantly higher, and the main reason for that is that these 
guys look at a lifecycle cost of the product. The product last for it's supposed 
to last for 35 years, 40 years but can last for 50 years. So, we are looking at 
the life cycle cost. Whereas here what is happening that people look especially 
many of the government buyers that they have a certain budget they want to 
make sure that they maximize usage of that budget. That doesn't take into 
account the life cycle cost. What are the losses on the line? How long will it 
last? Those sorts of things.  
Analyst: 
 
Sir, Indian competitors won't have similar quality as yours… 
Management: 
So, Sterlite is the one company that we compete with all over the place. Sterlite 
Power, they have almost a comparable range of products as we have, except 
that they are less focused than we are on this business.  
Analyst: 
 
The other smaller ones, not.  
Management: 
One is that other is that they also look at companies having very strong risk 
management framework. So, some of the smaller players, they don't have so 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
much, no all their septets for having hedging and all they end up they may end 
up trying to speculate the price of aluminium which we don't do at all.  
Analyst: 
Chinese globally would be more competitive than us but because they don't 
want to be more competitive.  
Management: 
We were facing a big problem with China because of the FTAs that China had. 
We are as competitive as the Chinese in terms of all of these products pretty 
much. So, on like-to-like field we were always able to compete. So, in Canada, 
where the Indians had zero duty, Chinese had zero duty, we were competing 
against them. Australia, China had a 4% advantage. In the US, Australia 
meaning, China and Australia had 4% advantage and the US had 5%. But now 
Chinese product you have to pay 25 to 30% duty so it's completely out of the 
game. Even if both of us had the same price point, I think we are in a position 
to compete.  
Analyst: 
 
So, there is a big macro turnaround for us that the US wants to...  
Management: 
And I think the Chinese-US relationship, I mean you know better, is not the 
shorter balloon. Now again, there is a problem. So, I think from that standpoint 
and one of the good things that the current Modi government is doing is that 
they are really working on getting FTAs in place. So, we have an FTA signed 
with Australia. We have an FTA signed with the UAE. In the US, fortunately 
India is slightly better off than China, but there are discussions going on and 
just recently Mr. Goyal had a specific meeting with the top 50 exporters from 
India. And that he mentioned a number of FTAs which are at various stages of 
negotiation. And one with Europe, I think is something that he feels will 
happen. That's another big ticket one which will happen. The UK is on its way. 
So basically, it's allowing Indian exporters, our export will go up only if we are 
not at a disadvantage relative to another big player like China.  
Analyst: 
In export market, the only query for you would be US should spend money on 
the grid infrastructure and second you should get all the certifications and... 
Management: 
We already have the certifications in place. That's something that we've 
invested like anything over the years. We're doing a lot of business 
development. We are not feeling the result because the spending only was not 
happening. So, whatever spending they were doing, the local guys were able 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
to meet that requirement. And the US mentality generally, for maintenance is 
one where I want product in 48 hours or 24 hours. No, unless we start stocking 
our product layer without an order, it was too risky a proposition. What's 
happening today is a lot of the orders are project orders. You don't need 24-
hour delivery. You have to organize when the panels are coming in, when the 
windmill is coming. It's like a two year or an 18-month project. So, they tell you 
what window you need delivery in, so we can plan out and deliver the product.  
Analyst: 
At the company level for a conductor business, do you think the current kind 
of profit profile per ton basis will sustain? Because that is almost like 2x to 3x 
of what you used to do in years.  
Management: 
More than that. So, see what, that's why we've been even guiding that if you 
look at this current product mix that we have, that base level which used to be 
INR 8,000 to INR 12,000 per metric ton that we are comfortable that base 
itself has moved up to INR 22,000 to INR 24,000 per metric ton, just because 
of the product mix that has changed. In addition to that, if the more premium 
offerings are there, so for example you take high efficiency conductors, there 
are different types of conductors. So, if you take the very high-end ones, you 
can carry 2x the power, 3x the power, obviously we make more margin on 
because there's much more engineering that's gone into that.  
So currently what's happening is that we have a lot of good tailwinds in there. 
We have some benefit which is of the freight. We were heard before we have 
benefited from that currently. So if you take out all these factors and you say 
you bare bone, there is no tail, there is no wind at all, that itself has gone up 
now to this 22,000 to 25,000 and moment anything else comes in which is 
favorable, you can expect that to go up working your way above that.  
Analyst: 
 
But this is significantly lower than your current number.  
Management: 
Yes, well if you take the nine months it's at INR 40,000 a ton. A little bit of the 
EBITDA also increased because the interest costs have increased so that we 
are factoring in. So you have to look at not only EBITDA, but if you look at 
because the interest also has gone up. So when you look at earnings after 
interest, then automatically that also has been adjusted. Because where you 
had in the export business, even domestic may, but export may has been quite 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
stark. We used to get funding at 11.25% including premium. Today, you are 
closer to 5% with all the increases that have happened. So that has also been 
factored into the cost. So the EBITDA has got a little boost from that.  
Analyst: 
In the tailwind, when we say not only includes things like freight and steel, but 
also things like customer requiring order much earlier or in quick span of time. 
So, all those also actually gets into the tail end… 
Management: 
And if the US continues to buy, if some of these countries continue to buy, see 
today we are seeing some customers who are so pissed off with China that 
they are taking an undertaking from us. You will not use a single Chinese 
component in the manufacture of the product. Nothing, no metal, nothing. 
They would give an undertaking. Now if these undertakings continue then 
obviously you stand to benefit. So, but politics is politics and I don't think I 
want to make a call on that. The point here is that if all of these things 
disappear, you're still at a level which will be a double award, 2x to 2.5x award 
you were three, four years ago.  
Analyst: 
So, this RDSS is now exports, you explain very well, but on the domestic part, 
RDSS is going to be a big deal and then we want 300 megawatts of renewable 
energy. So, when we put say 300 megawatts of -- gigawatts over next seven 
years, how much will be the opportunity for conductors and how much for 
cables? Because as… 
Management: 
RDSS is actually much more on the -- so there are two sets of products there. 
You have your power cables. So they start off with the low volt, I'd say LV 
cables, going up to 66 kV. That's the range. Bulk over to be 33 kV and below. 
And then we have a product which we have pioneered and is now included in 
this, which is the Medium Voltage Covered Conductors, these MVCC. So 
basically it's a conductor where it has a very specialized insulating covering 
on it. And so it increases safety dramatically of the product because you can 
be much closer and not have radiation even if you touch the wire. Because 
that in Mumbai, you don't see it because it's been mostly underground, but if 
you go to any place you go to Bangalore and you go outside anybody's 
bungalow, you see a cobweb of wires over there. So that's where it has some 
play.  

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
Secondly, it can go into increase safety in any of these places like, you take a 
forest or you take a wire, conductor that is running along the highway because 
you have a lot of tree planting happening. There's a branch of the tree goes 
across two phases again; you'll have a shot. So, all that gets eliminated. So, 
we've pioneered that, in India. We’ve been educating all the and they've 
included it in the RDSS now.  
So, I think I mean the rule of thumb if you go 3 lakh crores is what I used to 
say. RDSS about 30% of that is your cable conductor portion of which I say 
90% is cable and 10% is conductor. So, the conductor demand is going to 
come from another funding altogether. This is called reconditioning, 
augmenting transmission networks. That's what it is.  
Analyst: 
 
That is over and out.  
Management: 
RDSS is fundamentally focused on improving two things. One is the losses in 
the distribution setup and secondly, improving the architecture of the 
distribution. If you take today, you go into the rural areas in Maharashtra, you 
still have eight to 10 hours of load shedding happening. Not because power 
is not available, but because there is no way in which they can distribute that 
power.  
Analyst: 
Then this 300 gigawatts whenever it comes the solar parks, wind parks, it will 
need a lot of cables and conductors. So, do we see some opportunity there 
for us?  
Management: 
Yes, we see that opportunity there. Problem in India is that again that same 
4,100 and then there are some of the big developers are there. They don't 
care a damn about quality. They just want to flip the asset. Even big names are 
there so we are supplying to them. We have orders that go in even today into 
Adani and some of the other big solar guys. But increasingly we are finding 
that as the solar demands are coming up in the US and Europe, they are finding 
their specifications and standards are much higher. We are very clear, 
whatever gets me the higher margin, x the plant, right? The world is my market.  
Analyst: 
Going from your talk, maybe five years later you will be a much larger exporter. 
You are still sitting on 40% exporter. What you may go to 60%, 70% is that 
possible or not?  

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
Management: 
Yes, it's possible. Depends on who pays me more money and values of our 
products more. It's quite possible. See, two years ago we were nobody in 
cable exports and FY '23 we will be the largest exporter of India. You know 
leap from all the other cable manufacturers. I think what we've tried to do here 
is that any product that we've developed, we try to develop it not only for the 
Indian market but looking at a global standard. And maybe we did it because 
we have any engineering driven kind of company and we believe in tomorrow 
solutions today which is our motto. But now it is being divided because 
suddenly when everyone is buying all over the world our products are getting 
accepted more easily.  
Analyst: 
Sir in the cables business you guided for 25% CAGR, so does this division we 
do a much faster growing. So, within the cable division, there are two parts. 
One is the retail which you are trying just like Havells or Polycab. The second 
part which is a low medium voltage high voltage industrial or the great cables.  
Management: 
I don't know but besides that we just go to the cable side. Basically, on the 
cable side, there are multiple there are five major areas of the business. So, 
you have one. The first one is what you're talking about with the whole power 
cable. So, in terms of construction complexity, the low end of the building 
wire, which is what we have come out with the building wires that I spoke 
about. Then you have instrumentation control cables. You have LV cables, MV 
cables, HV cables, right? So that's one stream.  
The second stream is your elastomeric cables, which are going into windmills. 
It's going into your mining segment, etcetera. So that we have a very strong 
market share. Windmills, we have 70% share. And the beauty is today that all, 
solar is not the only way to grow, right? Because in the monsoon you don't get 
any solar, you get a lot of wind. So now, in fact, our own hybrid which we are, 
which we have set up with a company called CleanMax to supply clean power 
into our own cable plant. Because now people are asking for carbon emission 
footprint on your production in all these markets. So, we have already maxed 
out the solar which we can do in our facility. All the rooftops are maxed in 
terms of what we are doing. So, we've now signed up with CleanMax and we 
have a joint venture company which they are going to install and run. But we 
part invested in which will supply clean power in here. So, if you want power 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
on the air it has to be wind and solar. So, we have a good position on the wind 
side and we have a global approval in place on most of the wind companies. 
We have GE, Nordex, Vestas, Siemens Gamesa. All these champs and there 
are two Chinese companies are there.  
Analyst: 
What would be our content roughly average? Megawatt of installation, what 
would be our cabling content?  
Management: 
So, it varies between solar and wind. In the case of solar, see there's one 
cabling which is the string cabling. It's on the panel, which is why we have a 
lot of strength because of electron beam and the construction of that, it's 
simple, but we need a high quality. The other one is actually much, there's a 
lot of more cable involved just in the panel wiring, wiring to the panel, etcetera, 
which is just a regular LV cable. So there everybody can complete. String 
cabling is where we end up having a stronger position. So, it's about, I'd say 
about 10%-12% of -- in the case of solar is more. In the case of wind, the wind 
tower itself is very expensive. So, it's much lower, maybe 5%.  
Analyst: 
Sir, total value chain put together per megawatt can we take 1 crore we sub-
cabling would be involved sir?  
Management: 
No, much less than that because if suppose you take INR 6 crores, INR 7 
crores per megawatt because wind is little costlier than solar. So, in the case 
of wind, it's hardly, it's a single digit. Whereas in the case of solar it's like, 
maybe 12%, 14% from here. That's what it is.  
Analyst: 
 
So, these elastomeric cables are mainly into the renewable energy.  
Management: 
Yes, then the next one is this electron beam-based cables. That's going into 
rolling stock, railways. So, locomotives as well as coaches. It goes into all these 
defenses which is largely Navy. Because the warships require huge amount of 
instrumentation, submarines, frigates, all these. And so that's the other major 
area of growth for us. And then you have optical fiber. And here upon the 
OFC side is not only OFC, but it's the specialty hybrid, which is a combination 
of. And then there is a separate specialty cables which are being used niche 
products by the defense particular. Again, which require in every instance, 
telecommunication and power. For example, you have a balloon. What is 
Chinese? Right? You can have a floating balloon or you can have a balloon 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
which is actually connected at a point. There was a plan that India had and we 
developed a teether cable for that, which is to have these balloons in about 75 
kilometers inside of India's border. That can carry cameras that can oversee 
activity that's happening in 200 kilometers into across the border. So in any 
military movement, any other movement can be detected. But I think now they 
are not going through with that with that only. But these are the products which 
are there. It takes you four or five years to develop the product. If it works, you 
make a lot of money. If it doesn't work, it's okay.  
Analyst: 
And these except for the power, the other four cables would be what 
proportion of revenue and profit say? Because power would be the lowest 
margin like the power cables.  
Management: 
Power cables is the lowest margin. So, if you exclude, house wires, what power 
cables is what about 40, next to your 25.  
Management:  
We'll see about 10%.  
Management: 
The last would be 25, the optical fiber would be 10%. And then electron beam 
and specialty would be another 10%.  
Management: 
It's actually part of all this. So, the elastomeric business this year will be around 
700 odd crores out of the 3,200. But you see on the power cable side where 
our margin has increased or improved is the export of product has not 
happened. They don't give what they say. That's not in our DNA to know what 
to do. So, you go to a market where people expect you to supply what your 
specification says. We were finding it difficult to do that now. The markets 
have opened up. So, we have trouble supplying a metro in India, but we are 
very well placed in Australia for example. We got 50% of the Sydney metro 
job. It's a really huge job. 100+ crores of cable. Same thing here.  
Analyst: 
Sir, this elastomeric, electron, optical, competition will be less in all this. Are 
we the only one there? 
Management: 
There is competition but slowly people are getting into it but then the market 
is also growing, the applications also are growing. So, for example elastomeric 
cables, none of the other players are really the big players have come in. 
Universal is the only one that's there. We take Polycab, Kei, Havells they are 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
not really much in the elastomeric, big elastomeric cables. On the electron 
beam side, Polycab has set up e-beams and Universal has set up beams, but 
they are focusing only on solar cables at the moment. There are others from 
niche players that are there in this business.  
Analyst: 
And because in the demand environment for cables and conductors both is so 
good, are we seeing any capacities coming? 
Management:  
We mentioned on our call also that we have a plan of adding about 350.  
Analyst: 
 
But other because even when the whole… 
Management:  
Yes, will add. 
Analyst: 
 
And then three years later we again region over capacity.  
Management: 
Well in certain areas, if someone is going to focus on only a very narrow part 
of the product range you can easily add that and power cable it doesn't take 
very much for you to add capacity for LT cables and stuff like that. But now the 
moment you US, you have a UL cable requirement. The conductor portion is 
standard, but the polymer is totally different. And it requires UL approval and 
UL is just like FDA. Then take a sample of the shelf of a CBS and it will go for 
testing. And the full traceability there, right? FDA approval number, everything 
is there. Same thing on the cable. You have to print your UL approval number. 
They don't talk to you. They just pull a cable from some construction site and 
send it for testing. And if that cable fails, then UL is cancelled. You get a letter 
by email saying, here's the report with. Use of your cable is suspended. UL. 
So, I think, even guys who are here and doing various kinds of things, they 
will also be a little bit more circumspect, but the market itself is going to 
expand, so we will see a lot of -- I think our protection is basically two fold. 
One is you have the range of product. Secondly, you don't design and make 
products only for the Indian market, or it should be available for a global 
audience. If you do these two things, then it will help secure both growth and 
profitability. That's what our mantra is that. And we see the developed markets 
like US, Europe, Australia and all these. There was nothing, we could hardly 
supply anything from here. Now today the requirement itself has gone up so 
much and in Australia there is hardly any manufacturing left of cables.  

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
Analyst: 
So apart from India like when you compete in developed markets who are the 
other, which are the other countries which are involved like So China is now 
out of the way for various reason. Apart from… 
Management: 
So, Chinese cables are there in some places, but you've got some European 
manufacturers, you've got manufacturers or local also. So, for example Sydney 
Metro, Brisbane which manufacturers locally the largest cable company in the 
world. So, they had 50% of the orders we got 50% of the order. They placed 
the order and they made a premium to us. Because of local supply, they had 
then supplied to all those installations for many years. So, there will be some 
competition will come with local or regional players. And you will have 
competition from India also. You have Polycab, you have Havells, all of these 
guys are also looking at exporting, but the market is huge. FY '21, the US 
imported $19 billion worth of cables.  
Analyst: 
The capex over next three years, what would be the thousand crores capex you    
think?  
Management: 
So, we are looking right now at what we really planned out is about INR 350 
crores. That should -- see the ratio is around anywhere between 7x to 10x 
approximately. So, you put in this INR 350 crores of capex, you can get INR 
3,000 crores of revenue. So that's the plan. On the cable side, we are looking 
at a Greenfield site which is not very far from our existing manufacturing 
location so that you can then keep expanding at that site, as the demand 
increases and the demand has been changing. So, for example in the US, 
there is very strong requirement of the building wires going into real estate. 
Now the housing is reduced, but the infrastructure spend is increased. The 
cable construction is also slightly different.  
You have to have that flexibility in terms of configuring your equipment. Once 
you have the basic place infrastructure, etcetera, then you can keep dropping 
production lines. 
Analyst: 
 
How big is it Greenfield site which you are planning, sir?  
Management: 
It's about. It's spread out on about 45-odd acres of land. So, it can 
accommodate, I would -- see we are occupying currently about 40 acres for 
producing this. We can produce about 4,500 crores. Typically, with that I 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
mean if I just extrapolate you can go to about 9,000 crores, 10,000 crores. 
On the cable side we plan it out properly. So, there's sufficient for the next 
few years sufficient then after that if the house wires and all pick up then one 
has to see whether you want to set up manufacturing and other parts of the. 
Thank you.  
Analyst: 
 
But there you can spend about INR 500 crores, INR 600 crores of capex? 
Management: 
No, more than that. Right now, we have planned INR 350 crores. It will build 
up maybe 30% of that. Some of it is going into existing -- some of the capex is 
going into existing locations. Because anything in Greenfield India means it's 
1.5 years, two-year project. Power connection, this, that, land clearances, all 
that.  
Analyst: 
 
So land is completely acquired sir?  
Management: 
No, it's in the -- we've signed the MOU and all that. Finally, all the transfers of 
-- all that is happening. Hopefully, it should get done in the next couple of 
months.  
Analyst: 
 
Sir, in EHV anything we have taken the initiative, sir…. 
Management: 
Well, I mean, I think, I mean, if you put a good EHV plant today, it will cost 
you about INR 250 crores. I'd rather put INR 250 crores on these other 
product lines where I already have an established product, market. There are 
already four or five major players are there in EHV. And as the UAE thing 
comes down, we've got multiple players in the UAE. This free trade agreement 
comes in. That's the only cable that they can compete with. Kei and Universal 
in India. We find Ducab and all these chaps coming in. So, we would rather 
concentrate on where we've proved ourselves and our differentiation.  
Analyst: 
You have so many products, better quality than what India needs. So, you can 
just talk a little bit about your R&D base and how do you get intelligence to 
make these? You will also have a great sales team to do all these exports and 
take these approvals in the foreign countries… 
Management: 
So, we so what we've what we've invested in. Fortunately, you know the 
company has been right under the third generation. You know we've been 
very engineering focused. It's only now that we've added people to do 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
branding and all that sort of stuff. The thought process in the company was 
give me you make good products and demonstrate your customer and they'll 
approve it and start buying it. So, we've always had all right from the last 50 
years, we've had always a team that has been focusing on the company's motto 
when the company started was called tomorrow's progress today. So that was 
the mindset. When we rebranded the logo and all of apart at that time when 
we did that exercise reason changed it to tomorrow solutions today. Because 
ultimately what we found is all our growth is happening by sitting with the 
customer and understanding what problem they have and what solution they 
are looking for. You provide that solution then you become, that much more 
valuable to the customer. So, all of these products are actually come by looking 
at some expertise which we think we can develop in house and our customer 
requirement. Be clear. So, we have teams in and all the plants, every plant has 
an R&D center which is DSIR approved. Department of Science and 
Technology. And we don't capitalize any R&D spending. Whatever is spent is 
expensed. In some of these cases you don't know, like for example, this Navy 
stuff, you develop so many different types of cables for the Navy. So, you 
develop 50 cables, maybe 10 of them will actually get up, because they 
themselves are also experimenting until you develop this, then they change the 
spec. But it helps enhance your total capability.  
The same thing with export. We saw in our oil business when we started going 
out of the country for transformer oil, similarly for conductors. The standards 
which people put on you when you go overseas is very, very much higher 
than. Here we also meaning people are ready to overlook issues there. It's a 
go no go. We don't need all this. Please take it back. It doesn't matter how 
much it costs. You can't even sit in front of them and take it away. I'll reduce 
the price by 5% and take it. So go no go.  
Analyst: 
Any project product adjacencies you will be looking at in terms of cables and 
connectors you have like metering or anything you will look at a bit? 
Management: 
We have so much of room to go. This business can be more INR 10,000 crore 
business in five years. So. Just I think the focus has helped us. No need to look 
here and there.  

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
Analyst: 
The gross book capital any reduction will happen with B2C coming into play 
or working capital days gross and inventory plus receivables can it come down 
directionally lower, sir? 
Management: 
So, as the B2C part grows, yes, obviously it will. But then when you have the 
turnkey side of the business growing, then that eats up a bit of money. Because 
what happens is that a certain portion that last 10% is generally kept for you to 
complete demonstrating all the requirements which are there. We've been 
quite good in terms of getting that released, but that may take several more 
months. What happens if a line has to be completed, only 10% of the line is 
left. But that retention is there, until that 10% line is completed, you can't leave 
hands on it. The whole line has to run. So, that's one of the reasons why we 
want to focus on the, and plus the branded side of the business, we see the 
whole wires market getting far more organized. You see all the branded 
players; their largest market share is taking away from the unorganized sector. 
The Polycabs, Havells, R.R., Finolex, Kei. It's not that the wires market is 
growing at the same pace that they are going.  
Analyst: 
But don't we extend they have become organized as the next 70%-75% market 
would have become organized as like three years GST and everything got 
implemented. So now an organization will be very small? 
 
Management: 
There is not that much differential in the price available. You pay GST on 
copper; you pay GST on your polymer and the number of avenues and as the 
IT setup improves the GST, they are able to trace who's evading GST so many 
raid are happening. So, I think, that phenomena is only going to increase, 
there small guys will do well if they provide the right quality of the product, if 
it is based on evading  taxes then you are having a problem today. 
Analyst:  
So, this distribution is based on cable wire? 
Management: 
You know in FY22 we did about 100 cr. And this year we will do 180 cr. And 
our target for next year is to do 350 cr. So basically it is a function of setting 
up distribution etc. so if you see on FY22 market given in our earnings call we 
had 19 distributors as of March 22 whereas today we have 97 and our retail 
counter presence we had 276 that we were accessing in March and today we 

 
  
 
          APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                              February ,06 2023 
have 1543. So it is still 10% of what Polycab would have, may be more than 
10 times also, but it is growing at a very rapid pace, in the quarter itself we 
have 40 odd distributors, we had 600-700 retail counters because our team 
has started now getting added and expanded. 
 
Our sense is that we can add from 180 to 200 which we will do this year to 
350 next year and year after that 500, that seems very much possible, we have 
the whole plan in place and we have just started our advertising actually so 
whatever we have grown is without it, only last month in Kerala we have started 
this ATL, advertising by march we have enough distribution to start in other 
locations. And the good thing is we have grown this building wire business 
with EBITDA positive, we haven’t lost money in single month. 
Analyst: 
Sir, I think your export will cross so much cash flow so you can spend a little 
more money here from this is the place were markets really.  
Management: 
Yes, we have a plan. But you know the thing is that you've got to make a 
fundamental call of whether you want to go through a wholesale, semi-
wholesale strategy or you want to go through with a distribution-led strategy. 
And our sense is that if we go through with a distribution-led strategy then like, 
if you take all the companies, Havells is the only one that is really got, if you 
take Polycab also 10% of their sales is non-cable sale. If you take Kei, there is 
nothing which is non-cable. Havells is the only one that has really and they 
have wherever they have very strong distribution, they have the full product 
basket they have. So, I think if we build a distribution, it may take a couple 
years longer. Other product extensions can also then be stored better. I think 
that seems like a. The strategy we want to do right now.  
Analyst: 
 
Yes, thank you. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Investor/Analyst Group Meeting 
Organized by Antique Stock Broking 
 
 
 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   
                       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. RAMESH IYER – CFO  
 
 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
 
Management: 
10 more minutes just giving you a quick overview of where we see the 
main demand and growth drivers that are there. And then we can 
discuss it little bit more granularly on segment basis. Please feel free 
to ask questions as we run through this. 
So, you see fundamentally in terms of growth drivers for us, it's really 
being driven -- so the largest portion is coming from -- new 
infrastructure has been stepped on the renewable energy side. It's 
happening not only in India, but it's happening in most parts of the 
world. So you have renewable energy coming in the form of solar and 
grid. 
In addition to that, there is a revival of nuclear power, which has also 
been considered as clean energy from today, because the emission is 
relatively very low, and so there, your cables going into the generating 
assets itself. So solar panels in the sensor farm cables going to the 
wind mills. A lot of cables go into any nuclear plant. So there's one 
portion that's in the plant itself. 
Then there is a second piece, which is an evacuation from that into a 
grid. So either it goes into a regional grid or a national grid depending 
on the country and the format that's in place. So that's one really big 
driver. Transformer volume is very linear with whatever infrastructure 
goes into the transformation, stepping up, stepping down, etcetera 
right? So that's one big driver. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Second driver that's coming is from public transportation. So you got 
every major city in the world is adding to subway’s, metro’s rail 
transportation, because it's a much cleaner form of transport. So that's 
another portion coming in. In India, the railway spends are very high. 
You see the budget allocation is also Vande Bharat and all these. We 
can discuss in a little bit more detail when we come to the cable 
conductor segment. So that's another driver. 
The third driver is basically in terms of data, data movement. So on the 
conductor side, we have a range of, we have a product called OPGW, 
which is earlier you had on transmission line just a ground wire. Today 
you have a ground wire with a fiber optic cord and these are high-
capacity fiber optics cables that run inside of that wire. And that's the 
backbone of national movement of data. 
So even today, the two largest data transporters are POWERGRID and 
the Indian railways across the country. You never hear that name, 
because we are actually buying from Reliance, or from a broadband 
Airtel or a broadband operator, but these are the guys who are 
carrying it. So every transmission line new going in is coming in with 
this optical function. 
Also this 5G requires a huge increase in the amount of cabling and 
it's not only fiber optic but it's also copper, and for saving space and 
right of way, these are coming out in the form of hybrid product, so 
same cable in both fiber optic and copper. So that's the third area of 
growth. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
The fourth area of growth really is just basic increase in electrical 
consumption happening at the last mile. So electric car coming in, 
more usage of electrical appliances, and as far as usage is concerned, 
last mile wiring is increasing. House wires, low tension cables, 
etcetera. So these are four major areas of growth that we see across 
the company. 
The good thing is that growth is coming not only in India, but in most 
cases it's coming across the world at the same time. And, therefore, 
companies that have the products and have the approvals in place to 
service these markets are seeing an automatic jump, not only in terms 
of sales but also in terms of profitability. 
So that's just a macro view. Now if you come down to the three 
business segments that we have, I’ll just have to summarize in a nutshell 
where the conductor business actually stands. So, if you -- if I just dial 
back 10 years ago, most of the business came only from just plain 
vanilla conductors. The aluminum conductors, they were used for 
transporting power from point-to-point and a single specification in 
terms of the type of product running across the country. POWERGRID 
doing a lot of -- POWERGRID and electricity was being the main 
implementers of it. 
From that, today we have got five different verticals that we have 
brought into the conductor business, which are what we would call 
premium offerings. So, besides the standard conductors, we have a 
whole range of these high efficiency conductors, which they do two 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
things. One is they carry a higher amount of current. So on the same 
tower, you can re-conductor, put a new one in place, you can carry 
anywhere upwards from 25% percent to 300% more power on the 
same line. So that's one area that's come up. 
The second one I already mentioned is OPGW. And there the 
advantage we have is our cable plant produces the fiber optic cable 
and that gets encapsulated in the conductor plant. The conductor team 
then sells the finished OPGW product. 
Analyst: 
 
 Can you explain that again? 
Management:  
So, every transmission line has at the bottom a ground wire, which is 
an earth wire. For example, if you take a three-pin plug, the big thing 
on the top is an earth wire, right? It's for earthing. So, same thing the 
conductor line also have an earthing wire in it. So, previously it was 
just a steel wire, galvanized steel wire. Today it's a galvanized steel 
wire with a fiber optic core. So it's a natural product for us. So that's 
how we have Apar and Sterlite are the two major producers of OPGW 
in the country. 
The third area that we got into was a range of copper-based products. 
So one of the things that happened for Apar was that once we got into 
this cable business and started growing it, cable has a good share of 
both aluminum and copper. So, aluminum is where Apar already had 
a lot of expertise because of the conductor division. But copper also, 
you know, expertise started developing from the cable side. So, we 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
brought it into conductors and developed a range of copper-based 
products. 
So, it coincided with the whole rewiring of the Indian Railways, 
converting from diesel to electric. So, we then got in the catenary wires 
and the contact wires and became the largest producer of contact and 
catenary wires. There were a number of existing players, but they had 
limited scale. We saw the opportunity, we had the technology and 
capability in place in-house, so we put in the largest capacity. 
So that program is now pretty much coming to an end. In 2024, it will 
pretty much come to an end. But besides that, we also came out with 
a range of copper transposed conductors, which are used in the core 
of any transformer. The core winding, you require this type of copper 
conductors in there. And we've added a range of busbars. So, any 
electrical installation will have a copper busbar from where you then 
draw and connect meters and all this other equipment that goes finally 
into houses. So, whether it's an industrial undertaking, whether it's a 
house or building, anything has that. So that's the next offering that we 
had. 
And finally, we added a team that was doing turnkey projects. And that 
was very important for us to deliver high efficiency conductors and 
OPGW, because you have to work with the end client to customize a 
solution, especially in high efficiency conductors. So there what's 
happening is, that the right of way being limited coming into urban 
areas when a particular transmission line is getting saturated in terms 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
of how much power it can carry, it needs to be re-conducted. So, you 
can carry a significantly higher amount of power. 
So, we saw that opportunity 20 years ago, saying that the amount of 
electrical consumption going up is increasing and this problem is 
going to happen. So, we invested in our own R&D, came out with the 
whole range of products. But the problem in India is that the spending 
will happen only when you have to spend and that time has come. So, 
first round you start seeing these projects getting executed in mega 
cities like Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, etcetera. 
But today it started percolating into the next tier cities where actually 
the electrical consumption growth is even higher as a percentage 
growth. You take a city like Bangalore, for example, where people 
didn't have air conditioners. You didn't need air conditioners. Now 
with all the population, density pollution and commercial space coming 
in, air conditioning has gone up in a huge way. Same thing when you 
go to Pune and explore it. 
So, the reconditioning jobs are coming in for power lines going into 
all these cities also. And so why we decided on this turnkey is that you 
actually work with a customer for a customized solution. You look at 
the infrastructure that they have, you look at how much power they want 
to transmit, then there are other technical requirements of SAG, how 
much conductor can SAG, etcetera. You take all these parameters in 
place and come up with different models in terms of cost benefit and 
work with the client in terms of finally what the client wants. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
So, usually in India because they are government owned or CEA insists 
on tendering, it still goes through a tender process. But if you sit with 
them and design the whole line, you know inside and out, right, in 
terms of what products, where it’s going to go, how it’s going to 
happen. So, you tend to bid much more efficiently and effectively on 
it. So, as a result you need this turnkey business. 
Also, there are specialized skills when you, these are all live wire. So, 
they give you an outage, there is current running on the line, they give 
a shutdown for some hours. And in that period, you start rewiring or 
re-conductor in certain sections. You need a different skill set, a lot of 
certified re-conducting engineers, etcetera, etcetera. 
So, it's a different ballgame compared to what a typical project that 
KEC or Kalpataru or Tata Power or L&D would do. So, by looking at 
this, you know, so we classified this set of offerings as premium 
offerings that we have. And we've been measuring how much we are 
able to push and grow this. So, from practically single digit numbers 
in five years ago, five, seven years ago, it is now 44% of our revenue 
and our order book also. You take about the 4,800-crore order book, 
which we have in our earnings call, 44% of it is coming from these law 
firms. 
Analyst: 
Sir, what is the EBITDA per ton normalized, because of the spinning 
off? What is the volatility in this and probably it will take to monetize? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management:  
So, the volatility is actually just depends finally on the mix of the 
product, which comes in, because all of these products are at different 
margin. 
Analyst: 
 
What is the premium segment? 
Management:  
No, no, no, it's much… 
Analyst: 
 
The volatility, you mean? 
Management: 
Yeah, absolutely. Especially when you do turnkey jobs, because then 
you -- most of them are fixed price. The moment we get it, we cover 
the metal immediately. And a lot of it then is in services. And we have 
tie ups, we have our own team, we have dedicated contractor teams, 
which are there. 
But just to complete, so 44% is coming from this. The remaining 
portion is really conventional conductors, which are there. And I think 
the big change that has happened is that rather than selling it in India 
where we were hardly making any margin, we are exporting these 
products outside India. So the strategy has been to concentrate more 
domestically on the premium products, so that you get the right kind 
of margin mix. 
And then the moment you've taken standard products and exported 
them out, again the profitability is much higher on those. And the logic 
is very simple. India follows a two-bid process generally, whether it's 
public sector or it's private, because a lot of the private guys also come 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
from the PGCIL and NTPCs of the world. So once you technically clear 
the product then they want the cheapest commercial offer, irrespective 
of where you stand on the quality rating. 
So 4,100 is equated to 100 on 100. There is really very little different, 
they may want to purchase preferencing, I’ll rather buy from you but at 
X, Y, Z cost. So unfortunately, that doesn't work, because usually if you 
produce a far superior product, there is much more that goes into 
manufacturing of the product. In fact, even sometimes the tolerances 
that you have, etcetera. etcetera. 
Moment you go outside India, there is a totally different way in which 
people are looking at the product. They look at the life cycle cost of a 
product, and not the supply cost of the product. So it's a paradigm 
shift. Moment you go into that, the quality rating people want, the fast 
rating which is 40, it will move to 70, 80 or 100 or 90, 100, depending 
on how sophisticated the modeling is of the buyer. This is a big 
change. 
So the competition level goes down, the expectation of quality is 
significantly higher. So we've just moved most of our supplies out into 
these customers who tend to have much higher standards. 
Analyst: 
So ideally are these players who are bidding under TBCB private 
players and then they are putting up the transmission lines, and so 
ideally are these such players who are probably buying the premium 
products, or solutions from you? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management:  
No, so TBCB guys are not. The ones who buy the -- whom it was the 
turnkey today, largely is de-bottlenecking in certain lines of PGCIL and 
state transmission. Because the state transmission companies are the 
ones who are bringing power into the cities. So we have to work with 
those entities. 
Fortunately, the state transmission companies are actually very well with 
good cash flow, because nobody wants to mess with the transmission 
company. Because you have a generator and you have a receiver, the 
distribution guy. The cost of transmission is very low comparatively. So 
suppose the guy is paying INR 5, you may be paying 10 paisa, 15 
paisa as a viewing cost. If you don't pay that, transmission company 
shuts you out, you're going to get nothing at the end. 
Transmission company is paid off first, so the guy who suffer is the 
generator. That's how you find the dues of generators, which are a 
problem. And the transmission companies are very strategic in nature, 
because if you don't fix this at the right time, it takes time, right? It's a 
live wire. So it will take several quarters for you to slowly, slowly change 
each section by section and the power is still being transmitted. It 
means we have an outage for a certain period of time. 
Analyst: 
 
What is the scope of this reconducting? 
Management: 
Ultimately, every line that's gone into -- and the problem in India is that 
people are only looking at a very short-term in terms of – may be I 
need this much then today’s my requirement 100 is so I’ll plan for 105, 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
unlike in other places where they would look at the next the life of the 
line is 35, 40 years. What will I need in 35, 40 years or 50 years time? 
So that's where the whole life cycle cost and all these other things come 
in, which is what we've been pushing CEA, but they're moving in the 
right direction but it's not completely come into the future. So what 
happens and the consequence is that the lines, which have gone into 
the bringing the power into the cities all over the country, they just 
don't have enough spare capacity on them. 
Analyst: 
So within cities like Mumbai and all these places, you see underground 
cabling increasing and the overhead? 
Management:  
Mumbai has always been underground cabling. 
Analyst: 
 
But are we seeing such trends in other cities? 
Management: 
In other cities also it will happen, because it's far more expensive and 
the right of way is also very, very expensive and the cost of laying is 
also significantly higher. So within a city if you don't want a premium 
building, you don't want a wire running across the building, some 
aspect safety becomes an issue. 
But we've come up with a solution where we have something called a 
medium voltage covered conductor, which is part of our cable 
offering, where you have a conductor with insulation on it. So it 
completely eliminates the safety issue, it becomes zero. And in fact, 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
we got -- we were able to convince Maharashtra MSEDCL, placed an 
order on us for about a INR 100 crores for that. 
We've been supplying in Bangalore, Odisha, many other places with 
MVCC. And it's now been included in the RDSS. This whole RDSS -- 
because Mumbai is not a good example, but even if you go to a city 
like Bangalore and you go outside anybody's house, bungalow, you 
will see a cobweb of wires. 
So if you want to clean all that up and if you want to increase the safety 
you need to move to this. Also it has a special purpose, if you if it goes 
through a forest area and you take a large bird or a large animal. An 
elephant trunk can go across two phases. It will get electrocuted 
instantly. The same thing with a bird, you take a flamingo, you take a 
peacock, they are big bird, right? So they can easily cross two wires, 
two phases. It will be burned in a fraction of a second, it will be 
finished, because the transmission is happening at, starting at 132,000 
volts. What you have here is 220 volts and you get a shock. You can 
imagine what happens there when you go walk across two phases. 
So once you go to MVCC this is eliminated. Also a lot of last mile wire 
conducting is along the highways or the roads and in India we have 
planting trees along that. So you go on a road and you see trees on 
either side. So when the branches grow, again, it can short the wire. 
So in our own plant in Kathalwad in the monsoon, we have every 15 
days we have a crew that take permission from the -- and we pay for 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
the pruning of the trees. And now finally they are putting an MVCC 
solution into it. Once you put it in place, the problem is eliminated. 
Analyst:  
On the premiumization, we have done well in wire and conductor and 
some of this you will research much. If you look at specialty oil and 
lubrication, just what's the outlook there and what is the possibility of 
premiumization? 
Management:  
So actually the company originally started with trying to premiumize 
products in the specialty oil business. And the first area, which we 
really managed to get global acclaim in is in transformer oil, moving 
up in terms of the voltage levels, which were there. 
Then on the automotive side, we were looking at various, first, I'll just 
tell you the competitive landscape. What happened in the specialty oil 
side is that other than transformer oil where we reached to be the third 
largest in the world, when you look at lubricants, you are dealing with 
really with gigantic companies. Each company is a, if you've taken the 
GDP ranking, they all rank in the top hundreds in the world. You have 
ExxonMobil, you have Chevron, you have Shell, you have Valvoline, 
you have Total Energy. All of these, folks, which is the largest industrial 
oil and specialty lubricant manufacturing in the world out of Germany, 
every one of them is present in India. 
So, not that we are not growing and not that we are not taking market 
share, but when you want to take market share from somebody like this 
and then you have the three PSUs, IOC, HPC, BPC, where the 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
lubricants sale, they are not measured on profitability, they are 
measured on volume. Because they run a refinery, they need to 
evacuate X-amount of product and lubricants are more valuable 
generally than selling a raw material-based oil. 
So to gain share there is much more difficult. If I have to grow turnover 
by INR 100 crores in lubricants, it is far more difficult than from to 
grow turnover of INR 100 crores in conductor and conductor is more 
difficult than growing the INR 100 crore in cable, because the cable 
is addressable market, Indian market is INR 65,000 crores. 
If you look at the entire lubricant market, you're looking at INR 15,000 
crores and you're looking at who are you competing within the cable 
market. So the cable market you have very entrenched players on the 
LT house wire side. You have Polycab, which is the largest. Then you 
have Havells, which is very well-branded. Then you have RR cables, 
you have Finolex, and now you have KEI, which is --so these are the 
top five players in there. 
But they are mostly growing and focused on the power cable and the 
house wire side. So we saw the field being opened on specialty cables. 
Just like how we grew our specialty lubricant business basically trying 
to find solutions for clients. The same thing we saw here. So there were 
products in the mining side, railways, navy, defense. The renewable 
energy when it came up new, we were the first guys to get approval 
for panel wiring, what they call string cables for the solar panels. Then 
solar evacuation, it's an LT cable only, but slightly modified. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Then we invested in manufacturing cables for the inside of windmills. 
Today, we have about 75% market share. We invested money on the 
E-beams for getting into rolling stock for locomotives and coaches. That 
area, none of these five guys were -- their focus was a power cable, so 
all of them put EHV capacitors, extra high voltage. We said forget extra 
high voltage, these guys are already there. We concentrate on what 
we are comfortable with. So today we are INR 3,000 crores revenue. 
Polycab is I think whatever INR 12,000 crore or something in the cable 
side INR 12,000 crore or INR 14,000 crore on the cable side. But our 
range of cable is at least 5x of their range, because that is not solution 
based. 
Analyst:  
INR 65,000 crore market that is there for the segments that you offer. 
What is your addressable market? 
Management:  
We have products now other than EHV, which is a small fraction of 
that. It's a couple thousand. 
Analyst: 
 
That's what focus area. 
Management: 
 It's bulk of the INR 65,000 crores by getting into this house wire range 
and stuff. These house wires are about half the market, remaining 
cables is half the market. So, we were first addressing only half the 
market. Now, we have started a range of light duty cables, which is the 
other half of the market. Besides this, what we see is that for all the 
specialty cables, windmills, solar, rolling stock, the world is our market. 
Why do we have to -- because when we developed our products, we 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
didn't develop it based on only Indian specifications. So we developed 
it looking at IEC, looking at ESDM, all these factor. 
Analyst:  
 
So most of the products are now approved with all global…? 
Management: 
Many of them, our entire windmill range is approved by all the top 10 
windmill manufacturers including two in China. So we have approval 
from all 10 of them. If you take solar, we have -- there's a TUV, which 
is the standard, German standard, which is accepted all over the world. 
So from day one we made sure that our cable met the TUV standards. 
So then the US requirement is something called Underwriters 
Laboratory. Every cable tie requires a UL certification. So it takes about 
six months and it costs anywhere between INR 20 lakhs, INR 25 lakhs 
at the low end and to about INR 40 lakhs, INR 50 lakhs at the high end 
for one approval. So we have the largest number of UL approvals in 
the country amongst the cable manufacturers. 
So that's what has allowed us on the cable side, because of this strategy 
we've been able to leapfrog from being nowhere in terms of export to 
now in FY '23 I think we'll be the largest exporter of cables in India. 
Analyst: 
 
What's the number? In crores, what's that number be? 
Management: 
About -- it's almost close to 50% of our revenue. So it will be about 
INR 1,500 crores. If you take, two years ago we are not even doing 
INR 150 crores. So big jump and I think it's not that we didn't want to 
do it. Two things, one, is that we improved the product profile to meet 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
what the market is requiring. But it took some time to get the 
certification and once we got the certification in place the immediate 
demand was not there. Today electricity is the only way in urban areas 
for you to reduce your pollution, because the problem is what, it's a 
very simple problem. 
You have a very high population density. So if you use devices in that 
high density, which are polluting, the pollution concentration is very 
high. That's why Beijing, Mumbai, Mexico City, Delhi, high 
concentration of people driving cars, doing this, that and all that 
pollution level high. The simplest way is you take away these polluting 
devices, you’ll have a dramatic reduction in the emissions, bad quality 
air, all those problems, it will just go away. So with this whole carbon 
emission footprint, that is happening. 
Analyst:  
You said this INR 1500 crores export revenue, what was it two, three 
years back you said? 
Management:  
Just couple hundred crores from the cable division. 
Analyst: 
 
Okay. 
Management:  
INR 1500 crores is only cable. 
Analyst: 
No, I got your point. From which sector we are getting so much 
amount; solar, wind? 
Management: 
From solar, wind, from the railways, from -- because every metro 
requires… 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Analyst: 
So from this INR 1500 crores is export we are talking about. And that 
also it's…? 
Management: 
The largest market we have for export today is the United States. So if 
you to take cable and conductor, after India, number two is US, and 
the story has just begun there. 
Analyst: 
You have also got some tailwinds due to the UP structure, right? So 
can you just talk about how sustainable that is? 
Management: 
So, I think, the tailwind has come right now only from the US. India is 
in the process of changing FTA. We've just got an FTA that's become 
effective in January from Australia, and I think UAE is becoming 
effective now, I think if I'm not mistaken either March or April or 
something. But the US is still the same. They're working on it. EU is still 
the same. We still pay 3.8%. 
What's happened is that some of these guys have really taken seriously 
this China-Plus-One. And in the US, the Chinese duty has shot up from 
0% to 25%, 30%, 35% depending on the product, which is there. But 
we are finding some of our customers, they take an undertaking from 
us. You will not use a single Chinese product. Five countries, they 
won't use any product, you give an undertaking. One of them is China, 
the other one is Iran, who is popularly known. The third one now is 
Russia. You have to give an undertaking. So we cannot use Russian 
aluminum, even though in India you can buy Russian aluminum. We 
can't use it in India. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Analyst: 
So if I remove the duty structure parity on a just pure cost basis, what 
is the differential between ours and maybe same quality Chinese 
today? So if the duty structure goes away, we might be still -- so just 
efficiency then cost efficiency is if you could put some light on that? 
Management: 
So in terms of cost efficiencies on the conductor side and even in some 
of the cables, we have pretty much today at par. I'll give you an 
example, three years ago our conversion cost, average conversion 
cost, whatever cables we produced, right? We were at about 11% of 
the sales value. Today we are at 5.5%. So some of it has come because 
of the type of cables, but a large portion of it has come because of 
efficiency that we've driven. 
So it comes from scale as well as producing more product out of the 
productivity of the equipment and we've started a major F.O industry, 
F.O program where we are starting to get the automated, capturing 
24x7 of data because that's the starting point for productivity, right? 
You know exactly where you are running faster, slower, change over 
times. 
By focusing on all that, so I think efficiency wise we are pretty much 
there. We have a level playing field. We can compete, but in countries 
like the US and Australia, these two places particularly, they are really 
wanting to diversify out of Chinese products. 
Analyst: 
Okay. Sir, do you think this could rather than being a temporary, it 
could be a far longer scenario? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management: 
 It could be a far longer scenario. So when we, however, in our 
guidance because conductors what will happen you've seen, basically 
we were running at INR 8,000 to INR 12,000 a ton if you took rewind 
to about three years ago, and then you take the three years, eight, 19 
years, we are always in that bracket. 
Today by looking at the mix of products we have that itself can take you 
to that INR 22,000 to INR 25,000. In addition to that, there are certain 
tailwinds, like, what you're talking about, where a preference is given 
to buy a non-Chinese product if an FTA comes in place, now two of 
them, we've got orders from Australia. Now the profitability on that will 
increase by 4%, because some of it -- our customer because they were 
taking it on FOB basis, they will benefit. 
But whatever we are delivering to Sydney Metro to -- Sydney is over 
now. We are bidding on Brisbane and Adelaide Metro, etcetera. We 
become 4% more competitive. And anyway we are meeting the price 
point to win the job. So now our profitability goes up by 4%. So, some 
of these tailwinds, if you don't count them then you are looking at that 
INR 22,000 to INR 25,000 per ton, because fundamentally the 
business has changed. 
Now if you take more ACCC, for example, the upper end of the of the 
high efficiency conductors, the margin is higher than if you supply one 
of the more standard type of high efficiency. 
Analyst: 
 
So the market is also shifting to the premium? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management: 
It is shifting over there. But the format finally depends on my customer. 
I may try to push for any format, but see it's a regulated industry at the 
end of the day and it's a concentrated industry. So the utility has to 
finally decide. What we are trying to educate people to make sure that 
we can maintain a higher profitability in our conductor business and 
to some extent even the cable business is to look at the life cycle cost 
of a product, which is a very established system that exists outside India 
and has been existing for decades. 
If you take the US, if you take the standard there, it is called ASTM. It's 
an Australian Military Standard. So all these products we went in after 
World War II basically, you know, from 1945, after the great 
depression if you study your economics or whatever, this huge boom 
was there, right? It was an investment-led boom and huge infrastructure 
went in. So that was from the late 1940s up to 1970 until that oil shock 
took place. That was the bulk of the infrastructure going in. 
The military set the standards. ASTM is such a high standard they set. 
That's why the life of these products is expected to be 35 years, but 
they still not changed it. Now it's reaching end of life. What is gone in 
1950, you are looking at now what 70-odd years. It was supposed to 
last 35 years, it has already lasted double. That's the life cycle costs, 
which our people are still not -- they are not understanding. 
And if suppose you change a line, you look at the cost of aluminum in 
rupees. Five years ago, look at the cost of aluminum in rupees today, 
there is a huge inflation, labor inflation. So, if your line last less towards 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
the end of the life cycle of the product, the cost of risk management is 
like astronomically high compared to what you would have – premium 
you would have paid if you took that into account on day one. 
So Bangladesh, for example, is going with very high-level 
specification. Why? Because Asian Development Bank is lending them 
the money. They don't have the money. The payment is over a period 
of 25, 30 years. The World Bank or Asian Development Bank wants to 
make sure that they don't have to fund another line until this line is paid 
for. So they are bound to look at the life cycle cost of the product. 
Here we are working on our own balance sheet, so people are doing 
their own championship game, save 5% here, 4% there. But in a life 
cycle you end up hurting from it. 
Analyst: 
With current realizations 2025 that you say and whatever capacities 
are, what are the peak revenues that we can do with current capacity? 
Management: 
So you know right now we are running pretty much flat out on our 
conductor side. Cable is running at 90-plus percent capacity today 
overall. Power cable is running flat out. Elastro  is running flat out. 
So we are going through with a capex of around INR 350 crores and 
if you look at the just a rule of thumb at a macro level what would be 
the sales to -- asset to sale ratio, it's anywhere between -- depending on 
the mix anywhere between maybe about seven times to 10 times. You 
can easily go up to an addition of about 3500. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Analyst: 
 
What is the commencement? 
Management: 
So we've already started ordering equipment, because today the 
delivery times have become extremely long for capital goods. We have 
already ordered it. It will get commissioned in the, you know, starting 
up from March, April onwards it will start getting commissioned. So 
whatever is going into our existing premises will get commissioned in 
the next few months. What is going into new sites that will take about 
seven, eight months, nine months starting from that point on. 
Analyst: 
 
By FY25 should we complete commissioning? 
Management: 
By 25 continuously, because there's stuff going in within our existing 
place. Part of this capex is also productivity capex. Because today 
we've reached, see when it was set up, you didn't know what the mix 
was going to be. We have a saying in our company saying the 
maximum fiction in the world that has been written is on Excel 
spreadsheets. So you plan something out and then the market goes in 
some other direction, customer requirement. 
So when you're setting something up initially, you have to build lot of 
more flexibility, because you don't know, which way the market is 
going to grow. Today we have so much more predictability that now 
you can change some of the old equipment and make it dedicated to 
certain products and get maybe 40%, 50% more productivity. And 
then you use that equipment somewhere else. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
So a combination of all this is going in. But I think in two years time, 
the entire 350 -- between 18 and 24 months, it's entire 350. 
Analyst: 
 
This is for cable. 
Management: 
Cables and conductors put together, because you see cable also, the 
upstream is the same. Like, for example, the US market requires a 
specific alloy. If we buy that alloy from Hindalco or from Vedanta, they 
don't alloy it as well as we do, because they don't produce a finished 
product. They don't have that feedback cycle. It's natural. When you're 
doing end-to-end, you keep on fine tuning your product to meet those 
requirements. So we are putting in rolling mills, we are putting in wire 
drawing, anything, stranding the whole. So the conductor can also use 
it and the cable also can use it. 
Analyst: 
 
The oil business, oil side of the transformer? 
Management: 
The oil side has got a lot of capacity available. So for our lubricant 
side, which is your industrial automotive, we run on two shifts. So 
basically you can entire third shift is available. And on the speciality 
also, we have lot of expansion room, because what we have done over 
the last… 
Analyst: 
 
Capex should not be required then? 
Management: 
No. And I’ll tell you what happens here and why. Because what we 
have done is that we have dramatically improved our process ability of 
products. So we no longer blend products, let's say for transformer 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
oil, white oil, we can blend products in 2,000 kl tanks. You can blend 
two million liters in a tank. We've developed air blending, a whole lot 
of processes that are in. So, capacity is not a big problem. So in fact, 
out of this INR 350 crore, hardly INR 25 crore, INR 30 crore is going 
to go into the oil side. 
Analyst: 
 
Your current order book, INR 4,800 crore. 
Management:  
That's only cable. 
Analyst: 
 
That's only cable? 
Management:  
Sorry, INR 4,800 crore is conductor. 
Analyst: 
 
Okay. So do you build your order book for your cables as well? 
Management: 
So you know the cable order book is it rolls much more. You don't 
have longer, you don't have such a long lead time. But even then if 
you see, I don't have the exact number. It's about 1200 to 1500 cr -- 
yeah, but the deliveries are pretty quick. So that order book other than 
for nuclear power and all would be all within three, four months. 
Analyst: 
So what was this number like three, four, five years back? This INR 
4,800 crore pitch on a backlog that you have, typically on a year-on-
year basis how much of order book you used to book maybe four, five 
years back at what rate? 
Management: 
So if you take a number of months actually the number of months where 
the order book hasn't gone up. In fact in some cases it has gone down, 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
because in POWERGRID used to place orders, they would place 
orders for straight 18 months delivery schedule. So these are much 
shorter delivery schedules and particularly the EPC guys, they have to 
deliver a fixed price. And we don't take any speculation on the metal. 
So our customer has to tell us then we will back-to-back block the metal. 
Analyst: 
 
Normally, what’s the delivery time sir? 
Management: 
So it depends. Today most guys want shorter delivery, because there 
is so much volatility on metals and stuff like that. 
Analyst: 
 
What’s the number of days or months? 
Management: 
Yeah. So it will vary. So some cases it is three months, going up to 
maybe six months, seven months. 
Analyst: 
 
You're talking about the conductor side? 
Management: 
Yeah, conductor only I am talking, much faster delivery. And they are 
ready – the customers are ready to pay a premium for delivery. 
Analyst: 
Sir, if you can just give us perspective on the margins front in the three 
businesses. Earlier there was lot of volatility and now we probably have 
a much better revenue mix. So what should we keep in mind like…? 
Management: 
So if you take up -- we sort of discussed it in the last call also. For cable 
business, we are seeing a double digit, 10% EBITDA, and then 
depending on more specialty products, it can go upward from that. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
And we are currently at around that level for this year. Last quarter was 
almost 12%. 
Analyst: 
 
YTD at 10%. 
Management: 
10 point something, 10.4 or 9.8, and if you take the last quarter it will 
go a little over 10 for the whole year. And then that becomes like a 
base case for us to go forward. If you then come to the conductor 
business, if you take away all these tailwinds, I mentioned you know 
INR 22,000 to INR 25,000 metric ton that's what we've given earlier. 
That's what is a steady base case. Any tailwinds are there, it will help 
you go above that. 
Analyst: 
 
INR 25000 per ton real average in conductors. 
Management: 
EBITDA per ton. Cable is 10%, conductor is INR 22,000 to INR 
25,000 per metric ton. That's EBITDA per ton. That's the base case, 
which used to be earlier INR 12,000, INR 8,000, INR 12,000. It's 
clearly doubled because of… 
Analyst: 
 
Is 44% prime number? 
Management: 
Yeah, 44% right now we have, it's much higher itself. It's at if you take 
the nine months we are almost 40,000. It's because we are able to 
export the product to the US and all these markets. My sense is that it 
will continue. But we are getting good pricing from these markets 
relative to what you're getting over here. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Nine months at 40,000 per ton. So some of it is because there is a 
tailwind on freight. Wherever the DDP contracts were, we had got 
screwed when the freight rates went up, because the customers are 
saying DDP is DDP, your look out. Now we are gaining from the other 
side of the cycle. So at the end of the period actually we may end up 
gaining as opposed to losing, because there is much more value of 
contracts. 
During the COVID period, people didn't want to take on big jobs, 
because there was not enough predictability. 
Analyst: 
 
And similarly if you think you should change on the...? 
Management: 
And then on the oil side, the speciality oil side, we have been around 
5,000 to 5,500 is what we are running at. We will continue to run at 
that. 
Analyst: 
 
This is what INR 3,500 crore kind of run rate? 
Management: 
We have been actually closer to 5,000 for some time now. There may 
be some periods where it has gone down and gone up. During this 
COVID period, the oil business had a lot of tailwinds. We have gone 
up to 7,000, 8,000. It’s 5,000 to 5,500 per kilo litre. 
Yeah, if you model it for five years, seven years, you can take overall 
on an annual basis. If you build a five-year, seven-year model, you can 
easily take these. That's what at least we do our own internal modeling, 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
because you plan for the worst and hope for the best, right. So that 
scenario is basically this. 
Analyst: 
Sir conductor now, today you are doing 14,000. What should we 
look…? 
Management:  
40,000. 
Analyst: 
 
40,000 sorry. So what should we look forward? 
Management: 
That only I'm saying on an absolute steady state basis, rain or shine 
take away all the tailwinds, which are there, etcetera. we should be 
between INR 22,000 and INR 25000 is like a absolute base case. 
Analyst 
 As you said there's no point in competing, because there are many… 
Analyst: 
 
So, we’re not competing, but it's a difficult market. 
Analyst:  
So if I come to transformer oils, is there something like a conductor or 
wires in place that, or it's via third largest will it be demand led or there 
could be a moment wherein…? 
Management: 
So here transformer oil is the only demand, right, because whatever 
transformer you put in there, there is a certain percentage of oil that 
goes into it. So if you take the entire oil basket, transformer oil is one 
place where you will continuously see growth, because you know as 
the electrical infrastructure grows, the amount of transformation of 
electricity required will proportionately increase, and therefore the oil 
requirement will go up. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Analyst: 
There could be a solution of new installation or there could be a lot of 
replacement oil or that's not all? 
Management: 
It's normally led by new installations, but there is also a certain amount 
of replacement that goes in. 3%, 4% of the installed base is the 
replacement on an average that’s go in. But it's really led by new 
infrastructure. A lot of new infrastructure is going in worldwide. We 
also have the largest manufacturer, Nina's out of Sweden, which went 
into bankruptcy; they've changed three owners in the last three years. 
So that has also helped to some extent. We've been able to push and 
grow. But this kind of, you know, so we see about 5% growth in that 
segment. 
On our lubricant side, we see growth on the industrial, where we are 
growing and continuously doing well. We're getting more and more 
approvals. And as India is getting more sophisticated in 
manufacturing, automatically the lubricant, you put more machinery, 
you need more lubrication. So it's a straight function of that. 
The automotive side is where you will start seeing a lot of changes 
happening. And our sense is that the effect is going to come of this 
whole electrification, this EV hybrid business in two major areas. One 
is public transportation. All CNG will become EV basically, all your 
rickshaws, buses, taxis all that ultimately, they move from diesel and 
petrol to electric. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Second area is in personal mobility in urban areas, because you can 
build a network within Mumbai. So if you have a scooter, you are not 
going to use that scooter to go from here to Surat, but you will use it 
to travel within Mumbai and you can get that hundreds, this kilometer 
will go up to 100, 200 kilometers. Already the government here in 
Mumbai, public parking or any new building, every fifth, 20% has to 
have an electric charging point under new law, which are there. 
So your two-wheeler will actually get affected quite a lot because that's 
the easiest to switch. And the ticket size also is -- and the government 
will give incentives. They're already giving. 
The second one that will get affected is your four-wheeler mobility. 
Cars. But we see that your trucks and that's cargo movement and 
agriculture will take a long way. So that's why we have been focusing 
a lot on agriculture, because it's not really the government's great 
incentive. The farmer wants it for free. So the more the government 
gives power to these guys that much more free power will go. So the 
equation doesn't fit. 
And secondly, the farms are all spread out to create that infrastructure, 
you need a full cabling infrastructure and all that. It's a big, very long. 
So the quick gains on emissions and all that isn't, isn't urban route. So 
this is I mean is our $0.02 opinion on it. So that's where our strategy 
is, you know, focused around that. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
So we've been building a portfolio here, one of the largest suppliers 
today into the agri-tech sector. So we supply TAFE Eicher, which is the 
second largest. We don't have any business with Mahindra. We have 
a problem with their model. They basically want lubricant supplier to 
become a toll manufacturer. 
So if you have to toll, why would you toll for you? We will toll for some 
other companies that can get a higher margin. So there is TAFE Eicher, 
then we supply Sonalika. We just got approval now for all the products 
that Sonalika wants to export, because they are exporting. They are 
planning to export even into Europe and all that, the lower end tractor, 
etcetera. We are covering Escort. So we cover two, three and four. 
We are not doing two and five, which is -- and then a lot of smaller 
people are there in that pre-owner. So we cover all these guys. 
So we have a good -- and we have the best product for oil-immersed 
brakes. UTT and oil-immersed for brakes, for tractors, we have the best 
product in the market. So that's how we've been gaining share in that 
area. 
Rest, we are trying to grow our, you know, the industrial is growing, 
we are trying to improve our distribution footprint for the automotive. 
But there is going to be a lot of change here. You will see mobility side 
coming down for sure. 
Analyst: 
When do you say on the export side, whenever you're doing exports 
its directed to OEM or tyre one or tyre two, or it's to distributors? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management: 
So the US market is actually split. We do certain amount of supply to 
EPC companies directly. So if you take the utility market in the US, it's 
very strange. Most people may not understand it. It has about 3,000 
plus utilities, of which 30 of them are of gigantic size and the 
remaining 2,970 are really small. So to service those 2,900 odd 
utilities you need a distribution setup, because those guys don't want 
to stock anything. They want 24-hour service on any replacement or 
whatever. 
So because of that you have its distribution led for standard. So what 
we do is we follow two strategies. We have relationship with -- out of 
the top 10 importers, we are working with three of these top 10 
importers who we supply their stock and we sell. And then we work 
with EPC players where we supply them direct. 
Analyst: 
 
And the payment? 
Management: 
Payment is generally not a problem. We take ECGC cover, so that 
covers 90% percent, because the US doesn't work on LCs, they work 
on all direct. But so far, we are quite careful in terms of who we deal 
with, and we've tried to keep ourselves within the ECGC limits. In fact, 
ECGC has been a major positive surprise. 
When we started growing the US business, obviously, we didn't have 
the ECGC. ECGC normally goes on historical data. But now what to 
do? Suddenly, the requirement has gone up two-fold, three-fold. So 
we asked for a meeting with the senior management there and to our 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
pleasant surprise, I think about 15 top people of ECGC came for the 
meeting. They wanted to understand what's happening in the US 
markets and global markets and after we presented, almost an hour 
long presentation, an hour long Q&A. And then they have been quite 
fast in looking. Not that they give it to anyone and everyone, but we've 
not seen them act with so much of speed compared to the… 
Analyst: 
 
So this is for which product you mention? 
Management: 
For cables and conductors both. See in oil what happens is that as a 
company we have a blanket approval of US$2 million per customer. 
So most of the customers are falling under a $2 million. 
Analyst: 
 
For billing or annual number? 
Management: 
No, no. So this is at any given time. So if you have a 30 days, it will 
rotate once a month, if you have 90 days, it will rotate four times like 
that. For India to export, you need all this sort of stuff to follow. It's not 
just ports and it's the banks. So now we've got increased lines from 
banks. There are more banks today willing to do factoring or forfeiting 
as they call it. Otherwise they wanted some ridiculous prices. You have 
big ticket factorings, so all that is coming in. 
Analyst: 
 
And should we have debt for the books? 
Management:  
Yes, some debt is getting minimal, but we have working capital. 
Analyst: 
And this INR 350 crore capex would be mostly in terms of loan, or you 
take some…? 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management: 
So we plan to take a borrowing for it, because we really don't have 
any long-term debt on our books. We have less than INR 200 crore, 
INR 50 crore will get paid in this quarter. So a loan of INR 150 crore. 
So it works out well and we want to keep the strength of our company 
is to always maintain some headroom in the balance sheet, because 
you know working capital -- if you are going to grow at this pace the 
banks look that when they give you working capital funding, or certain 
portion of it is contributed by the company. 
Analyst: 
What's the internal target like in case of three year, four years, what 
are you…? 
Management: 
So our sense is that the conductor business can grow at 25% a year, 
sorry, the cable business. The conductor business will grow in double 
digit, because of premiumization as well as volume. And the oil 
business we expect growth of about 5% per year approximately. 
Bottom line can easily grow at 25%. For this year it’s like a huge jump 
up. 
But if you take an average of the last two years and then extrapolate 
then that's the more -- yeah, it's a more -- actually to really look at our 
business you need to look at rolling 24 months then you'll get a -- you 
can really then see the trend. 
Analyst: 
Yeah, agree. Doesn't the high base present a challenge for you for the 
next year? It's a tremendous base, which you have got. 

 
  
 
       APAR Industries Limited 
                                                                                                                            February ,06 2023 
                                                                                                      
Management: 
Because, you know, yes, so I'm not so sure that you will get a 25% 
growth over what. This year we have already done close to INR 400 
crores PAT. I mean, the last quarter, we said on the call also, if you 
extrapolate it, it will be INR 130 crore approximately, INR 125-odd 
crore. 
So next year to expect a 25% growth on that is very difficult. It may not 
happen. But if you take a long-term, you know, you average out the last 
two years and then take a trend line, you can see a 20-odd percent 
growth. 
Analyst: 
 
Thank you, sir. Thanks. 
Management: 
Okay. Thank you. We have actually upgraded our presentation on our 
website, so you will have a lot of more information. 
