  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APL/SEC/32/2022-23/70 
 
23rd January, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500820 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Symbol: ASIANPAINT 
 
Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor Conference 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the investor conference held on 19th January, 2023, with 
regard to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months period ended                       
31st December, 2022. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
through the following link: 
 
Investor Conference - Transcript 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
R J JEYAMURUGAN 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN
Digitally signed by 
JEYAMURUGAN 
RAMALINGAM 
JEYAPANDIYAN 
Date: 2023.01.23 
20:45:00 +05'30'

 
 
“Asian Paints Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Management :  
Mr. Amit Syngle  
: MD & CEO  
Mr. R.J. Jeyamurugan : CFO & Company Secretary  
Mr. Parag Rane  
: GM – Finance  
Mr. Arun Nair  
: Manager - Corporate Communications 
 

 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
Arun Nair: Good Evening and a very warm welcome to one and all to the Asian Paints 
Investor conference for Q3 FY 2023 results.  This is Arun Nair from Corporate 
Communications.  
Today on the panel, we have Mr. Amit Syngle, MD & CEO;  Mr R.J. Jeyamurugan, 
CFO & Company Secretary and Mr. Parag Rane, GM - Finance. May I now request 
Mr. Amit Syngle to take you all through the presentation.  Mr Amit Syngle over to 
you.  
Amit Syngle: Thank you, and good evening to all of you for coming to this investor 
conference for the Quarter 3 Financial year 2023 results. So let me just take you 
through some of the brief highlights before we really get into the questioning.  
 
As you are aware that it's now almost eight decades of existence in which we have 
been there for looking at existing to beautify, preserve, transform all spaces and 
objects, bringing happiness to the world in a big way. So that has been one of the core 
values in terms of what we have been kind of speaking of and that is what we really 
imbibe in terms of the core value.  

 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
Just a disclaimer, obviously and going on to in terms of the results.  
 
Obviously, this quarter has been a little bit of a rough quarter, in terms of what we 
have seen.  The overall volumes are a little muted in terms of what we see with almost 
being at base and a value growth of about 1%. You know, this is obviously coming at 
the back of last year a very, very high price increase base which we have seen which 
is a 10% in increase which we had taken on 10th of November and a 5% increase we 
had taken on 1st of December. So fairly hefty increases in terms of what we have seen 

 
4 | P a g e 
 
in the last year which had preponed a lot of Q4 volumes into Q3 of last year to that 
extent and that is why possibly one it is a very heavy base. And secondly, what we 
have also seen a prolonged monsoon which is kind of caught into the month of 
October, which has kind of really impacted the October volumes but there was a 
bounce back which happened in November and December; and December especially, 
we have looked at you know, double digit volume growth which is back in terms of 
what we have got. The other clear thing is that we look at our overall journey the 
volume growths have been very, very strong if you look back on to the last 6-8 quarters 
to that extent and therefore if you look at even on that kind of a number, the three year 
compounded growth rate is close to about 16% on volume and about 17.6% on value. 
So those are very strong numbers in line with our overall growth in terms of what we 
have been pursuing over a period of time. The nine monthly results kind of also gives 
us a peep in terms of how the overall year has been to that extent and we look at a 
clear double digit 13% volume growth which is there and a 23% value growth which 
is coming in, in terms of the overall decorative business.  The CAGR numbers here are 
also very, very strong at volume at 18 and a value of 19.2. So clearly the nine monthly 
figures are very, very strong from the point of view of the overall growth of the 
business and the CAGR values kind of reflecting clearly, the fact that it is a consistency 
in terms of what's coming overall in terms of the overall growth story which has been 
there.  

 
5 | P a g e 
 
 
This kind of just validates the statement which I was making,  you know in the last 
slide.  If you look at that kind of volume growth story, I think it has been very, very 
strong. Strong double digit numbers all across, and even the number when we see for 
the quarter 3 of financial year 23, the CAGR number is at about 16%. So clearly 
showing that this whole impetus of the volume growth have been very strong and this 
kind of really looks at possibly what would be the way ahead in terms of how we 
would look at the business going ahead.  
 

 
6 | P a g e 
 
Overall as I just qualified that the monsoon took a toll and all the seasonal markets 
which are the North, Central and the Western markets basically got effected because 
of the you know, October, you know, the monsoons extending well into the October 
and you're all aware that Diwali is a slightly high seasonality which kind of comes in 
and given the fact that the shorter Diwali, it took a larger toll with respect to the month 
of October to that extent, coupled with obviously the price increases basis in terms of 
what I have already spoken off. We saw you know, in fact, tepid growth across T1, T2 
and T3, T4 centers. We don't see too much of a difference between the growth rates 
which we got in the relatively metros and you know the bigger cities to that extent as 
compared to the urban market overall in terms of what we see. So, in our case, we 
don’t see too much of a difference, yes there could be a differential of about 1% or so 
in terms of the overall growths but largely not too much of a difference in terms of 
saying that the smaller centres have done extremely bad or something like that.  So it 
is I think fairly uniform in terms of what we see here.  What we also see is the 
December recovery, which is clearly a double digit growth coming across market in 
terms of the overall business which is there. So clearly, I think the larger inventory in 
the network last quarter, was one of the reasons in terms of possibly that inventory 
not being there in this quarter, to that extent and that has affected the numbers to some 
extent, in terms of both volume and value to some extent. We also see that the mix last 
year was definitely much better given the fact that the price increases were higher on 
the relatively high cost products in terms of the premium and the luxury products to 
that extent. And that is why, they got better stocked in last year to that extent which 
is what possibly has affected even the mix this year in terms of what we have seen, 
and we have definitely seen some bit of downtrading happening in the premium 
luxury spaces to economy spaces given the fact that today, there has been a lot of price 
increases which have happened to that extent, affecting the mix in terms of the Q3 
clearly. However, the Project's business has been very, very strong still, and it is 
continuing to grow higher than the Retail business and we have grown very well in 
the government, the factories, the cooperative housing sector and in the builder 
segments and these have been able to propel higher quantum of sales happening 
across the country to that extent. Our entire foray in terms of looking at you know, 

 
7 | P a g e 
 
extending our presence across the country continues and we have largely a very 
strong entire program in terms of opening newer retail points to that extent.  We have 
added about 10,000 new retail points in the nine months which have gone by this is 
on 10,000, which we added almost last year to that extent and therefore this reach 
continues to kind of go very, very strongly.  We are closer to almost about 1.5 lakh 
retail points across the country which is kind of giving us very good presence than 
any other kind of brand in the industry to that extent. Overall, the services area has 
done also very well we have a painting service which is one a ‘Safe Painting Service’, 
and the other which is called the ‘Trusted Contractor Service’. Both doing extremely 
well and now we have a presence which is large across the country. And this is an 
unmatched kind of area which no possibly, no other company matches us in India or 
at global level to that extent with this kind of a service orientation, in terms of painting, 
which we have. So that's the crux in terms of some of the highlights, in terms of what 
we see as in terms of what has happened in the Decorative business.  
 
Some of the new products which we have launched is also something giving us a very 
good inroads today. Some of these products are really top of the end products which 
are there and you look at ‘Dynamo’ here which is a top of the end adhesive product, 
‘Purafin’, which is again a strong wood finishes product which is there, ‘Apex’ which 
is an exterior product coming in. So I think all these products come in with a very clear 

 
8 | P a g e 
 
technology advancement which comes in and something which cannot be matched by 
competition in a strong manner. Over the last few quarters, I have been showing you 
such products and today, we feel that we have about almost about 45 to 48 new 
products. We are basically competition or the industry doesn't have an answer, but it 
is a very good kind of preposition for the customers to have these kinds of products 
which basically gives them a large variety of solutions.  
 
We have also launched two new cutting edge products which are there in the 
waterproofing which is there, one for interior which is called the ‘Hydro Loc Xtreme’ 
and one for exterior, which is called the ‘Damp Proof Xtreme’. Both products basically 
acting on waterproofing and efflorescence in a very very strong manner in terms of 
the way they give protection and suited to the Indian environment, especially to the 
coastal markets, where the dampness on the walls is higher to that extent. So, I think 
again, cutting edge products where possibly, we see that we have the kind of credence 
of these products being only with us and these products definitely the technology is 
patented in terms of the way we have kind of looked at launching them and putting 
them in the market.  

 
9 | P a g e 
 
 
One other thing, which I wanted to highlight, which we have done which is a very 
strong thing is our partnership with the St+Art Foundation, which we have been 
working over the last eight years or so.  We have done about you know 500 murals 
today across about across the country. This is our initiative to look at, you know really 
bringing art to public spaces and beautifying the public spaces in a very strong 
manner. And this is what we call is a democratization of art, where we take up 
basically large communities and design districts which we have created across the 
country, where we do this entire beautifying of the public spaces along with the 
communities who are there. It's a very large initiative.  It gives brand very strong 
credits which is there to that extent. Recently, we've tied up with the Mumbai urban 
art festival which is there and which is currently on in Mumbai to that extent till 22nd 
February. I would urge a lot of you to kind of visit and enjoy this where we have done 
this entire Sassoon Dock, and really kind of looked at possibly giving the entire 
Mumbai it's a chance in terms of how basically public spaces can look very, very 
differently. We've also taken heritage structures and built it up in terms of showcasing 
the ‘Colour of the year’ in terms of what we have looked at.  So very exciting times in 
terms of how it is kind of taking the whole brand imagery to another level as we kind 
of see going forward.  

 
10 | P a g e 
 
 
We look at the home decor foray as you remember this is the entire thing of ‘Share of 
Surface’ to ‘Share of Space’ kind of a transition which we are making in a strong 
manner. We have these stores which are a very big part of our journey in terms of 
offering decor under one roof, where we have now got about 38 stores which are 
functional across the you know T1, T2 cities and some of the metros to that extent 
where we kind of have almost about 15-16 categories being sold under one roof. But 
they are sold with a very clear preposition, which is technology led and which is led 
by interior designers and colour consultants which are there in these stores to that 
extent, a very strong customer proposition. We also have a ‘Beautiful Homes Service’, 
which is a personalized interior design to professional execution service, offered in 11 
cities and this is also doing extremely well in terms of how we are able to take the full 
home preposition to a lot of people who are coming, who want to make their homes 
beautiful and do the entire home instead of just the painting. And I think it fits very 
clearly along with the current business because we are able to leverage this category 
of home decor to the people who are painting their homes, who want to kind of do 
renovation, get into first homes or into second homes to that extent. And therefore it 
becomes a very, very strong strategy which kind of really aids the core strategy of you 
know, paint and coatings to that extent.  

 
11 | P a g e 
 
 
We also have a ‘beautifulhomes.com’ which is inspiring portal, which is there which 
feeds into a lot of digital leads which kind of come in from people who are visiting 
this beautifulhomes.com, and we already have about 150,000 Instagram followers and 
a lot of buzz on the social media in terms of this entire home decor in terms of what 
we do through beautiful homes. So if you look at this business, these stores are 38 in 
number world class stores designed by Fitch, which is an international retailing 
agency and this is the state-of-the-art stores which are coming and we believe as we 
kind of go forward, this is something which is going to really look at helping us reach 
home decor in millions and millions of homes in India very strongly.  

 
12 | P a g e 
 
 
As part of this, we had acquired you know this company called ‘White Teak’, as you 
are aware and we have been kind of working around in terms of increasing the 
distribution footprint, looking at selling more and more of this decorative lighting and 
you will be happy to know that we've been able to do almost a business of about           
Rs. 29 Crores in Q3 and on a Nine monthly level we have done about Rs. 73 Crores of 
business against the last year full year business of about Rs. 58 Crores. So I think the 
strides we are taking a very, very big and this is clearly a profitable business which is 
going ahead in a very strong manner. The other company which we had acquired was 
‘Weatherseal’, which makes UPVC Doors and windows. Again Q3, we have done 
about Rs. 7 Crores here. You know, our total revenue, which is from June to December 
of about Rs. 15 Crores is what we have done against the last year full revenue of about 
Rs 14 Crores to that extent.  Again, good strides in this and possibly as we kind of go 
ahead, we will keep on reporting very healthy numbers there as we kind of go ahead. 
So I think these are kind of adding to our whole story of the beautiful homes, within 
the stores on in the home service in terms of what we are running.   

 
13 | P a g e 
 
 
The Kitchen business and the Bath business overall. faced a little bit of a slowdown in 
Q3 more because of the fact that the retailing was down a little bit and they also had 
price increases basis overall to that extent even in the last year to that extent.  
So overall if you look at the Kitchen business was down by about 7% on the top line 
in Q3 and in the Bath business, if you look at possibly was down by a close to about 
11% in terms of the overall revenue.  But the nine monthly results for both businesses 
show clearly double digit growths of 19% and 26% respectively in terms of what we 
have been able to see.  On the PBT front of both businesses, we see that the Bath 
business for the last five six quarters has been giving us profits this month. This 
quarter was a little bit of a blip to that extent where we had slight loss in terms of the 
business, but on a nine monthly level we are clearly looking at about Rs. 4 Crores 
profit in terms of the overall operations.  The Kitchen operations, this year have been 
challenged a little because of the components business there have not doing too well 
and the sanware business not performing too well because of the slower retailing to 
that extent. And overall the Kitchen business on the PBT front, has shown a loss of 
about Rs 6 Crores and this is something which we are working strongly in terms of 
what we can do, because even on a overall year basis, there is accumulated loss which 
is kind of coming onto this business, but I think we are confident of turning this 

 
14 | P a g e 
 
around as you kind of go forward because, in the previous quarters we have been able 
to do a breakeven in terms of this business to that extent.  
 
When we go ahead and look at our international, which is what we call as the ‘AP 
Global ‘operation, this is the representation, you'll see on the countries, where we are 
represented and the down below are the brands in terms of what we operate here.  
 

 
15 | P a g e 
 
I think the markets have done fairly well overall to that extent, although they were a 
little bit muted market. So it's a mixed result in a way so we've seen overall AP Global 
doing about a 2% kind of revenue growth this year in the Q3. However, if we just take 
out Lanka out of this, where Sri Lanka you're aware in terms of has been not doing 
too well. The growth rates go up to about 13% in terms of the overall AP Global 
business. On a nine monthly level, we are at about 11% growth in the global business. 
As I said, Africa has been doing very well, Middle East has done well. Asia has been 
a little bit of an issue where we have seen Lanka obviously at a certain level. 
Bangladesh was facing certain Forex problems to that extent and Nepal saw a little bit 
of a slowdown in the market in this period to that extent, which has led to Asia kind 
of coming down a little bit. South Pacific was also marginally down to that extent but 
on the overall front you know, minus Lanka, we have still kind of done quite well in 
terms of the overall global business.  On the PBT level again, this year has been a very 
strong year as far as the PBT is concerned we are at almost at about Rs. 37 Crores kind 
of Profit in Q3, which is there, which is a huge up on the last year where we are facing 
a debacle because of the price increases and the inflation which is coming even on a 
nine monthly basis with the profit is about Rs. 118 Crores.  So I think the total 
profitability in the global has been a big story in terms of what we are seeing which 
translates to the PBDIT margins as well doing well and overall gross margins also 
going up in the overall business to that extent. So, that’s the AP Global business in 
terms of what is there. 

 
16 | P a g e 
 
 
Coming quickly to the industrial business, you know we cater to every kind of surface 
here, whether it is Auto OE, whether it is in terms of General Industrial or it is in terms 
of Powder, we cater to all the businesses here. 
 
We have two joint ventures which is there one is called the PPG-AP. This is a venture 
which kind of caters to the automotive segment. The auto story has been very, very 
strong. Last 2 quarters, we have seen auto coming back very strongly.  In this quarter 
also, auto was very good, leading to almost about a 24% kind of quarter growth, which 

 
17 | P a g e 
 
we have seen and even on a nine month level we have seen, overall business at about 
34% kind of growth to that extent. So, very very strong top line which we have seen 
as far as this business is concerned. When we look at from the point of view of overall 
bottom line, the bottom line also has been healthy in terms of this business because 
we have been able to take price increases overall in support the business.  We have 
seen about Rs. 91 Crores kind of profit this quarter and overall profit is at about 194% 
kind of growth. So I think the business has done extremely well both top line and 
bottom line. If you look at the General Industrial business, which is AP-PPG. Again, 
the business here is very strong. We've got a 24% top line kind of a growth which has 
come in, on a nine monthly level it goes to about 33% kind of growth which is there. 
So consistently for the last about 10 quarters, this business has been on double digit 
growth. So very, very strong story on the industrial side which is coming and the 
profitability has been also very good in terms of what it has come to Rs. 26 Crores in 
the quarter and about Rs. 51 Crores on a nine monthly basis. So overall, the margins 
have gone up, the gross margins have gone up and therefore the Industrial story is 
sounding extremely good in terms of what it is done in the quarter and almost at the 
nine monthly level as well. So this is basically the overall story amongst the businesses.  
 
Just a trend to kind of show you that from a Standalone gross margins, how the gross 
margins have moved. Last time, there was a lot of concerns about the margins coming 

 
18 | P a g e 
 
down this, this quarter we have got back very, very strongly.  So on a sequential basis, 
we have gone from 35.6 to about 38.7 which is almost about a 3.1% jump in terms of 
what you see in terms of the gross margins coming over.  Material deflation of almost 
about 7% which we have seen the quarter which is also half realized because of the 
higher inventory which is there in this quarter. So obviously margins are expected to 
possibly go even higher as we see the next quarter coming in. Even on a year on year, 
we see that, we are back to our original kind of profits of about 38, 38.9% which used 
to be the gross margin at that point of time earlier. 43.6 is a bit of an aberration, but I 
think we are back to the overall gross margins in terms of because of the deflation now 
happening to that extent and this only will get better as we kind of look at it.  Even 
from year-on-year kind of gross margin situation, we have gone from 36.9 to about a 
38.7 kind of a this thing which is almost like a 1.8% jump happening on the gross 
margin. So strong margin kind of scenarios. Which are emerging to that extent.  
 
The overall summary of the business appears like this.  Overall, the standalone 
business there is one percent kind of top line which is coming the gross margins have 
gone up the PBDIT margins have up to that extent. Overall if you look at PBT is at 
about a 6% growth to that extent and so is the PAT to that overall level. On the point 
of view of nine months this thing, the picture is very healthy. Overall net sales are at 
about 23% gross margins are also up as I just spoke about it and therefore the PBT and 

 
19 | P a g e 
 
PAT numbers are very, very strong from the point of view of almost showing about a 
28% growth coming in from those numbers.  
 
When we look at consol pictures, overall, the situation is largely similar in terms of 
what we see with a 2% topline coming and you know we see basically clear 
improvement with respect to the PBDIT margins sequentially going up from basically 
what 14.6 to about 18.7 in Q3 to that extent. And even here on here there is a very clear 
kind of increase which has happened of about 0.5% to that extent. So overall PAT is at 
about 6% growth. On a nine monthly basis, obviously the picture is far far stronger, 
22% top line pat of 33%, both PBDIT and PBT numbers also looking fairly healthy.  So 
I think that's something which is the overall picture. So that really completes the 
financial part of it.  

 
20 | P a g e 
 
 
I wanted to just highlight one or two more areas to you. As we kind of go ahead, we 
are still kind of quite positive in terms of what we see as a quarter story ahead. We've 
seen good kind of upturn in terms of December, which has happened. We think it is 
more the base correction which has happened this quarter. To that extent the overall 
foray from our sides in terms of growth will continue and that is something which 
we'll pursue as a growth story in terms of what we have been doing. Overall, what we 
see is that, in our case, we are still expecting T3, T4 towns to kind of really bounce 
back as we kind of go ahead. The rains have been good.  Overall indications from the 
rural sector are going forward that in Q4 we will get better results and in Q1 going 
forward of next year, I think it will be still better. When we look at material prices 
overall, we are expecting it to soften it further plus we have not taken the full impact 
of the you know the deflation which is in Q3. So overall I think the prediction 
obviously is that the margins will get only better in terms of looking at going forward.  
The B2B business, Projects business will continue to do well. As I said the Industrial 
businesses are doing well. And I think they should continue in terms of doing so to 
that extent. Yes, a little bit of a caution in terms of the recessionary fears in terms of 
what we are seeing, but if the GDP continues to kind of grow at this pace to that extent, 
we do see no reason in terms of why possibly the Indian markets should not do well. 
Yes, international markets, there are some African Asian markets where there are 

 
21 | P a g e 
 
forex pressures, but that is something I think we will just have to exercise a little bit of 
caution in terms of how basically it pans out as we look at Q4 and then the Q1 of next 
year. So, this is about what we see as in terms of the path forward going forward.  
 
Just to kind of update while all these announcements we have made and we have a 
apprised you last time as well. Our total investments, we are going to now look at 
going forward, is close to about Rs. 8750 Crores.  That's a quite a strong kind of punch 
which we are giving because today we are convinced about the growth story coming 
in and we've announced a new plant which is coming on the anvil.  This total 
Greenfield plant which is coming where we've just announced about a Rs. 2000 Crores 
kind of investment with a 4 Lakh KL kind of capacity which is coming.  Currently 
with some of the Brownfield which was coming our capacity was going to about 22.7 
Lakh KL and with this new Greenfield coming, 4 Lakh KL will get added and will go 
to about 26.7 Lakh KL kind of per annum capacity overall to that extent, with already 
a huge capacity in terms of what we look at from the point of view of outside 
processing. So I think, we are preparing ourselves very strongly for the next three 
years to four years to how we kind of see the overall growths panning out in terms of 
looking at. In addition, the backward integration initiative we announced in terms of 
our white cement and the VAM VAE kind of areas which we are putting money and 
those should be ready in other two years time as we look which would kind of give 

 
22 | P a g e 
 
us a further increase in terms of our margins as we kind of go forward.  So strong story 
in terms of looking at profitable growth as we kind of go ahead in a strong manner.  
So that's what I wanted to share with you. And I'm sure now there are questions and 
we'll take the questions now. Thank you.  
Moderator: Good Evening, everyone. Today we have participants joining via Zoom 
video platform and via teleconferencing.  Requesting all participants joined via zoom 
video platform, kindly rename yourself with your name and your company name.  
Please use the raise hand feature to ask a question to the panellists. Kindly unmute 
when given a chance to ask a question. Please mention your name and your company 
name before asking your question. Kindly restrict your questions to only 2 due to time 
constraints. Participants connecting via Zoom video platform can post their questions 
on the chat box and we will ask on your behalf.  Participants joining via teleconference, 
please press *1 to ask your question. Our first caller has joined via zoom, Mr. Abneesh 
Roy (Nuvama).  
Abneesh Roy: Yeah Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the capacity 
and the demand in paints. So if I see in Q2, You had sharply increased the capacity 
guidance and now in Q3 further 4 lakh have been added.  Being industry leader, I'm 
sure you will be tracking the capacity addition announcement by non-paint players, 
number 2, number 3 paint players also.  So one question I had was over the next three 
four years with your capacity and so much capacity in the market, How do you see 
overall market share, overall pricing discipline etc. Because of that, because 
everything seems to be happening at the same time.  What would your view be on 
that?  
Amit Syngle: So first of all, as we see it, you know, our capex announcement is not 
equivalent to sales. I have been maintaining that for a very strong point of point of 
time. And we see that today when we are looking at an increase in capacity, it is to do 
with the way we have been growing in the last 10-15 years at a certain CAGR in terms 
of overall volume. And if we look at the last two years, we have added almost about 
Rs. 9000 Crores overall in just about two years to that extent. So, our capacity 
expansions in terms of what we are looking is in line with what we have seen as our 

 
23 | P a g e 
 
growth patterns and also what we are putting our strategic direction in terms of 
growing and expanding our footprint with respect to the emerging Indian market, 
which we see a lot of potential in terms of going. Today, what I see very clearly is that 
the market is about Rs. 70,000 Crores to that extent. So we have all the newer players 
who are coming and they want to kind of do business, maximum I see in another three 
years’ time, they can do a maximum sale of about Rs. 1000 Crores to Rs. 1500 Crores 
which actually would be miniscule percentage of the total capacity they are talking of 
in terms of putting. So I can say that for Asian paints that it is a very clear calculated 
move in terms of what we are making because today we are operating at about 70-
75% of our capacity and going forward, we are very clear that we would be able to 
kind of utilize all these capacities and we are keeping pace with our growth plans to 
that extent and with respect to how others are kind of putting their capacity, I think it 
is their only calculation which is there.  We do not know in terms of how they justify 
the capacity additions which they will do over a period of time because we don't see 
that they will be able to realize the capacities to that extent in terms of the way they 
are putting the capacities.  
Abneesh Roy: Sure Amit, Thanks, one follow up on the demand bit. In Q3, the 
demand has been volatile. So, when I see the November remarks and December 
remarks, I wanted to understand the difference there.  Is it because of the base because 
in December you have said double-digit growth, November you have set a recovery. 
So is it just because of base because what is the reason for difference in the 
commentary and in Q4, would you say that the double-digit sales growth which 
happened in December, could you be confident of a double-digit growth for the full 
quarter in Q4.  
Amit Syngle: So, I think we are very clear that the commentary which is there for the 
quarter is that I spoke of two very heavy price increases which we took last year of 
almost 10 and 5% which has kind of increased the stock into the market and therefore 
the inventory has kind of had gone up in the in the network in a very strong manner. 
So that was clearly one of the reasons which we saw that we saw very, very strong 
numbers which were there in October and November which came in because of these 

 
24 | P a g e 
 
two price increases to that extent. The second reason is that the extended monsoons 
which went on till almost about 15th October, really kind of effected the shorter Diwali 
which we had to that extent and therefore that was a double impact on the October 
volumes in terms of what it took this year to that extent and therefore I think the 
October is totally understandable in the way it was. And what we clearly saw that 
there was some impact of the price increase based in November as well. But definitely 
there was a recovery which happened and I think December we were back to normal 
in terms of what we could see with respect to the overall market conditions and how 
we see the secondaries moving in the market. Therefore, what we see is that we are 
fairly optimistic about the Q4 in terms of going forward. Obviously, the cold wave has 
been very, very strong in the northern markets in terms of some extent, which also 
effects the exterior painting at this point of time. But I think, we are confident that 
overall that the Q4 volumes should be optimistic in terms of going forward.  
Abneesh Roy: Sure, and my second and last question is on the Bath and the Kitchen. 
So those are a bit more discretionary versus paints and when I see the urban demand 
in terms of new drivers clearly, we are seeing job losses in the start-ups,  tech job 
addition has been anti multi quarter low. But then I also see that there is a inflation 
cooling off and the salary hikes also seem to be quite optimistic. So, if I mix all this, 
how do you see your Bath and Kitchen growth in the coming quarters?  
Amit Syngle: So, in fact, I would qualify that question from the point of view of our 
home decor completely because now it is not the question of only Bath and Kitchen. 
It's a question of kitchen, furnishing, lighting everything in terms of what we sell. So, 
as we kind of look at the Q4 yes, these are categories which are slightly more 
discretionary, but we feel that this should be also in line with the overall economy in 
terms of the way we go off.  The construction is going on at a good rate and there is 
good real estate equity in the market in terms of people are purchasing new homes 
and second homes despite the interest rates going up. So I think it is all dependent on 
this whole area of housing index, new construction, new houses coming up to that 
extent, but I think we are still optimistic that the overall home decor should kind of 
continue to do well as we kind of look at Q4 as well.  

 
25 | P a g e 
 
Abneesh Roy: So, thanks. That's all for my side, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much for your questions, Sir. I request all the participants 
to kindly limit your questions to only two due to time constraints. Moving ahead, our 
next caller has joined via Zoom video platform, Mr. Avi Mehta (Macquarie). 
Avi Mehta: Hi, sorry, am I audible? 
Amit Syngle:  Yes, you are. 
Avi Mehta: Hi Sir, I just wanted to kind of build it on your comment on the sequential 
EBITDA margin expansion in fourth quarter, given that third quarter was already at 
around 19-20%.  Should the current input environment in terms of costs and if I hear 
you your demand commentary was also fairly supportive, are we looking at 20% Plus 
EBITDA margin trajectory going forward? Is that a fair way to read your comments 
or am I wrong in that assessment?  
Amit Syngle: So, if you know, we have already kind of maintained that we would lie 
in this whole band of about 17-20% band in terms of what we have been speaking 
about. Obviously, when we look at, you know the PBDIT margins of the last quarter. 
It has improved by almost about 4.8% as far as the standalone business is concerned, 
and what we see is the realization in terms of the deflation has not been fully there to 
that extent. However, what we will see is that I think, we see that there could be 
marginal increase in terms of the overall margins, which we'll see in Q4. But definitely 
we are seeing some more deflation to come and full realization of the Q3 deflation to 
that extent. So therefore, we definitely see the margins to kind of go up.  
Avi Mehta: And Sir, would it be fair that the mix also was inferior. The volume growth 
also was relatively weaker. So you also had, you know those headwinds in terms of 
margins and all that together still, you know, while steady state might be that range, 
it could be slightly ahead or more ahead of that. That's why I was coming. That's where 
I was coming with  
Amit Syngle: Yeah, it would definitely be there because the product mix given the 
fact that last year in the same quarter, the high value products had a higher price 
increase and therefore the inventory of those products was higher. So as we kind of 

 
26 | P a g e 
 
go see that the mix would definitely kind of improve is what we are confident of and 
obviously as the volume growths improve, the value growths also will improve with 
a better mix to that extent. So that will also definitely positively impact the margins. 
Avi Mehta: Perfect Sir, okay and the second bit I just wanted to just understand the 
demand comment a little better.  While you highlighted December had seen double 
digit value growth. I just want to understand what gives us confidence because there 
is also this comment that keeps kind of floating around that the stronger growths in 
the earlier periods was more an advancement of demand and hence we could 
probably move to a period of slow volume growth. I would love to hear your thoughts 
on why you believe that may not be the case.  
Amit Syngle: So, what I see is that, you know, going forward, obviously a lot depends 
in terms of how the economy behaves and how the overall GDP comes up. We feel 
that, you know, there is definitely you know, a little bit of a bettering down not very 
high volatile volume grows to that extent. So, I think the volume growth would 
continue possibly, the level of volume growth which we have seen in the past would 
definitely come down to that extent because today the markets are kind of now 
coming to a certain maturity.  They have seen two years of good growth overall to that 
extent the bases which we all are sitting are at a certain level. So we might not see very 
explosive volume growths to that extent, but definitely I think we would see good 
volume growths going forward to that extent because of the overall economy what 
has been predicted at being a decent level as we kind of go forward. So from that point 
of view, I think the December double digit was a good indication. But as I said then 
double digit there is always an 11% and there is always a 20% as well. So I think the 
double digits also vary from that point of view to that extent. And therefore what we 
are saying is that we are optimistic, but obviously I think the overall kind of story on 
volume growths might not be the same as what we have seen in the last two years.  
Avi Mehta: Sir, but good would mean still a double digit? Would that be a fair 
comment? I think it can be 11 or 20, but still that would be a reasonable range  
Amit Syngle: Yes. 

 
27 | P a g e 
 
Avi Mehta: Or are we seeing could might be a single digit, that’s why I just wanted to 
clarify that point.  
Amit Syngle: No, I will leave that interpretation to you. But for us, I think good can 
really be definitely in the double digit growths. 
Avi Mehta: Perfect sir.  That's all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. So our next caller has joined us via Zoom video 
platform. Mr. Jaykumar Doshi (Kotak Securities). 
Jaykumar Doshi: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. You mentioned that, you know, full 
impact of 3Q deflation was not reflected in gross margin. And over and above that 
there is further reduction in RM prices in 4Q. So is it possible to quantify what is the 
extent of gross margin improvement? Should we expect further from 39% all levels 
for India business if RM prices stabilize at current levels? And at what point of time 
would you consider passing on some benefit to customers in the form of end product 
price reductions and what gross margins would you consider there? 
Amit Syngle: So what we see is that see we are still assessing that for Q4 what would 
be the exact kind of deflation which we would see.  As I said that part utilization of 
the deflation has happened in the Q3, which is there. Now I think it totally depends 
in terms of how Q4 augurs from the point of view of total RM softening in terms of 
what we see and I think any decision with respect to price corrections or otherwise we 
will take only when we are kind of very clear that there are certain kinds of cost 
reductions which are happening from the point of view of Q4 and they are there to 
stay in the market because we should not forget that the there is still which is a war 
which is going on to that extent, there is still some volatility, which we see in terms of 
the variation from up and down in terms of the prices which are happening to that 
extent. So we will take a call depending on how Q4 finally augurs with respect to the 
deflation.  As far as gross margins are concerned, I think too from existing level of 
about 39 in terms of 38.6 where we are to that extent, there would be definitely 
marginal improvement which we'll definitely see as a result of what we have seen 
from the Q3 kind of deflation which overall has come about. 

 
28 | P a g e 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: Just a follow up there, are you still maintaining your band of 39 to 
40% as the range you want to be in or is there a possibility of it moving up? 
Amit Syngle: So see, it totally depends in terms of the softening of the prices and 
where they are and when do we kind of if they go up but yes, we would like to 
maintain overall, the overall band in terms of about that 38 to 40% in terms of what 
we would like to keep ideally. 
Jaykumar Doshi: Perfect, and capacity expansion increase from 17.5 lakhs to 26 point 
something, so it's roughly about 50% increase. So is this like for like, I know you have 
some third party contract manufacturing also. Is the mix going to change? This is more 
of like for like a 50% increase.  
Amit Syngle: No, this is our in house capacity in terms of what we are talking of 
increasing and there we have a mix of increases in capacity which is happening in 
water-based in terms of solvent-based in terms of some of the wood finishes 
categories, and even in terms of the waterproofing areas.  So it kind of really spans 
across the various kind of overall product range in terms of what we have.  As far as 
the you know the outsourced manufacturing is concerned, that is something which is 
in line it is almost equal to about almost about 15 lakh to 16 lakh KL in terms of 
capacity, which we have to that extent, which possibly is not going up at a very very 
high pitch as compared to what we are doing at in terms of the in-house kind of 
investments.  
Jaykumar Doshi: But outsourced is usually different products. set of products right.. 
Amit Syngle: So yeah, so that is what I'm saying the outside processing largely would 
be for some of our powder products and some of the other primer products in terms 
of what we have to that extent even some range of stiff paints which we have to that 
extent, but there is some duplication, which happens in terms of the outside and the 
inside capacity as well. Depending on how the overall kind of logistics fare out in 
terms of various regions to that extent. So, as I said that the larger increase in capacities 
is in overall our water-based our overall solvent-based products and in terms of some 
wood finishes and waterproofing categories.  

 
29 | P a g e 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you sir, our next caller is Mr. Shirish Pardeshi (Centrum), joined us 
via Zoom video platform. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Hi Good Evening, Amit and team.  Thanks for the opportunity.  
Two questions.. so you started with the remark that this quarter was rough. And you 
did explain that the rains were prolonged. But however, December you also 
mentioned you were very positive. So just wanted to understand in the beginning of 
rains or October, was the system inventory was cut because maybe the trade was 
expecting some some amount of price cuts and maybe if you can say what is the 
inventory level today happening at the trade level. 
Amit Syngle:  So as I said that, see when you announce a 10% increase you know the 
inventory levels across the entire trade will definitely go up, because in our paint 
industry 10% is too huge kind of you know pricing price increases will happen.  If any 
retailer doesn't pick up any material in this kind of increase then the retailer cannot 
function in the market to that extent. So there was an all-round inventory increase 
across the set of retailers, whether it is small towns, mid towns, or it is the T1, T2 or 
the metro cities to that extent and therefore, the inventory definitely went up in the 
month of October and again in the month of November to that extent and therefore, if 
you sequentially look at it, Q4 was a little bit weaker as compared to the Q3 of last 
year to that extent. So I think very clearly what we saw was that this inventory impact 
coupled by the monsoon impact of October, which I spoke of, really did depress 
October in terms of the way we it kind of came up. There was definitely a recovery in 
November, which we saw, but it was not a full recovery because we had another price 
increase on first of December, which kind of really kept the inventory levels inflated 
to some extent. And it was only in December that those inventories started liquidating 
and compared to last quarter this year, we definitely see that the level of inventory in 
the network would be limited and not to the extent in terms of the way it was in Q3 
of last year. 

 
30 | P a g e 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: Just one follow up here, I do understand for many years, we ran the 
annual incentive for the trade partners. Now was it that also was not a driver, or the 
quantum of incentive was not lucrative for the trade to pick up the inventory. 
Amit Syngle: The quantum of incentive can never match the 15% kind of a price 
increase. So it can never match the price increases. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay. Second question on the overall capacity expansion. You did 
mention that the capacity is growing, but can you give us some timelines over the next 
8 to 10 months or maybe 12 months, what is the water base capacity which is going to 
come in the system? 
Amit Syngle: So as I said that currently from 17, we are going to about 22.7 lakh KL 
which is there. So, you see almost five lakh KL jump which is happening and this five 
lakh KL jump would happen possibly in the next about two years to two and a half 
years in terms of what will come out and then we will start basically actioning the four 
lakh capacity in terms of what we have spoken of. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay, thank you Amit and all the best to you and the team.  
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you sir, our next caller has joined us via Zoom video platform, Mr. 
Manoj Menon (ICICI Sec). 
Manoj Menon: Hi team, this is Manoj from ICICI securities Normally, I wouldn't 
focus too much on the short term but this time given there are just too many moving 
parts and one off.  Just forced to ask a few follow up again on the December quarter. 
To start with, you know, given the flattish rupees Crores revenue, largely speaking in 
standalone, does it kind of imply that paints would have declined significantly given 
the assumption that the rest of the business would have grown pretty well? 
Amit Syngle: No, I think nothing like that.  Overall because the larger contribution is 
from the paints only to that extent. So, overall if you look at from an organization 
perspective, the other businesses are fairly small from the point of view of the coatings 
business. So, the larger impact has come in from largely the decorative business of 

 
31 | P a g e 
 
paints specifically, as I said, the industrial businesses, both Auto and the General 
Industrial business and coatings have done well. So the larger kind of impact is from 
the point of view of the Deco business. 
Manoj Menon: Amit my question is, thanks for this was essentially, example do we 
include adhesives in the definition of decoratives. I am not sure whether I should add 
up both, whether adhesives should be clubbed with paints, we are trying to analyse. 
Just unsure. 
Parag Rane :  In the standalone revenue number, both paints and adhesives is 
definitely a part of it but the volume numbers are standalone paints, So to that extent, 
the volume is only for paints 
Amit Syngle: And see in terms of the other businesses like even adhesives and all as 
compared to the overall larger categories, it will still be the larger categories which 
dominate the overall this thing.  So it is reflective of the overall larger interior, 
exteriors, wood finishes and the waterproofing business which we have.  
Manoj Menon: Fair Point and Secondly, it also is looking through the last year concall 
transcripts exactly the same time 12 months back, you know, what we find is, there 
are questions about inventory, etc. last year and the comment was, it is not a material 
one, that's one, second, you know, given the as a recall you know, the October, let's 
say the price, and the price increases in November, which was one of the highest, etc. 
Essentially, meant that that December would have been a low base month for you, 
right? I mean, so what I'm trying to understand is the recovery this December, is it an 
optical one or is it something underlying here? 
Amit Syngle: No. So what as I said is that the recovery in December we see measure 
in terms of more from the point of view of the secondaries, which we see in the market, 
to that extent, because it's not that the inventory in the market will become zero, there 
will be some inventory which will still remain in the system to that extent, and what 
we would kind of say is that the double digit recovery in terms of what we are seeing 
is definitely with respect to the secondaries, which have been moving the market and 
we have seen that the secondaries have moved both in the T1, T2 and T3, T4 cities to 

 
32 | P a g e 
 
that extent. So actually the double digit is coming, more from the point of view of 
watching what the extent the secondaries have kind of come in, and there is no 
possibly inventory pile up, which is kind of happening in the month of December, 
which is giving the double digit to the extent.  But to the fact that last year, December 
would have been slightly lesser because of the increased pileup of inventory of 
October and November. That comment would be right  
Manoj Menon: Fair point, Amit thanks for that. Secondly, just on the ESOP plan, 
which was announced some time back, you know, it's one of the first let's say you're 
done in a long time. Just could you comment about the people policy attrition 
particularly in the middle and above, and some more colour on the ESOP etc and, and 
more importantly, an analysis on let's say, What made the management decide to do 
this at a particular point in time and how do you see this panning out? 
Amit Syngle: So, the ESOP policy was announced in June of 2020, in terms of when 
we had kind of really announced the whole area. So it was done almost about three 
years back in terms of what we see. One of the areas which we kind of looked at was 
that ESOP was now becoming a norm in all, you know, world multinational FMCG 
companies to that extent, and when we peg ourselves, we compare ourselves to the 
best in the world in terms of looking at the kind of people we get from premium 
campuses, all across India, and even at the lateral level in terms of whatever we take. 
So I think the whole concept of looking at ESOPs came in from the point of view of 
saying that this would be a strong area in terms of looking at one, propelling the 
overall growth in terms of linking it to the actual kind of business growths and 
therefore the return to the stakeholders, which kind of really happens. And the second 
area obviously, we looked at, was saying that as we kind of go ahead, the human 
capital is very, very important and the way we have ambitions in terms of going 
forward, we needed to kind of also see that we could kind of look at a dual area of 
both, you know, incentivization and retention of people in the organization to that 
extent. So I think that was the basis in terms of what we looked at the ESOP strategy 
and what we have seen in the last three years, actually, that overall, you know, the 
attrition rates today to that extent, are basically in a certain band in terms of what we 

 
33 | P a g e 
 
see overall.  The rates have not kind of gone up.  In specific cadres it might have kind 
of increased a little bit here and there to that extent, but as far as the top and middle 
management is concerned, that is something which is basically in line with the last 
about seven, eight years in terms of what we have seen as the overall attrition. 
Moderator: Thank you sir, our next caller is Mr. Tejash Shah (Avendus Spark) joined 
us via Zoom video platform. 
Tejash Shah: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, we have been growing aggressively 
in Projects business for a while. So just wanted to know what will be our current 
contribution from this vertical and is there any number that you would like to saturate 
this business and how different is the margin and working capital profile of this 
vertical versus our core B2C paint business. 
Amit Syngle: So overall, from the profile, we really see that this business is pegged at 
about anywhere close to about 15-20% of the total business in terms of what we see.  
It varies depending on how the overall retail and the project growth rate really pan 
out to that extent, but it kind of is in that kind of a band in terms of what we see. 
Overall, the growths in this business have been stronger in terms of what we see from 
a point of view of overall businesses which we have been able to see whether it is a 
builder segment, the government segment, the cooperative housing sector or the 
factory segment  to that extent, and there is something which is a very strong focus in 
terms of what we have maintained.  As far as overall working capital is concerned, we 
really worked through our retailers here and there is not a direct kind of intervention 
in terms of what we make to that extent. So therefore, the working capital 
requirements are literally similar as compared to the retailing environment.  As far as 
overall returns are concerned from the business. Yes, definitely. This business is far 
more competitive to that extent, and it is definitely something which is slightly lower 
than the retail business in terms of what we make. 
Tejash Shah: Sir second and last question. For many years, infact decades, this sector 
has enjoyed a form of oligopoly. And this question was perhaps not relevant because 
everybody was growing together. But now we have attracted competition from 
various quarters not even from our industry, but from outside also. So do you believe 

 
34 | P a g e 
 
that the case for consolidation is very strong now than ever? And if you believe in that, 
would Asian Paints be willing to participate? In this? Or would you prefer to go 
organically and then face competition on your own? 
Amit Syngle: You're talking about the paints category. I missed the first part of your 
question.  
Tejash Shah: Yeah sir, yeah sir paints category. 
Amit Syngle: Okay. So as I see it, I think, given the strengths which we have, from the 
point of view of our R&D, the strengths which we have in IT, the world class supply 
engine which we have and the areas of marketing and branding excellence in terms of 
what we pursue, I think we have been very strong in terms of looking at pursuing the 
kind of, you know, growths and the returns which we have seen.  We have almost 
have a CAGR of about 12 to 14% in terms of what we have had for the last about 10 to 
12 years and it has been a very strong growth rate in terms of we have been able to 
see.  As a leader we have also been growing the market to that extent, and we don't 
look at competition only from the point of view of acquisition of sales from any other 
player to that extent. So we were the first pioneers in the exterior market to kind of 
grow up the market from cement paints to that extent.  We have kind of transformed 
the French Polish market in terms of entire wood finishes market.  We have looked at 
the bottom of the pyramid to explode the entire distemper market into economy 
emulsion sales market. So what we see is that we have been taking strategic shifts in 
terms of increasing the per capita consumption of paint and therefore, we have been 
channelizing the growth strategy of paint sector in a certain manner to that extent.  As 
we believe we will continue to do that we don't really look at from the point of view 
of saying that any acquisition of competition is kind of giving us any benefits from the 
point of view of our strategy to that extent, but having said that, if there is a 
preposition which is really cutting edge, if it is there is something which comes up, 
which kind of adds to the organization from the point of view of either technology or 
from any other strength area, we are open to that in terms of looking at in terms of 
any anything which comes from a consolidation point of view to that extent; but I 
believe that we have a very strong story of our own, which is very clearly growth rate 

 
35 | P a g e 
 
and it has led from a profitable growth perspective. Also, I think, I like to factually 
correct you that it is not that the competition is coming now.  The competition has 
been coming for the last two decades. We had Sherwin Williams, which came in some 
time back, tried persisting for a certain point of time. We have had entries of Nippon, 
Jotun, lot many other players in the market.  We have loads of other players which are 
relatively at a small level.  There is already a Kamdhenu and there are other players 
to that extent. So I think the market is an Indigo, which has come up seven years, eight 
years back. So I think the market always has seen a lot of players coming into this 
market to that extent. So therefore, we see that this is a continuous process and I think 
we anticipate even more players coming as we can go ahead.   
Moderator: Thank you Sir.  Our last caller of the day is Mr. Mihir Shah (Nomura), 
joining us via zoom with your platform. 
Mihir Shah: Thank you for taking my question. This is Mihir Shah from Nomura. So 
I just wanted to get your understanding on the demand environment in the near to 
medium term and how you see it because you know when we see your 3Q numbers 
and other discretionary category numbers, it is indicating a slowdown. Can we say 
that Asian Paints 3Q numbers, you know there was one off in the numbers and 
volume, you know, like you highlighted for the December month can continue to 
deliver double digit growth over the next couple of quarters. Is there any trend that 
you're seeing in rural, of course, you highlighted that the spot there was no trend but 
any trend that you've seen that in rural or urban demand. Is there slowdown gripping 
on or are there any green shoots of improvement, any kind of indication or you know 
even from the unorganized - are you seeing any competitive intensity increasing any 
of these, You know from the demand front if you can touch upon that would be very 
helpful sir. Thank you sir. 
Amit Syngle: So I've already touched on this question and as I see it that overall, I 
think we remain pretty optimistic about the coming quarter to that extent in terms of 
the overall sales. Yes, there has been a little bit of a slowdown and I mentioned that 
possibly the kind of growths which we have seen in the last two years might start 
coming down to that extent, but we still see, you know healthy growths which are 

 
36 | P a g e 
 
going to happen in the market as far as the paints category is concerned going 
forward; and therefore as I said that, possibly I don't see any difference with respect 
to T1, T2 cities or T3, T4 cities. In fact, our anticipation is that some of the T3 T4 cities 
will start coming up as we reach the middle of the Q4 and Q1 of next year to that 
extent. So overall, I think we are still kind of very positive about Q4 in terms of looking 
at how the growths are because I think the last 12 quarters, or last 11 quarters indicate 
the growth trajectory in terms of what we have been able to deliver and therefore we 
will see that this quarter definitely was affected given the high bases and the price 
increases in terms of what we have taken in the past; but we remain positive as far as 
Q4 is concerned. 
Mihir Shah:  Good to hear that, sir. Thank you. That's very helpful. So my last 
question is actually a bit a little bit of a bookkeeping. I just wanted to understand the 
mixed impact. When you triangulate the value growth and volume growth. You know 
and we factor in the earlier taken price increases. You know, we're still seeing, you 
know, price increase would have been in a mid teen range for the 3Q. Of course, it'll 
slow down further in the 4Q. But the mix impact for the 3Q seems to be quite large, 
similar to what we've seen in the 2Q, somewhere about you know, 12 to 14% range. 
Sir, can this quantum continue, or will it reduce to the, you know, negative 5% levels 
that we are used to seeing in the earlier years you know, so that's all from my side. 
Thank you. 
Amit Syngle: So, what we see going forward, that the mix will definitely improve. We 
are kind of predicting that for the Q4 overall the mix as compared to Q3, we have 
delivered would definitely improve and therefore what we definitely see is that going 
forward, we will have possibly, you know, a larger focus with respect to the kind of 
growths which come in from, you know, the high end, premium luxury products in 
terms of going forward, which will definitely kind of look at in terms of taking the 
overall volume and value gaps to a certain level in terms of what we have seen in good 
in some of the times earlier to that extent. So therefore, going forward, we will always 
see possibly, you know, a gap of about, you know, the 4 to 6% kind of gaps which we 
see between them the volume and the value as we kind of go forward. 

 
37 | P a g e 
 
Mihir Shah: Fantastic. That's very heartening to hear. And I completely understand 
the point that you mentioned on the gross margin improvement, so nothing further to 
add.  Just if you can throw one more small little bit of all the other expenses, you know, 
we've seen some moderation, can this be attributed to lower ad spends? And given 
that there's a large capex announcement? When will these costs you know start 
coming in and to what level would they kind of increase the other expense line item? 
That's all from my side? Thank you. 
Amit Syngle: So overall, we don't see any aberration with respect to the overall 
overheads. The overheads would partially be as a percentage be higher because of the 
lower volumes to that extent, but overall, from a point of view of whether going 
forward that it can affect our advertising or marketing expenses or in terms of 
employee spends or in terms of general overheads, we don't see that there would be 
any larger curbs or anything which we would kind of place to that extent.  The capex 
funding is very clear that it is coming from a certain section of our reserves which are 
there to that extent, so I don't see any implications with respect to going forward in 
terms of a larger containment of any of the overhead spends as we kind of go forward. 
Mihir Shah: Thank you, sir, wishing you all the very best.  
Amit Syngle: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you sir and thank you everyone for your questions and for joining 
us. I now request Mr. Amit Syngle to give us the closing remarks. 
Amit Syngle: So thank you, everyone, for joining us for this investor conference. And 
it was great kind of hearing all your queries and we hope that as we kind of go 
forward, we look at more buoyant times in future. Thank you. 
 
### 
