 
 
 
Ref. No.: UTI/AMC/CS/SE/2023-24/0308 
Date: 4th May, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code / Symbol: 543238 / UTIAMC 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on financial performance for the quarter 
and financial year ended 31st March, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations), we are forwarding 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call held on Thursday, the 27th April, 2023 on 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call is also available on the website of the 
Company at www.utimf.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on 
your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Arvind 
Bhagwan 
Das Patkar
Digitally signed by 
Arvind Bhagwan 
Das Patkar 
Date: 2023.05.04 
17:43:10 +05'30'

 
1 
 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the UTI Asset 
Management Company Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Conference Call. From 
the management we have with us Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman (CEO & 
Managing Director); Mr. Surojit Saha (Chief Financial Officer); Mr. Vinay 
Lakhotia (Head – Operations) & Mr. Sandeep Samsi (Head – Investor 
Relations and Corporate Communications). We also have with us our 
investor relations team from Adfactors joining us on this call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will be 
able to ask questions after the opening remarks conclude. If you need 
assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some 
of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Please note the 
disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties are on the 
Disclaimer slide of the investor presentation that has been shared 
earlier. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman 
for opening remarks, thank you and over to you, Sir. 
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us 
today to discuss our operational and financial performance. Though the 
year witnessed some turbulence globally, the major economies world 
over, are taking measures to tackle the inflation in the best possible 
manner. It is also encouraging that these economies are taking all 

 
2 
 
possible measures to effectively manage the rising interest rate scenario 
and the challenges being faced by the financial sector.  
 
The Indian economy too remains robust, receiving recognition globally 
for our economic resilience and growth prospects. Our mutual fund 
industry also has demonstrated resilience and steadfast growth.  
Various factors like rising household savings, the broader geographical 
reach of financial products in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities and the growing 
share of Mutual Funds in financial savings are positive factors that will 
help drive the development of the sector in a significant manner over 
the next decade.   
 
The year was characterized by volatility in terms of inflows and outflows 
from Mutual Fund schemes. However, the flows into equity funds have 
been positive and so has been the SIP flow. The SIP contribution in 
March 2023 was Rs. 14,276 crore. The positive inflows into the Equity 
funds are testimony to retail investors’ confidence in the Indian equity 
markets and these investments are supporting the benchmark indices 
amidst investor sentiments. 
The total Assets under Management for UTI Group registered a growth 
of about 15.4% over the corresponding quarter of the previous year and 
stood at Rs. 15.56 lakh crore as on 31st March 2023. This is the figure 
for entire UTI Group. 
 
Friends, at UTI, we are focusing on the following five key objectives: 
 
1. To be among the Best Board Governed Companies 
Governance is one of the most important pillars on which UTI 
stands. 6 out of 10 Directors on the UTI AMC Board are Independent 

 
3 
 
Directors. UTI AMC Board along with the Boards of all our 
subsidiaries have women representation. 
 
2. Building an A-class Human Capital 
Realizing the importance of Human Capital in an investment 
organization like ours, we have been investing in acquiring, building 
and retaining talent with focus on gender diversity. Accordingly 32% 
of the hires in the last 4 years were women and currently ~27% 
workforce is made up of women employees. We have initiated 
measures for Creche facility for our employees.  
We have made significant investments to create state-of-art 
infrastructure for our investment team. We are also building the 
capabilities of our team. We have created customized training & 
development programs for employees at different levels.   
 
3. Digital first organization 
During the year, we saw very good response from Investors and 
Distributors in respect of our digital sales & digital engagements. Our 
Digital campaigns have resulted in influencing sales across all touch 
points of UTI AMC.  We are in the final stages of re-launching 
superior Digital Assets (Website & Mobile App) for our partners and 
Investors. 
 
4. Geographical expansion & financial awareness program 
We are planning to open 29 new offices during the financial year 
2023-24 to reach newer markets across the country. Our Investment 
Team has been travelling to various locations all over India to spread 
awareness about our investment philosophy and processes. 
Considering the potential of the B30 cities, we already have 108 out 
of 166 UFCs in these locations. 

 
4 
 
 
5. Deeply embedded ESG-compliant framework: 
We have formed an ESG Committee of the Board which provides 
guidance and oversight.  We have in place a robust ESG framework 
covering all relevant aspects for planning and effective 
implementation. Friends, we are using 100% renewable energy for 
our corporate office and have received a Green Energy certificate. 
During this month, we also published our first sustainability report. 
Under our Social initiatives, our CSR projects supplement our 
commitment to ESG for social upliftment and conservation of the 
environment. 
 
Our subsidiaries for retirement business, alternate investment products 
and offshore funds are growing with expansion in operations & 
business.  
 
I would like to share some highlights about our group companies. 
 
UTI International which is a 100% subsidiary of UTI AMC, has formed a 
new subsidiary in the United States named UTI Investments America to 
capture the opportunities in North American markets. 
 
At UTI Capital, we are building a strong team for opportunities in the 
Alternatives business space. We are also planning a series of fund 
launches such as the Real Estate Opportunities Fund, and others in the 
alternate segment and are filing necessary documents with the 
regulators. While the company is fully capitalized, we have recorded a 
net loss of Rs. 3.3 crore due to various investments being made to build 
the business. 
 

 
5 
 
UTI RSL. The Retirement business in the country is a very big opportunity 
and we have plans to expand our team and open new points of presence 
across the country. The business has been growing rapidly and we aim 
to capitalize further on the same and enhance NPS business. 
 
To summarize, we initiated several progressive measures like building 
resources in sales & investment, enhancing engagement of fund 
managers with our distributors and partners, conducting investor 
awareness programmes, launching learning & development initiatives 
for employees, enhancing focus on KYC compliances, upgrading the 
infrastructure of the company as well as its subsidiaries.  As, One of the 
positive developments, UTI was appointed as one of the asset managers 
for EPFO’s investment in ETFs for a period of 3 years and Central Public 
Sector Enterprises have also enabled a policy to continue their 
investments in all Mutual Funds including UTI. 
 
In the financial year 2023 -24, the participation by retail investors in the 
Indian growth story is likely to be the key factor for the Indian markets 
in FY24. For this call, I have my distinguished colleagues Mr. Surojit Saha, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vinay Lakhotia, Head – Operations and Mr. 
Sandeep Samsi, Head - Investor Relations and Marketing. 
 
I will now hand it over to Mr. Sandeep Samsi, who will give the details of 
UTI MF’s performance. Over to you Sandeep and thank you. 
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
Thank you, Sir. I will first take you through UTI Mutual Fund’s 
performance during the fourth quarter and for the full year FY 23.  
 
UTI MF PERFORMANCE 

 
6 
 
•   The total Assets under Management for UTI Group registered a 
growth of about 15.4% over the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year and stood at Rs. 15.56 lakh crore as on 31st March 
2023. 
• For UTI Mutual Fund, the quarterly average AUM as 31st March 
2023 stood at Rs. 2,38,791 crore, up 6.7% year on year against the 
industry growth of 5.6%. 
• As on 31 March 2023, our market share has increased to 5.89% for 
the quarter ended.  
• The QAAUM for Index & ETFs recorded a Year-on-Year growth of 
~33% to Rs. 82,871 crore for the fourth quarter. Our Equity QAAUM 
for the quarter ended March 2023 stood at Rs. 70,494 crore, rising 
by ~2% as compared to the quarter ended March 2022.  
• UTI was able to capture market share of 8.5% of the gross sales of 
the industry during fourth quarter. 
• UTI Mutual Fund recorded a net sales of Rs. 1,208 crore for FY23.   
• ETFs & Index Funds net inflows stood at Rs. 1,100 crore. Hybrid 
funds witnessed an outflow of Rs. 719 crore for the quarter. 
• During the quarter under review, UTI added 36,000 folios taking up 
the number of live folios to 1.22 crore as on 31st March 2023 from 
1.19 crore as on 31st March 2022.  
• Our SIP AUM witnessed a growth of 17.5% over the corresponding 
quarter of last year, reaching to Rs. 21,509 crore as of March 2023 
from Rs. 18,311 crore as of March 2022. 
• During the quarter, our number of new SIP accounts rose by 2.14 
lakh taking the total numbers of live SIP folios to 25.2 lakh as of 31st 
March 2023. 
• The SIP inflows for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,667 crore, rising by 12% 
year-on-year with the average SIP ticket size being Rs. 3,262 for 
March 2023. 

 
7 
 
• 22% of our Monthly Average AUM for March 2023 came from B30 
cities while the industry average stood at 17% in terms of its B30 
MAAUM. 
• Weighted average AMC yield was at 35 bps for the quarter and was 
37 bps for FY 23.  
 
UTI AMC FINANCIALS 
• During the fourth quarter, the Company posted a consolidated net 
profit of Rs. 86 crore, recording a growth of 43% QoQ and YoY 
growth of 59%. 
• For the financial year 2023, the consolidated net profit stood at Rs. 
437 crore. 
• For UTI AMC Ltd (Standalone): 
o The PAT of UTI AMC Ltd in Q4 FY23 was Rs. 98 Crore 
reflecting a growth of 31% YoY & a decline of 10% on a QoQ 
basis. 
• For UTI Retirement Solutions Ltd: 
o UTI Retirement Solutions Ltd. has been managing the NPS 
corpus for the Government & non – Government sectors. 
o The AUM for UTI RSL has increased by ~19.2% to Rs. 2,40,709 
crore in Q4 FY23 and has a share of 26.78% of Industry AUM. 
o PAT of UTI RSL is at Rs. 46 crore, an increase of ~10% 
compared to the corresponding quarter of last year. 
• UTI International Ltd: 
o UTI International has an AUM of Rs. 21,703 crore as of 31st 
March 2023. 
o Our international clients are across more than thirty-five 
countries. These are primarily Institutions – Pensions, 
Insurance, Banks, and Asset Managers. 

 
8 
 
o One of our flagship funds, the India Dynamic Equity fund 
(IDEF) domiciled in Ireland, has an AUM of USD 852 million. 
o UTI International’s J Safra Sarasin Responsible India Fund, an 
ESG-compliant India fund, has an AUM of USD 75 million. 
o UTI India Innovation Fund, launched in the first quarter of 
the last financial year has an AUM of USD 19 million. 
o The Management fees of UTI International are at Rs. 129 
crore, an increase of 1.6% YoY from Rs. 127 Crore in Q4 FY22. 
 
• UTI Capital Pvt. Ltd.: 
o As Mr. Rahman highlighted, we are building this business. 
o UTI Capital has a total AUM of Rs. 1,707 crore, currently 
managing Active Debt Funds: 
 UTI Structured Debt Opportunities Fund (UTI SDOF) 
I, launched in August 2017 and closed in May 2019, 
having an AUM of Rs. 137 Crore. Currently, the fund 
is in exit mode. 
 UTI SDOF II launched in September 2020, having an 
AUM of Rs. 506 Crore, and the fund is currently in the 
investing stage. UTI SDOF II has a well-defined ESG 
Policy and strategy. 
 UTI Multi Opportunity Fund I launched in March 2022 
which has an AUM of Rs. 763 crore. Currently, the 
Fund is in the Investing stage. 
 UTI SDOF III launched in September 2022, has an 
AUM of Rs. 300 Crore, the fund is currently in the 
fund-raising as well as Investing stage 
• Employee Cost of the Group 
 Employee Cost of the group for FY 22-23 was Rs. 415 crore 
witnessing an increase of 2% over FY 21-22. 

 
9 
 
 Employee Cost of the group in Q4 FY23 was Rs. 107 crore 
witnessing a decrease of 7% YoY as against the amount of Rs. 
115 crore in Q4 FY22. 
 
I would now request the Managing Director & CEO for his concluding 
remarks. 
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Thank you, Sandeep, for sharing operational financial highlights on this 
call for the fourth quarter and financial 2022-23. With this I would like 
to open the forum for your questions and thank you for joining this call 
today.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and 
answer session. We have the first question from line of Swarnabh 
Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  Three questions from my side. The first one is on the yield. So there has 
been a quarter-on-quarter drop in the yield. So just wanted to 
understand what would be the factors driving there. The second 
question is in terms of the other expenses. This had also seen some 
amount of increase. So if you could highlight the reasons behind that 
increase. And thirdly, in terms of international business, the AUM for 
the business is now around Rs. 21,000 crore. So it has seen some 
reduction. Is it the Markets or anything else to read into this if you would 
highlight that. 
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
Hi, this is Vinay here. So I'll take the questions on the yield and Surojit 
will take the questions on other expenses as well as the international 
piece. On the yield part, the marginal decline of the yield of around half 
a basis point is primarily because of the decline in the yield under the 

 
10 
 
equity category where the yield has actually fallen by close to around 2 
basis points during the last quarter. Two reasons for this - the fresh 
inflows are coming at a lower yield as compared to the stock AUM and 
plus there has been a redemption of the older AUM which has been 
carrying a slightly higher yield. So these are the two primary factors 
because of which the yield has actually come down marginally to around 
half a basis point as compared to the previous quarter.  
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  Sir, just to follow up, can you indicate what is the yield you are seeing 
on the stock AUM and the fresh AUM on the equity segment right now?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
On the stock AUM, the yield on the equity and the hybrid side, is around 
75 basis points. I can't give an indicative number on the fresh AUM 
because the distribution mix between the distributor and the AMC 
varies depending on the categories of the IFA and the distributor. But 
normally the distribution is within the range of around 50% to 80% of 
the total expense ratios of the fund, so an indicative range won't be 
possible. 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  OK, got it, Sir.  
 
Surojit Saha:  
In respect of the other expenses, the increase is around Rs. 16 crore 
from Rs. 56 crore in Q3 to Rs. 72 crore in Q4, which includes expenses 
like an amount of Rs. 4 crore towards CSR. CSR amount has to be booked 
on actual outflow and it is not based on the accrual basis. The actual 
payment was in the last quarter. Though there was a commitment 
towards CSR in Q3 FY23, there was no actual payment since the amount 
was not requested by the concerned institution to whom we had 
committed. The same has been accounted for in the last quarter and 
reflected in the increase in cost. After coming out of the COVID situation 

 
11 
 
last year, our business operations significantly increased with business 
travels, and visits of the fund managers to different centres for the 
purpose of creating sustained growth in business and creating 
awareness about our investment philosophy across the country. For the 
first time, we conducted a sales meeting in which the entire sales team 
across the country participated in the strategic sales discussion and this 
has reflected in the increase of cost of Rs. 3 crore which includes the 
travel as well as the related expenditure, we considered as an 
investment for the future. During the quarter we also spent Rs 2.5 crore 
for the digital initiative, security of the business application and disaster 
recovery systems across our applications. Further, the subscription fees 
for index funds have increased corresponding to the increase in AUM. 
The subscription fee is linked to the quarterly average AUM. UTI Nifty 
Bank ETF AUM increased significantly from Rs. 70 crore to Rs. 2,500 
crore over the year, the UTI NIFTY 50 Index Fund AUM increased from 
Rs. 6,300 crore to Rs. 10,000 crore and the UTI Nifty200 Momentum 30 
Index Fund went up from Rs. 1,100 crore to Rs. 2,200 crore. In view of 
this trend during the year there is an impact on Q4 also. In view of the 
linkage of the index fees to the AUM, the quantum of the fees paid 
during the quarter also increased by Rs. 1.5 crore. Further, there was an 
increase of Rs. 2 crore in the PFRDA fees paid by UTI RSL, which is in 
tandem with the increase in the management fees. UTI RSL has started 
business promotion expenses, increasing the NPS business by reaching 
out to the pan-India opportunity. And lastly towards the promotion of 
ESG in our company, we took membership of Sustainability Accounting 
and Standard Board (SASB), an internationally recognized organization. 
And we did the sustainability and value reporting, which has an 
expenses of Rs. 1 crore. These are the major expenses and out of this 
Rs. 15 crore around 50% will be one time expenditure and around Rs. 8 
crore will be a recurring expenditure. Lastly, Bloomberg expenses. 

 
12 
 
Because last year also we have added few terminals and we initiated 
Bloomberg terminals for all our investment fund managers. So there 
was an increase of Rs. 1.5 crore. 
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Also, the depreciation in the currency has also contributed to this.  
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  And just to follow up on these index-related charges, we are paying to 
NSE.  
 
Surojit Saha:  
NSE as well as BSE. Charges are paid to both.  
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  OK and how is it accounted for? Is it as the whole charge paid in Q4 every 
year? 
 
Surojit Saha:  
It is done every quarter. So this particular quarter it was around Rs. 1.5 
crore, which is an increase compared to last quarter. 
  
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  Ok. And in terms of the business, the PFRDA charges that the increase 
that you mentioned has come because our AUM has increased? 
 
Surojit Saha:  
Yes, AUM has increased. If you see over the full year, the AUM has 
increased by ~Rs. 40,000 crore. And 5 bps is accounted as sale of 
services and 1.5 bps are accounted as an expense. 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  Right. OK. So that incremental Rs. 40,000 crore part of that has come 
this year  
 
Surojit Saha:  
Yeah, lastly in respect of UTI International AUM, actually we have a few 
funds which are periodic funds like Phoenix Fund. Two Phoenix Funds 
have matured during this particular period. One is a Rs. 1500 crore fund, 

 
13 
 
which is a B19, then another Rs. 2900 crore and another one is around 
Rs. 1600 crore. So the total is around Rs. 6000 crore in this respect. India 
Dynamic Equity fund which is a leading fund for the international 
business also there was a repurchase - redemption pressure. So it's 
around Rs. 2000 crore and the fund is doing well. Globally the growth 
stocks have not been performing well, so we expect a turnaround. Mr. 
Rahman has already informed during his part, that we have opened 
offices in Paris and America to improve our international business. 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  In IDEF, the redemption is coming from us only because I remember that 
you mentioned last quarter you had redeemed.  
 
Surojit Saha:  
We have not yet redeemed our seed capital. This is one of the HNI 
investors at this market level who has invested when the scheme was 
launched, who redeemed his investments. We have not done it yet. We 
are waiting for the opportune moment, and we'll definitely try to reduce 
our exposure in this seed capital.  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  No, but redemption is very minimal, is more on the currency which is 
depreciated by 6%-7% and 17% is basically the performance issues. But 
the redemption is only to the extent of 5.5%-6%.  
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  OK, Sir. And out of this Rs. 20,000 crore, how much do we hold right 
now? Our investment.  
 
Surojit Saha:  
Rs. 7000 crore is the total IDEF size now, we should be around Rs. 350 
crore. 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee:  So you're initially Rs. 31 crore. And that has gone up to how much? That 
is what I wanted to know. 

 
14 
 
 
Surojit Saha:  
Initially we invested USD 25 million and we have already repurchased 
around INR seven crore. 
  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Viraj:  
I just had two questions. The first is on the book, so if I look at the equity 
and the hybrid book, can you just give some colour on what share of the 
book is now new flow, one which comes in a much higher sharing with 
the distributor? So can you just give some perspective? 
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
Less than 20% of the overall book is actually the old AUM and almost 
80% is the new AUM only. 
 
Viraj:  
OK, so basically then going into FY24, we should see the yield should be 
more or less stabilized for us. Because now the book is by and large new. 
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
Yeah. Unless there's a significant redemption on the older AUM, we 
should see some stabilization in the yield. But the overall yield will still 
have a drag-down effect because of the growth under the ETF and the 
index category.  
 
Viraj:  
OK. And second question is largely in terms of the competitive dynamics. 
So if I look at a year back, we had and not just us, but the industry had 
seen a very high competitive pressure and there was also a significant 
increase in sharing with the distributor. How is that, if you could just 
provide some perspective in terms of the competitive landscape and 
especially in the sense of pricing and sharing of TER with the distributor 

 
15 
 
in channel? So has that normalized or has that corrected or is it still 
elevated?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
I think it has more or less become a standardized distribution ratio only. 
As I stated earlier, most of the entries are sharing in ratios of around 50 
to 70. In some cases, it may be slightly higher. So depending on the 
distributor category, whether it's an individual IFA or the larger national 
distributor or a private or a foreign bank, the ratios are changing. I don't 
think the competition has anything to do with that. I think over the last 
two years also the pricing has become more or less standardized as far 
as sharing is concerned between the manufacturer as well as the 
distributors.  
 
Viraj:  
OK. And just one last question, if I can squeeze in on the expansion part? 
What I heard, correct me, you said that we'll be looking at adding 
another 29 branches. Now if you look at the spread of our current 
network itself. And based on the last few calls and what we understand, 
there's still a good amount of potential throughput which we can further 
leverage from existing branches itself. So compared to the potential the 
AUM per branch or the turnover at the branch level is still relatively 
lower than what the potential could be. So what is the thought process 
behind adding another 29 branches when we still have scope for 
increasing the throughput in the existing branch network? And in 
relation to the digital-physical mix expansion strategy we talked about 
over the last one or two years.  
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
So Viraj, good question. This is not an either-or strategy. This is an ‘and’ 
strategy. So while we look at different markets, we realize that there is 
enough amount of potential in the top 30 markets. We have also 
mentioned that we have work to do, and we are continuously working 

 
16 
 
with our partners in those markets. However, India or Bharat as it is 
called, is growing and we see a lot of potential in these smaller markets 
also. Now there is a huge amount of education which is coming into this 
market and there are people who are ready to work in this market. So 
that's why we want to open and tap these markets, which have got the 
potential for us to grow over the next maybe three to five years. They 
will not be immediately mature enough, but over the next three to five 
years they will give us good returns. The second part is yes, we are also 
focusing on the digital part, but India is still not completely digital. It's 
still a Phygital world where in India, people while they want to use digital 
mode, also look at physical mode. So you have to follow an and strategy. 
You have to focus on the top 30 cities. You have to look beyond 30 cities. 
You have to open in the Tier 3 Tier 4 cities. As well as we have to have a 
very clear digital strategy to be present whether it is on the website or 
the app or any other mode through partners.  
 
Viraj:  
So what kind of OpEx we will be looking to incur for these 29 and 
typically what is the gestation period in terms of the branch to start 
contributing in terms of profitability? 
 
Surojit Saha:  
Yeah, we are expecting it should break even in around 1.5 to 2 years. 
We have plans and based on the potential, what we already have, we 
are opening these branches. So our existing plan is to open these 29 
branches and it should break even in 1.5 to 2 years.  
 
Viraj:  
Investment, Sir.  
 
Surojit Saha:  
Investments for these 29 branches will be around Rs. 3.2 crore because 
we are expecting to open around 500 square feet to 600 square feet 

 
17 
 
area. The total restructuring is what we are doing in respect of our big 
offices which we have.  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Viraj, there are two distinct strategies which we are working on. We had 
a strategy meeting here in Jaipur and we are attending this call from 
Jaipur. One is the top eight cities. It is our key focused area and 2nd is 
the rationalization of our branch offices. Earlier we opened a lot of 
branch offices, bigger in size, which is no longer required. So we are 
going to rationalize all our branch offices in this financial year. We are 
also here to expand. The saving which will come out of that 
rationalization will be good enough to meet our expansion 
requirements. So we are not expecting much pressure on our P&L 
account. Other than three to four crore, which Surojit has highlighted to 
you. Secondly, we are investing in our digital strategy. We have a 
fourteen members team in digital space. We may hire more people in 
digital, particularly data analysts and also give the state-of-art IT and 
digital assets to our investors. As young Indians, they would like to 
interact or make investments digitally through apps. We have three 
different strategies, one - top eight cities, second - expansion. We need 
to go beyond 30 cities because they are growing. And third, digital. All 
three cylinders will be fired. 
  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Lalit Deo from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Lalit Deo:  
Just one question. So like in the last two to three quarters we have been 
seeing our market share of more than 8% in gross sales, but it has not 
been reflected in our net sales numbers. So now within this 8.5% market 
share of gross sales, could you bifurcate between like how is the market 
share in the gross segment and in the equity segment or the hybrid 

 
18 
 
segment and what are we doing to both improve our net income as 
well?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
You want a gross sale percentage across scheme category. Is that 
question correct? 
 
Lalit Deo:  
Yes.  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
OK. So for quarter 4, our share of wallet for equity is around 2.5%, ETF 
is around 9%, income fund is 4.5% and Liquid fund is actually 9%. So on 
a weighted average, roughly around 8.5% is our share of wallet as far as 
the gross sales is concerned.  
 
Lalit Deo:  
Just to follow up on this, now within this equity segment, we have a 2.5% 
market share; in terms of AUM market share, we are at about 5%. How 
are we looking to improve our catch-up on the market share gain going 
ahead? What are the different strategies we are looking to reach over 
there? 
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
So the focus is actually on performance. As and when your fund is 
performing it should take up the sales. So, the focus strategy is that we 
should have three to four equity funds that deliver superior returns for 
our investors and the outcome will be the sales number.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal, please go ahead.  
 
Prayesh Jain:  
Firstly, on the ETF portfolio, what will be the share of EPFO in our ETF 
portfolio overall? And secondly with respect to equity market share, 
while fund performance is a focus area, are any other strategies with 

 
19 
 
respect to distribution that you guys are working on in order to kind of 
really recoup the market share in terms of flows? And just adding to 
that, what would be a flow market share?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
I'll answer the ETF part. In terms of gross inflows, the EPFO share is 
around 50%. The remaining 50% comes either from a retailisation of 
index funds as well as selling to the corporate fund houses. On the 
overall AUM, I don't have the exact number, but it could be very well in 
the range of around 60% to 65% will be the EPFO mandate. I'll come 
back to you with the specific number on the overall book AUM. 
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
So far as the sales strategy is concerned, yes, we realized that one of our 
strategies which was on the growth stocks has not been doing well, 
because growth stocks overall have not been doing well. But we have 
been positioning our flanking products in this category. I don't want to 
take names, but we have enough strategies which are in place to tide 
over this issue. Secondly, we are again approaching our distribution 
partners with these new strategies for marketing our products. So we 
are hopeful that with all of these, we should be able to get a good share 
of our market in the equity funds. 
  
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Our products are on the platforms, including banking platforms. We are 
in continuous touch with our distributors. Our sales team is completely 
engaged, and it is our focused strategy today, to work with the sales 
team to basically regain our market share on the equity side.  
 
Prayesh Jain:  
On the SIP flow market share and how do you plan to increase the 
same?  
 

 
20 
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
Yes. So our gross inflows in the SIP for the month of March were about 
Rs. 573 crore, our average ticket size is around Rs. 3,262 and the closing 
SIP count is around 25.18 lakh.  
 
Vinay Lakhotia:  
So the market share on the gross sale is close to around 4.2% to 4.3% 
and the market share on the overall book AUM is close to around 3.5% 
to 3.6%.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh 
from Citi. Please go ahead.  
 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
Just two questions from my side. First, can you give some colour on the 
possible expense drag in FY24 or 25 because of the new fund launches 
in your subsidiaries, mostly UTI International? And second, while you 
give the equity flow equity gross flow market share, if you can give some 
colour on the similar market share on the equity side across the major 
channels?  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  UTI International launch of any fund - we are expecting some expenses 
in the UTI International balance sheet that will be the legal cost. We 
don't have the right number at this particular point in time, but we are 
also in the process of hiring the team for our U.S. market and all legal 
expenses towards registrations will also be there. The exact number I 
don't have at this particular point in time. So, for the launch of products 
in UTI Capital is concerned, we are not expecting many expenses in 
launching the fund because there's only the license cost or document 
filing cost which we need to pay to SEBI which is not very high.  
 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
And on the second question? Your equity flow market share may be 
across some of the larger channels. 

 
21 
 
  
Sandeep Samsi:  
Yes. So if I look at my share across the various channels - across the 
banking channel, my equity share is around 2%. And this is pure equity, 
it does not include ETF and index. While for other MFDs it is around 
7.5%. So for equities, these are the main two channels.  
 
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
Just to clarify, this is on AUM or on gross flows? 
  
Sandeep Samsi:  
This is on the AUM. 
  
Dipanjan Ghosh:  
OK, would you like to get some colour on the flow side also? 
  
Sandeep Samsi:  
I don't have the numbers on the flow side and maybe offline I can share 
it with you. 
  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare 
from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare:  
The first one is on the expense line. How should we look at growth in 
staff costs and non-staff costs for FY24? Is there some indicative range 
that you would like to give?  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Generally as per Hewitt report, the financial services may give raise of 
9% to 11%. We are not expecting to give such a raise to our employees. 
But we will also have the advantage of the retirement during this 
financial year. So our staff cost is expected to grow at around 3.5%. 
Because we are not expecting to give that 10% or 12% raise to our 
employees. 
 

 
22 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare:  
Got it. That's useful. And on the non-staff, because I think that's where 
you'll have a little bit of cost pressure.  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  As for Non-staff, as our CFO Mr. Surojit Saha has mentioned that there 
is a CSR expense as we grow and make more profit which continues to 
be there, but one-time expenses of sales meet which we had, where we 
called the entire sales team to Mumbai and we have sales meet, these 
expenses will not be there. Travel will continue to be there. We don't 
know how the currency will behave, and this year's investment in IT will 
be less than the previous year. We have already incurred a lot of 
expenses in revamping our IT assets. These one-time expenses will go, 
but the expenses towards the CSR will again come because of the profit 
to meet the regulatory requirement. NPS expense is a variable expense, 
and it is related to the income that is charged to the profit & loss account 
of the retirement solution. One-time expenses will be eliminated. We 
may have the renovation cost because we plan to renovate 2 1/2 floors 
more in the existing building which will have some expenses. 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare:  
Got it. So this year, I think we closed the year with overall annual 
expense growth of 6% and again for next year, you're looking at a few 
more initiatives that will add to costs and some savings as well. But I do 
think that going ahead, you can do better than this. 
  
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  We have especially targeted to basically optimize our costs and to 
ensure that the costs are not increased. If you recall our data, for the 
last 6-7 years we have been outperforming inflation. We will continue 
to do that, and we will keep you updated on the quarter-on-quarter 
basis as we go along to share with you our cost management strategy. 
We are not expecting much rise in administrative expenses rise.  
 

 
23 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare:  
Sorry. On the hybrid side, we've seen continuous net outflows, so 
probably that is linked to how the fund performance is shaping up. Do 
you think that pressure will remain? Is it driven by the more retail IFA 
channels, or you've seen funds kind of being removed from focused lists 
or recommendation lists? So if that's the case, I think this pressure can 
sustain for a few more quarters. So how should we look at the next two 
numbers for the next few quarters?  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  I would like to submit that none of our schemes has been removed from 
the list of distributors. Vinay will give you further details, but from a 
strategic perspective, we don't have a BAF product with us. We have 
submitted our application. Maybe we are expecting approval from SEBI, 
and we will launch the BAF product that will help us in raising funds.  
 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So in the hybrid category, just wanted to clarify there is within our 
scheme categorization, the arbitrage is being categorized under the 
hybrid fund category only. The arbitrage fund is actually a Liquid fund in 
terms of nature and because of the yield that has been receiving, there 
has been a lot of redemption pressure. So for pure hybrid fund, If you 
see the net sales are more or less it’s actually flattish, it's not positive. 
Net sales are not there, but we are quite hopeful with the view and force 
of a Balanced Advantage Fund that is expected close to around the 
beginning of the next quarter or maybe the end of this quarter, the 
inflows under the hybrid funds should actually improve.  
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take one last question from the line of 
Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead.  
 

 
24 
 
Gaurav Jani:  
Thank you, Sir. Firstly a question for Vinay Sir. Sir, could you quantify on 
a stock basis FY23 versus ‘22 what would have been the reduction in 
equity yields?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
‘22 versus ‘23, it will be close to around 7 to 8 basis points.  
 
Gaurav Jani:  
And just trying to sort of get your sense of so the fall in equity yields in 
‘24 and ‘25 would not be as sharp, right?  
 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Again, depending on the redemption analysis. If the older AUM is getting 
redeemed at a faster pace, maybe the yield drop can be sharp, but that 
will provide respite for the coming financial year. Otherwise, it will be a 
marginal decline.  
 
Gaurav Jani:  
And stock basis FY23 if you could quantify the equity yields? For the full 
year, I mean the average yield in equity. 
  
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Close to around 75-76 basis points. 
  
Gaurav Jani:  
Secondly, will we launch any equity NFOs in FY23 and if you share the 
amount, please? 
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
So we launched a number of funds, but not directly in the equity 
category. We launched ETF and we launched the fund of funds.  
 
Gaurav Jani:  
Understood. Thirdly, Sir, just a question to Sandeep Sir on a YOY basis, 
the Banking Channel share on the equity side is about stable at or static 
at 12%. What measures are we taking to actually increase that at a faster 
pace?  
 

 
25 
 
Sandeep Samsi:  
So as Mr. Rahman also mentioned that our products are listed on 
various banking channels, and we are in continuous touch with the 
distributors at the banking end to promote our products. This is again, 
there are two things. One is the performance of the fund. So whenever 
there is a good performance of the fund, automatically, the inflows also 
improve. And also the level of interaction and relationship which has 
been maintained by the relationship manager of the banking channel. 
So we are trying on both. While as I mentioned earlier that some of our 
funds, the strategy was different and we couldn't capitalize on that in 
the last year, but we have now got flanking products to support these 
funds and our people are in continuous touch with the distributors as 
well as the bank and we hope that with these measures we will be able 
to improve the share.  
 
Gaurav Jani:  
So understood, just last bit slightly different question on the cash side. 
So this year, Sir, there's a fair bit of an increase in the payout from about 
50% to about 63% on a consol level. Fair to assume, this should be 
maintained, or this is the payout would increase actually.  
 
Surojit Saha: 
Yeah, you are correct. In 21 we have given 48% and in 22 we have raised 
it to 63.21% and we hope to maintain this payout ratio, or we'll improve 
it definitely.  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  It depends upon the board’s decision from time to time.  
 
Surojit Saha: 
I just want to clarify one point to Swarnabh of B&K the total out of the 
7000 crore of the seed capital investment today is Rs. 265 crore. 
 

 
26 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraints that was 
the last question, I would like to hand the flow back to the management 
for closing comments. Please go ahead.  
 
Imtaiyazur Rahman:  Thank you and thank you very much. I also like to thank my team for 
their participation and thanks a lot.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in our Q4 FY22-
23 earnings conference call. In case of any further queries, you may get 
in touch with the Investor Relations team at Adfactors or feel free to get 
in touch with us. We look forward to interacting. Thank you. 
