 
Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA                  CIN: L72900MH2012PLC232169 
     Tel: +91 22 6752 5656 Fax: +91 2267525858 
     L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
                           
     January 27, 2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
BSE script Code: 540115 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2022 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find attached the transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 
January 19, 2023, for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022, for your 
information and records. 
 
This will also be placed on the Company’s website at www.ltts.com. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prajakta Powle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 20135) 
 
Encl: As above 
Prajakta 
Ashish 
Powle
Digitally signed 
by Prajakta 
Ashish Powle 
Date: 2023.01.27 
16:01:37 +05'30'

 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on January 19, 2023, 19:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO, 
MR. ABHISHEK SINHA – COO, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. PINKU PAPPAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to L&T Technology Services Limited Q3 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
‘0’on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you, Faizan. Hello everyone, and welcome to the earnings call of L&T Technology 
Services for the Third Quarter of FY23. I am Pinku, heading Investor Relations. Our financial 
results, investor release and press release have been filed with the Stock Exchanges and are also 
available on our website, www.ltts.com. I hope you have had a chance to go through them. This 
call is for 60 minutes. We will try to wrap the management remarks in 25 minutes and then open 
up for Q&A. The audio recording of this call will be available on our website approximately one 
hour after this call ends. 
Let me now introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have Amit Chadha - CEO; 
Abhishek - COO; and Rajeev Gupta - CFO. We will begin with Amit providing an overview of 
the company's performance and outlook, followed by Rajeev, who will walk you through the 
financial performance. 
Let me now turn the call over to Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you Pinku and thank you all for joining us on the call today. I hope all of you are keeping 
healthy and safe.  
Let me start with the key highlights on our Q3 performance:  
• 
Our deal wins were strong this quarter with 5 deals greater than $10M in TCV and a 
significant empanelment from Airbus for which we have also issued a press release 
today 
• 
From a revenue standpoint, sequential growth was muted this quarter due to 
seasonality and higher than expected impact from furloughs, especially in Plant 
Engineering.  
• 
Inspite of this, we have improved EBIT to 18.7% and crossed the ₹ 300 Cr milestone 
in Net margins per quarter.  
• 
From a Technology standpoint, we surpassed the 1,000 Patents filing mark as an 
acknowledgment of the Tech Prowess of LTTS. 
 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Let me now provide the segmental performance and outlook.  
Starting with Transportation,  
• 
We had a good performance with 4.4% QoQ growth that was broad-based across the 
sub-segments - Auto, Trucks & Off-Highway (T&OH) and Aero.  
• 
In Auto, demand is being driven by electrification, connected cars and next-generation 
digital cockpits. We are also seeing increased demand for cybersecurity as part of the 
software development platform work that we do. 
• 
For Trucks & Off-Highway, similar trends of electrification and platform development 
continue to provide us good opportunities. One of our 5 $10M deal is from this area. 
• 
In Aero, driven by the rise in air travel, we are seeing demand for avionics. I want to 
highlight our selection by Airbus as a strategic engineering partner – This 
empanelment is significant recognition of our Digital engineering capabilities and 
Aerospace domain knowledge.  
The growth in Transportation will continue into FY24. 
 
In Plant Engineering,  
• 
We were expecting a muted quarter, as we had indicated in our Q2 commentary. 
However, the unexpected furloughs at some of our top customers led to a weaker than 
expected performance in Q3.  
• 
I want to highlight that this is a one-off and not a reflection of the demand 
environment. We see growth coming back from Q4 onwards.  
• 
Key drivers of demand are localization of supply chains, sustainability in operations 
including energy, water and waste management leading to greenfield/brownfield 
expansions. 
• 
In the O&G/Chemical sub-segment, many of our customers are continuing to change 
their product mix leading to design and digital engineering projects for us. One of our 
$10M wins has been in this area.  
We see a strong deal pipeline in both US, Europe and Middle East that will help drive growth 
for us in Q4 and beyond. 
 
At Industrial Products,  
• 
We had a good growth in the quarter led by Electrical, Machinery and Power and 
Utilities.  
• 
For Q3, three of the 5 large deals that we won were in Industrial Products in the areas 
of digital twin and sustainability-driven product development, innovation and 
research.  
• 
We see good demand in Digital Manufacturing to support automation and Software 
platform development to improve equipment performance and reliability. These in 
turn will become annuity contracts. 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
• 
We have been talking about energy transition, including green energy initiatives using 
Hydrogen as a fuel, creating new opportunities for us.  
Overall, for Industrial Products, we see growth continuing to be driven by digital manufacturing 
and sustainability-led new product and process development. 
 
In Telecom & Hitech,  
• 
We had a challenging quarter due to the weakness in ISV, Consumer Electronics and 
Semiconductors - where customers are spending less and frozen hiring. We did offset 
some of this weakness from better 5G spends.  
• 
We are seeing growth in 5G lab-as-a-service, network engineering and cybersecurity. 
With SWC, we now have an end-end capability that will give us an edge in the market. 
• 
As customers look to squeeze efficiency, we are also seeing Cost takeout deals in the 
pipeline. These could give us an opportunity to consolidate and provide greater value 
to our customers.  
Overall, we expect the pace in Telecom and Hitech to gradually pick up as the environment 
improves. 
 
Lastly, in Medical,  
• 
We had a soft quarter which has had more to do with customers shifting their spend to 
2023.  
• 
Demand is being driven by Connected devices and digital health platforms, 
cybersecurity, regulatory compliance and QARA.  
• 
In Q3, we won a large deal from a global OEM to assist in engineering solutions for 
their medical devices on annuity basis.  
We see growth in Medical in Q4 picking back up based on our wins and good pipeline. 
 
Now a few highlights on our Digital engineering and Technology progress.  
• 
On the innovation front, our engineers continue to innovate and have filed 25 patents 
for us and 30+ for our customers in Q3.  
• 
We have been able to maintain this pace of about 25 + 25 patents per quarter for 7 
quarters now.  
• 
We are also proud that we've crossed 1,000 patent filing mark. 
 
 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Let me now discuss the Outlook.  
• 
As we highlighted last quarter, there was a caution in spending which played out in 
our Hitech segment. 
• 
Coupled with the furloughs in Plant Engineering, we had a muted Q3 in terms of 
revenue growth. However, we are optimistic about growth coming back in Q4 on 
account of  
o 
The 5 deal wins and the significant empanelment with Airbus that we won 
o 
A growth bounce back at Plant Engineering in Q4 with the furloughs behind 
us.  
• 
We are now looking at FY23 USD revenue growth to be around 15% organic, on 
constant currency, using Q4 FY22 currency rates as baseline. 
• 
Finally, as we start the new year, we are having conversations and deal discussions 
have picked up pace over the last few weeks. Therefore, Q4 will see us adding at least 
500 net headcount in order to get ready for FY24 as well as service Q4. 
I now request Rajeev to walk you through the Financials. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks, Amit. Good evening to all of you and hope you're doing well.  
Overall, our Q3 FY23 performance showed another quarter of double-digit revenue growth on 
a year-on-year basis, good operational execution resulting in improvement of EBIT margin and 
crossing a new milestone of ₹ 300 Cr in Net profit. 
Now let me take you through Q3 FY23 financials, starting with the P&L.  
Our revenue for the quarter was ₹ 2,049 crores, a growth of 2.7% on a sequential basis. Our 
double-digit YoY growth trajectory continues with Q3 revenue up 21.4% on a YoY basis.  
EBIT margin at 18.7% increased by 60 bps compared to Q2 FY23. This has been the 6th 
consecutive quarter of 18% plus EBIT margin. 
During the quarter, we had benefits from improved employee productivity, better offshore mix 
and exchange gains, offset by a slight increase in SG&A%.  
Moving to below EBIT  
Other income came at ₹ 62 crores, higher on a sequential basis due to higher foreign exchange 
gains compared to previous quarter.  
Effective Tax Rate for Q3 was 31.5%, higher due to conclusion of certain past year assessments, 
we expect this to stabilize in the 27% range going forward.  
Net income touched a new milestone of ₹ 304 Cr at 14.8% of revenue and up 8% on a sequential 
basis, driven primarily by operating margin improvement. 
 
 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Moving to Balance sheet, let me highlight the key line items.  
DSO improved to 77 days at the end of Q3 compared to 78 days in Q2. The combined DSO 
including Unbilled improved to 94 days compared to 96 days in Q2, and in our target range of 
less than 95 days. 
Let me now talk about cash flows – Our YTD Free Cash Flow was ₹ 826 Cr, at 96% of Net 
income.  
Our cash and investments rose to ₹ 2,652 crores by end of Q3 FY23.  
Moving to Revenue metrics:  
On a sequential basis, $ revenue was flat on a constant currency basis and up 0.4% in reported 
terms, mainly led by Transportation and Industrial Products segments.  
The segmental margin performance was better in all the 5 segments on a sequential basis led by 
Plant Engineering and Medical Devices. 
Now let me comment on operational metrics:  
The Onsite:Offshore mix has shifted towards offshore and is at 57%. Our aspiration is to improve 
this ratio to 60% level in the medium term.  
Client profile – which indicates the number of Million dollar plus accounts – has shown a 
sequential improvement in the $10M+, $5M+ & $1M+ categories. The client profile numbers 
have seen an improvement over the past few quarters, and this trend will continue in the coming 
quarters.  
In respect of client contribution to revenue, all three categories, Top 5, Top 10 & Top 20 have 
shown a slight decline as compared to Q2, which is due to stronger growth in Top 20-30 
accounts. 
Headcount improved sequentially by 175 employees, while Attrition moved down to 23.3% and 
is showing signs of softening.  
We continue various employee engagement measures to manage attrition.  
Realized rupee for Q3 was around 82.6 to the dollar, a depreciation of over 2% compared to Q2. 
I would now like to hand it over to Amit to spend a few minutes on our recent SWC acquisition. 
Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thanks, Rajeev. I hope it is clear there seems to be some disturbance in the line, so I just pushed 
on.  

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
The SWC acquisition is a significant move, deliberative and thought about and thought through 
to add capabilities, solutions, technology and most importantly, pre-qualifications that help us 
getting qualified for large deals in the Communications segment 
Post our call on the 12th, where we shared initial details and rationale of our acquisition. We 
received feedback and queries from you.  
We would like to acknowledge and thank you for the feedback. The queries were in three broad 
areas:  
1) 
How are we going to achieve the turnaround of shifting the business to services? 
2) 
What are our integration plans and  
3) 
What is the roadmap for revenue/margins for this business and the company? 
I shall address the first one, and Rajeev will address the subsequent ones.  
Starting with How will we achieve the turnaround?  
We go down to basics. SWC business is broadly, three parts, Communications, Smart Cities 
and Cybersecurity.  
On Communications, which is a space in which LTTS has a solid presence – with a customer 
base of 6 of TOP 10 Telecom Infra OEMs and 4 of top 10 Telecom Operators in North America 
and Europe. We are going to leverage this customer base and our global sales engine and reach 
to sell these capabilities. 
Let me divide the target market into two subparts. 1) Enterprise and 2) Telecom which includes 
Operators and Telecom Infra OEMs.  
Within our Enterprise customer base, there is a demand for SOC, NOC, private 5G 
and localized datacenters. The competition is also fragmented here and the spending 
is also increasing. SWC now fills the critical gap of SOC, NOC and a greater and 
stronger 5G capability. I wrote to our TOP 100 clients about the acquisition after we 
announced it, and 55+ clients have confirmed interest in our expanded service 
offerings. In addition, we will leverage our partnerships with Qualcomm, Nvidia and 
Mavenir as well as our other hyperscaler relationships to penetrate the market faster.  
Within Telecom, there are huge spends around network engineering where we now 
have both scale, onsite offshore model to offer cost arbitrage and track record or pre-
qual as it's known in the industry - which is extremely critical in discussions and large 
deal processes. We will also work with our Indian customers and offer a more service 
led model around Core and RAN capability with the expertise that SWC and LTTS 
together possess. 
 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
In summary, for Communications, the LTTS heritage portfolio of around $60M combined with 
about $100M from SWC will together be a $160M business unit, henceforth referred to as      
Next Gen Communication. Both portfolios will grow going forward. The heritage LTTS 
portfolio will see accelerated growth as we offer SWC capabilities, while the SWC portfolio will 
keep growing at a slightly less pace as we change positioning to more services, for which the 
current pipeline and client relationships gives us a lot of confidence. The joint power of 
solutioning 5G use cases across a broad spectrum and technical assets like the gEDGE data 
center, 5G lab-as-a-service gives us the confidence that the combined portfolio will be 
transformed to be largely Service-led. 
Moving to Sustainable Spaces  
SWC brings capabilities in Efficient Campuses and Cities, Utilities, Mobility, Public Safety and 
Environment, while we have expertise in smart buildings. LTTS has tie-ups with Microsoft and 
other hyperscalers.  
We have consulted experts who have validated that there is a sizable spending due to COP27 
commitments from governments in US, Canada and Europe. We also spoke to our Top 100 
clients who have expressed interest in our joint capability that they would like to leverage in 
their plants, to improve their sustainability and digitization quotient. 
SWC's Fusion platform, coupled with our i-BEMS and UbiqWeise platforms along with their 
software foundry in Hyderabad will help us accelerate solutions that can be commercialized for 
customers. Additionally, their integrated command and control centers that have been built 
for cities is a real differentiator for us.  
We will take SWC solutions to the US and Canada and select countries in Europe, Middle East 
and Asia, leveraging our existing footprint. We will have a direct sales team as well as leverage 
our extensive Partner network to expand these markets.  
We will have a combined portfolio of around $40M, which is ~$30M from SWC and $10M from 
heritage LTTS. We expect an accelerated growth for the combined portfolio as we target our 
enterprise customers and new markets that are ready for such solutions at scale and transform 
from a master system integrator to a master software solutions player in this space. 
Finally, on Cybersecurity,  
We will leverage the SOC in Chennai from SWC along with the talent that both of us have 
recruited in respective companies. We have multiple ongoing engagements in Cybersecurity and 
the SWC team and leadership is a shot in the arm for us at the right time.  
With SWC, we will be uniquely positioned to offer full lifecycle threat management, OT, 
Product, IIoT and enterprise security. 
We are looking at almost tripling our combined revenues of $10M currently, over the next 2 
years.  

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
So the key messages that I want to leave you with around the ability to turn this around and grow 
are:   
1) 
We have done our diligence, consulted experts and engage with our customer 
base on how our expanded capabilities can help them. Our global reach, existing 
strong relationships with Telecom Operators and Telecom Infra OEMs gives us 
confidence of growth. 
2) 
We will transform the SWC business from being a master systems integrator to 
a master software solutions player.  
3) 
Both SWC and LTTS portfolios will grow year after year, and together, we will 
grow the combined portfolio at a pace faster than company growth.  
4) 
Another added synergy benefit that we will be able to leverage is a 360-degree 
partnership that will help us expand our relationship with Industrial Products 
customers or discrete manufacturing customers as they are vendors to our 
Sustainable Spaces business. 
5) 
Finally, I would like to confirm that we have the leadership bandwidth to take up 
this integration and are excited to take this opportunity forward.  
I would now hand over to Rajeev to address the Integration plan and our Revenue/Margin 
roadmap. Rajeev? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks Amit.  
Let me address: How are we planning the integration?  
• 
The pre-integration exercise has been kicked off. The senior leadership team of both 
companies are planning for joint delivery and GTM.  
• 
We will run an integration program for the next 180 days that will focus on 6 areas.  
o 
Top Line, Service Lines, Technology roadmap, Enabling Functions, 
Bottomline, Working capital and Cashflows.  
• 
We are setting up an Integration Management Office with a full-time integration leader 
reporting into me.  
o 
The integration management office will be responsible for ensuring 
readiness on Day 1, preparing the road map for synergy realization and 
supporting various function leaders in planning and execution.  
Now let me address the medium-term aspiration of Revenue and margins.  
• 
On Revenue, with the acquisition of SWC, we reconfirm our aspiration of $1.5B run 
rate by FY25.  
• 
LTTS EBIT margin in Q3 stands at 18.7%.  
• 
In Q1 of FY24, there could be an immediate impact of 180-200bps on EBIT margin 
resulting from consolidation of SWC.  
• 
With the transformational levers that Amit has earlier discussed in respect to SWC 
acquisition, we aspire to get back to 18% EBIT margin by H1 FY26.  
Thank you. And with that, I hand it over to the moderator for Q&A session. 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, to Amit. If I look at what happened in 3Q, was it just a function 
of furloughs or whether also cases where, let's say, a lot of the deals you had won over the last 
eight to nine months did not ramp up as per your expectations? And how should we look at 4Q 
then, what are you hearing from clients when it comes to conversion of those deals into revenues 
so that's one.  
And secondly, to Rajeev on 3Q performance on margins despite flat growth. So outside of SWC, 
can we expect 18.5% as a new base of margins going forward? Or do you think that 18% is the 
normal range to look at outside of SWC? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, number one, I am confirming that Q3, you see normally, if you look at Q3, it has a lesser 
number of working days, right. I mean that's about, if I may be exact, I am an engineer & that's 
the problem we want to be exact. So about 3% lesser working days are there. So, we know that 
and that's how we had said we'll have a muted quarter.  
We got hit by additional furloughs as we call it, because there were customers that came back 
and said that they would like to slow down the projects, etc. in Plant Engineering. But the good 
news is that they've since come back and they confirmed at the time when they were slowing it 
down that it will come back up on January 2nd onwards as 1st is holiday. And it did ramp back 
up from January 2nd, the team started again.  
So therefore, it was a furlough impact more than anything else, and that's how I would leave it. 
From a deal velocity standpoint, I will say similar TCV, 3-digit of total deal closures that we 
have had. We are happy to share that the $10M+ deals that we have had. So, three of those 
clearly in Industrial Products, which is a high-margin business for us, one of them in Plant 
Engineering, which is again higher margin and the fifth one in T&OH for us, so which is 
Transportation.  
We've had that plus there are multiple $5M deals that we have signed in Medical, in Telecom 
and Hitech, etc. Deal velocity is similar & we talked about the empanelment as well, and that 
also came through last quarter, so I do see that. In fact, I do want to say that other than Hitech, 
which we have called out in my commentary, the three sub segments that are there, we are seeing 
project approvals and continuation of teams, etc. In fact, we have done well on utilization last 
quarter. What we've done is that we've again given you a number, quantified the least possible 
increase in headcount. We're fairly comfortable at this stage. Now with that, Rajeev, margins? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
In respect of margins, Bhavik, I just would like to say a few things. One, if you look at across 
all the five segments, we are certainly showing improvement in terms of EBITDA. I think the 
operating model that we've been talking about in the past, including the economies of scale has 
played out quite well for us.  
We remain fairly comfortable that we should be able to hold for LTTS, the margin improvement 
that has come about. I did indicate that with consolidation of SWC in Q1 FY24, we should see 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
a dip of 180-200bps, but that's something that would have been with any acquisition. But to sum 
it all, the operating model, the economics of scale have played out well for us. That gives us the 
confidence in terms of maintaining the margin going forward. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Just a couple of questions. The first is on demand. Amit, you did mention that the demand impact 
is largely furloughs, but when I look at your guidance, the guidance cut is $5M to $15M in 
revenues, whereas basis of furlough impact, the impact should not happen more than $2M to 
$3M  
 
So just trying to reconcile some basic numbers behind the guidance cut. Is there more to it rather 
than just furloughs, which would have led to a change in your guidance that's the first question. 
The second question is more on relative comparison. That's something which I hate relative 
comparison but tempted to ask this for the first time. When I look at a company based in Delhi, 
a company, which has a business mix and portfolio similar to yours, they seem to be doing better 
on the far larger scale on growth.  
 
Whereas LTTS, despite strong win announcements had continued moderation in growth rate. So 
is there any, I mean, shift in share or loss of share, which one needs to contend we're probably 
worried about in your case. So yes, those are a couple of questions, I’d appreciate it if you can 
answer them. 
Amit Chadha: 
So, the change in guidance, we are saying we'll deliver 15% is basically based on muted Q3. So 
that's where that is, and that's where that stands. Now in terms of comparison, it was a specific 
Plant Engineering issue that I believe is since resolved. But of course, finally proof is in the 
pudding. You will see that at the end of Q4 when we come back and declare that to you.  
 
I would, in fact, say that if I look at our market share and our size that we have got going on, I 
think we are expanding with our clients. In fact, if I look at the total number of clients itself, if I 
look at it year-on-year, I would say we've gone from 318 clients to 343. And you've seen a 
number of clients growing in the $1M bracket, the $5M bracket, the $10M, the $20M as well as 
the $30M.  
 
I also want to add that I have visibility to the current run rate that we think we'll end up in Q4. 
And I can confirm to you that market share has expanded rather than declining. We were not 
getting invited to certain Telecom specific RFPs in network engineering given the size of the 
deals and what we had as capabilities in spite of buying Orchestra Technologies and growing 
organically, so we went in for this (SWC acquisition).  
I do believe that we stand in a position now, having crossed $1B revenue in constant currency 
and with now with Smart World, I do believe that we are head-to-head with a lot of people that 
are there and our aspirations to get to $1.5B, as confirmed by Rajeev FY25, remain. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Amit, I just wanted to follow up on the guidance part only. We have seen historically, you tend 
to be fairly conservative when you provide your revenue growth guidance like generally not like 
to kind of cut it back as you had to do this quarter. There is obviously this is happening in the 
backdrop of the macro constraint which you are seeing across the board. 
 
Are there any signs which have now started becoming visible whether the increased furloughs 
in Q3 also were a factor of the macro pressure and does this increases the risk to how you are 
kind of visualizing qualitatively despite FY24 spend from corporates? 
Amit Chadha: 
I want to give you a long-ish answer, if you don't mind here. So, let's go segment-wise. When 
you look at Transportation, right, we have not seen any moderation in spend. In fact, we've seen 
the growth in that as well in spite of a, shall I say, smaller quarter seasonally. And we do see 
new programs kicking in, etc. And that's across Auto, Aero and T&OH. Industrial Products is 
spending in specific areas of digital manufacturing as well as digitization of their products and 
that continues to happen, we don't see any slowdown. You've seen that in the growth as well as 
our commentary for Q4.  
 
Now Medical that you have has always been traditionally, the work we do, a very conservative 
sector. But given the QARA pressures that they are under and notices they're receiving from 
various agencies and their need to check that, etc, as well as digitalization, we are seeing spend 
and you will start seeing that growth, right? Fourth is Hitech. I will say this that there are five 
sub segments in Hitech. There's ISV, there is Consumer Electronics (CE), there's Semiconductor, 
there is Media & Entertainment (M&E) and then there is Telecom. We have not seen any cutback 
in Telecom, which is Infra and OEMs or in M&E. However, in ISV, CE and Semiconductor, 
we've seen a fair degree of caution that they were exercising last quarter also & this quarter also. 
But we believe that the growth in Telecom and M&E should be able to overcome that. In 
Medical, forgot mentioning one thing - Healthcare is investing. 
Finally, come to Plant Engineering. Like I said, again, Plant was a one-off issue in the quarter 
(Q3), since addressed. I'm going to assure you that the Plant Engineering will come back in Q4 
and beyond. We are actively hiring, ramping up in Baroda and Chennai as well as in the US and 
Europe for this particular segment.  
 
So that's how I see this. Finally, other than parts of Semiconductor, ISV, CE, mostly, you see a 
company-specific cut in terms of spending, but not a sector-wide. So, I'm still cautiously 
optimistic about CY23. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, two questions from my side. Amit, you mentioned, I mean, we saw a very strong growth in 
the Transport division in this quarter. And we also had all these deals with the Airbus as well. 
So just wanted to basically understand the traction that we are seeing in the Aerospace division. 
We've seen travel rebound significantly across the globe.  

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
And is it that kind of leading to more traction in this division? And do you think it can sustain 
going forward in the next year, I mean, as an industry, do you think there could be more similar 
kind of deals either for us or for the industry as a whole in this segment over the coming quarters, 
given that most of the Airlines’ profitability and other values are basically now into the green 
again, and they might start spending again on both the fronts.  
 
Secondly, my question was just a big basically, a quick clarification of the SWC margin thing. 
As we have mentioned that the first quarter of next year, we will see a 180-200bps impact of 
margins. Would there be any non-recurring impact of that as well? Or is it just the integration, 
which is going to reset the margin to that level? And then gradually, we're going to wrap it up 
as the growth comes in and as we basically rationalize the operations. So that's the two questions 
from my side. 
Amit Chadha: 
One on Airbus, I do want to acknowledge one thing. Dr. Panda, as you're aware, is an Aerospace 
engineer & this account is very close to his heart. So, we did start trying to pursue this while he 
was CEO. And I'm happy that after years, we got empaneled first as a provider and then got 
selected. In fact, he was in our Board meeting today, and he said one thing – “you delivered very 
nicely done.” It has been a dream, right? So, I do want to say for an aerospace engineer, getting 
Airbus empanelment for digital manufacturing etc. is a dream. I do think and a lot of people to 
thank, compliment, etc.  
Having said that, I'll tell you Aerospace, the spend that is coming back is one there are design 
cycle that is starting again for the next-gen aircraft, right? People are looking at smaller aircraft, 
they're looking at single aisle. There are people that are talking about it. You can read the press 
on that. There is hybrid aircraft that people are talking about, etc. So those design cycles, concept 
cycles are starting. These are generally about a seven-to-ten-year cycle, right? So that is starting 
up. So that's good news, number one & this is not just for us, but everybody. So you will see 
more spend coming out for structures or avionics, etc.  
Second, what's happening is there is a technology conversion happening from mechanical to 
electric, power electronics, et cetera, within the existing aircraft. That again is a smaller cycle, 
that's about maybe a five-year cycle. So that's kicking off as well. So that's number two.  
Number three, the digital manufacturing part that they are bringing to a shop floor for a more 
integrated delivery, full life cycle system as they deliver aircraft and people take deliveries. So 
that is what is happening.  
So you will see spend in Aero growing as you move forward, right? So that's that. In fact, one 
more thing was that you remember at one time, Japan, they were trying to do something and 
they stalled it because of COVID, again starting to have conversations where it should come 
back, et cetera. So a lot of positivity in that sector that I believe gives a lot of breather to a lot of 
people. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Let me take the question on the consolidation impact. In the previous analyst call, I did indicate 
that the SWC margin is in the range of 8% to 10%. So, Q1 truly is the impact of consolidating 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
the two financials and of course, the impact in terms of acquisition, etc. But from thereafter, it 
is going to be a progressive improvement, looking at both revenue synergies and cost synergies. 
What we believe is quarter-on-quarter, you will see that progressive improvement coming 
through, which is where our aspiration is to come back in terms of 18% EBIT in H1 of FY26. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. 
Ravi Menon: 
Well, two questions. First, within transportation, would you say that at least this year, 
Automotive is  
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt you, please use the handset mode. The audio is not clear. 
Ravi Menon: 
So within Transportation, would you say that Automotive is the fastest-growing this year, 
followed primarily by Off-highway with Aerospace a little further behind. Amit from the way 
you sounded it looks like Aerospace is going to pick up. So how should we think about growth 
within Transportation overall for CY23? 
Amit Chadha: 
Ravi, can you repeat that, please? 
Ravi Menon: 
I was saying within Transportation over this year, would you say that Automotive was the fastest 
growing and maybe followed by Off-highway and Aerospace further behind? And how should 
we think about CY23? 
Amit Chadha: 
Number one, Transportation did grow, right? And let's wait for April to conclude which grew 
the fastest and slowest. But I will say this to you that for CY23, see, there are a few trends that 
we definitely see happening.  
A) One is a lot more electrification of Automotive, so that will continue. Companies, however, 
have to remain profitable to be able to spend. B) T&OH - Construction of highway is seeing 
added autonomous as well as electrification and connected spend coming in. So, that is definitely 
happening. C) Aerospace, we believe, is starting a design cycle, but more than mechanical, we 
believe this will be more avionics and electrification, etc. led and digital manufacturing led. The 
reason I make that point is that earlier design cycles used to be a lot more mechanical led. This 
time, we are seeing a change in that. And we believe that we are well positioned in that area 
because we are more electrical embedded driven than mechanical driven in this area. So overall, 
do I see the growth? I absolutely see good growth coming in this area, continuing in CY23 
Ravi Menon: 
And a follow-up on the Telecom & Hitech. you mentioned that in ISV, there was some pressure. 
So how should we think about this? Will ISV shut down some of these older legacy products 
that should we say - do we see a hit? Or do you think that more shifts offshore will actually 
compensate for that or maybe even provide some growth? 
Amit Chadha: 
See, for those that have followed us two years now and talk to us, ISV is one of our smaller sub 
segments, right? Our exposure to ISV is fairly limited from a hit standpoint. Having said that, 
ISVs are reconsidering their spends. There was a lot of pie in the sky ideas and projects that were 
getting talked about. All that definitely is taking a back - shall I say back bench because they 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
also want to start delivering profit, they want to look at, etcetera. So that's there. But Telecom & 
Hitech, I do want to say that 5G spends are on and will continue to do that. 
Second, ISVs are trying to stop some area of spending, but they are starting to spend in devices 
that they are building that will work with 5G and then tomorrow, 6G, WiFi 6, etc. So I do believe 
that, that part will continue to grow. I am hopeful Semcom will definitely come back because 
the amount of semiconductor required in Auto that's required in data center is there. Yes, the 
number of people buying laptops has gone down because all of us purchases a laptop they wanted 
to & going back to work now. 
But having said that, it's just temporary because if you look at the kind of production capacities 
that companies are building and design there are talking about, I do believe it will come back. 
So overall, I do think that the Hitech recovery may start in the second quarter calendar year and 
then go up from there. That's how I broadly see it -- for us specifically, though my commentaries 
hold that I do see our Q4 Telecom & Hitech being better. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. 
Sulabh Govila: 
So a couple of questions from my side. One is on the Auto vertical, particularly, which has been 
doing well for us as well as industry as a whole. There seems to be no major wins listed this 
quarter, but so I just wanted to understand, has there been a change incrementally in the way 
clients are awarding deals? Or is it just a timing issue in this quarter? And the second is on the 
$30M client bucket, there's a moderation in that number QoQ. So, is that also related to the Plant 
Engineering related furloughs or that's related to some other client? 
Amit Chadha: 
The number one, Auto, not having a single $10M deal. Again, I said this to some of you once 
that engineers think like engineers, they don't think like businesspeople, they don't know that 
$9M is not counted in $10M deals. I would confirm to you that there are deals in Automotive as 
well. In fact, there are incremental deals. I don't know whether we’ve made it press or not. There 
were a couple of new ODCs inaugurated in this last quarter. Maybe - they have asked us for 
names to not be published, so we didn't, but there are a couple of new ODCs that have been 
published.  
There were earlier wins that have ramped up in Auto as well. There are some exciting deals in 
progress in Auto as well. And I believe that some of them, they're already closed or are closing 
in the current quarter. So, I would not be worried about not announcing a deal in Auto. I was 
focused more on making sure that we get - because last quarter, we got feedback on this, the 
$9M is $9M and it’s not $10M. So, we made sure that there are some deals between $10M, 
nearly close to $20M also. But we haven't called them out as $20M because we believe in the 
practice of being a little conservative on these things. But I would not worry about Automotive 
-- all I would say is that we continue to grow in this area, expand, hire, etc. Now in fact, we are 
doing walk-ins in Munich. So, anybody who has friends can even recommend people and in 
Bangalore & Mysore.  

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Now let me go on to the $30M. I agree with you that that $30M, there was one client, in fact, 
less in sequential LTM,. In fact, not just $30M, we were flat in $20M as well. Though $10M+ 
grew one sequentially and $5M grew one sequentially. And of course, $1M grew by 8. 
So I have access to Q4 data, which I expect we will do. And you will see some of these furloughs 
did have an impact across, right, everybody there was a shorter quarter, etc. So, what I can 
confirm to you is that this will correct itself. As we move forward, our focus on account mining 
scale continues to be laser sharp so that we can expand. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Largely, I wanted to understand on the North American geography side, I mean, North America 
hasn't grown for this particular quarter. So any signs of demand moderation across this particular 
geography? I mean your comments with respect to this geography. That will be helpful. And my 
second question was on this Airbus notification that we made. Earlier also, we were like a 
strategic engineering partner, and now we are there for advanced capabilities. So just wanted to 
understand, given the fact that our penetration and our capabilities are improving on the Aero 
side. So, what kind of spend could be there for us specifically over the next year from the Aero 
side? I mean could it be like $5M kind of a spend per quarter? Could that be the potential 
opportunity? So I wanted to understand that. 
And my third question was on the guidance that we have given the 15% constant currency 
guidance that we have given, and it implies 4.5% to 5% kind of a growth for balance part of the 
year. So, I mean what is bringing us that confidence that given a muted growth this quarter, we 
are still hopeful about having 4.5% to 5% growth for the balance part of the year? Yes, those 
were the questions. 
Amit Chadha: 
So Mihir, here are the answers. Number one, you can see that North America, actually, there 
was a 0.7% de-growth it shows here because of this revenue, the way we count currency, but 
India shows 6.4%. I can confirm to you that we don't work in India, right? Largely, our India 
revenue that we report is actually INR billing, but it is done for US and European customers. So, 
I would like to confirm to you that Europe, North America - both of these and ROW have grown, 
the India growth that you see, you should actually count it towards the 3 Geos because for India, 
we do very little, maybe some $1M/$2M per quarter to that extent, $3M. So please read it like 
that. In fact, next year, we will review this and see if there's another way to present this because 
we get asked this question every quarter. So, we'll review this. 
Second, Airbus. See, please understand, Airbus is a very -- shall I say, -- I want to find the right 
word for you. They have a very process-oriented methodical empanelment exercise, etc. So, 
what happened last time around when we announced it was we have been chosen by Airbus for 
Skywise platform and they had empaneled us as a vendor and given us MSA, etcetera, signed 
global really, which was earlier only in India MSA.  
Now what they have done is, specifically in digital manufacturing and the other area, they have 
qualified a spend and said we will spend X amount of money, and we have been empaneled as 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
one of I again can't give a number who are not liberty by Airbus to do that, but one-off say N 
number of suppliers and N is a very small number. So, they will spend that XX dollars amongst 
those very little vendors in those two particular areas. They've in fact given us a ramp-up plan, 
etcetera. 
The reason I am again not quantifying it is because that is a discussion we've had with Airbus 
on. But I'm fairly confident that it will ramp up. We actually started recruiting, training, etcetera, 
as well as building team organization structures, etc. I will actually request my colleague, 
Abhishek, our COO, to talk a little bit about the process he does to get ready for such ramp-ups. 
Third, Aero do we see growth? In avionics and digital manufacturing. Lastly, guidance, 15% 
constant currency amounts to more than 3% growth as far as we are concerned. And a point was 
asked earlier, were we slowing down. So see, we were at about a 4% growth rate in last year, 
and we had done that whatever, 19% to 20% that we grew last year. 
This year, we've been a 3%+ range. Quarter 3 was muted. And next quarter, we see it's not played 
out yet. That's why we give guidance and let's say, don't give a firm number. We still have to 
bill, we still have to invoice, to collect. I can assure you that it will be greater than 3%. Will it 
be 4%, will it be more is to be seen. 
Abhi, would you like to add on Aero specifically what we're doing in terms of that? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
I think you all would have heard about the center we opened in Toulouse about 4 months back. 
And no one invests in a center in France, if they don't have the confidence of growing in the 
region, and it was for Airbus, and that's the reason we opened that center. If you look at of course 
can't share number, but if you look at our growth, of Airbus in the last couple of quarters, it has 
been actually one of the fastest-growing accounts for us. 
And this is all in the backdrop of a very structured academy program that we have, training 
program that we have created in partnership with the Airbus all our training materials, the way 
we go about it, there’s an engine running and how we hire people and train them & internally 
move people into the account. Our relationship with Airbus is at a very advanced very 
strategically placed. We have even won some awards again can't share details. But I think we 
are in a good space and this partnership that Amit spoke of that we won the empanelment. I think 
that augurs well for us in the digital manufacturing space, especially. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take the next question from the line of Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
So, first question was on offshoring. So, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that we see 
offshore revenue mix going up to 60%. I wanted to understand what are the drivers of this trend 
and which are the verticals where we expect this to be play out? 
Amit Chadha: 
So let me start by sharing the verticals, and then I will request Abhi, my colleague, COO to 
address the drivers for offshoring to increase. From a vertical standpoint, see, as you look at it, 
we expect it to be, and I want to say this, you'll see this across verticals. It's not a vertical or a 
second vertical, you'll see this across verticals. I would also say that digital engineering – digital 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
products and services as well as embedded, testing, parts of digital manufacturing. We'll see this 
a lot more, right? So, it's across. It's not like it's one or the other. Abhi, would you like to give 
the drivers for offshoring? Traditionally. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Yes. I think when we looked at our operational strategy, while everyone knows utilization 
freshers pyramid, these are all usual levers that you look at for margin growth. But offshoring is 
probably one of the biggest levers that we have, as a company, decided to work on. Our near-
term aspiration is to go to 60% of our revenue coming from offshore. And we know that, that's 
a big lever from a margin perspective. 
 One of the things we have done well this quarter and hope to continue to in the coming quarters 
is a very high degree of focus on fresher utilization. The freshers that we take every quarter 
anywhere between 500 to 600 freshers that we take every quarter. Not only do we make sure 
that they are ready to get into billable projects that helps in margins, but more importantly, that 
also help in pulling more work offshore. 
The last point I would like to mention is we have very actively started engaging with our 
customers in pushing the work to offshore, we have kind of created an ‘offshorablity index’ of 
our various service offerings. And we engage with -- we have started engaging with the 
customers actively on why a certain piece of work must be done offshore and of course, 
leveraging the whole hybrid working model that the COVID has taught us to see this work can 
be done from outside office, can be done anywhere. That whole engine between sales and 
delivery are starting to show results. We have been working on this for some time, and I expect 
this to continue. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
And second one was on headcount addition. This has been soft for past four quarters now. So 
would it be fair to say that our utilization, which came back to about 75% would have now 
normalized to the comfort range of 78% to 80%. And here on, we would need to add headcount 
going forward. Is that the situation now? 
Amit Chadha: 
Yes. So, number one, we did -- so number one was, yes, Q2 and Q3 saw us improving utilization, 
rationalizing pyramid, etc. I do want to confirm that Q4 onwards, I do believe that headcount 
addition sequentially will come back.  
We've reached levels that we are comfortable with because we are a tech company. We do invest 
in labs, we invest in people working in labs, people creating solutions, practices, widgets, etc. 
We are comfortable with the utilization that we see now. And therefore, you will see headcount 
increasing now sequentially as we move forward quarterly. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
My question is for Rajeev. Rajeev now when you are doing some back of the envelope 
calculation on margin guidance. And it seems that the way you have given guidance implies no 
contribution or a bit from the acquisition, SWC acquisition. Now is this largely because of 

 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call
 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
amortization charge? Or do you expect the core organic margins also to deteriorate from that 
18.5% you reported? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Let me clarify, this does not bake in any deterioration on the organic margin. I did mention it 
earlier that given we've done 18.7% EBIT in Q3 with all the operational levers and improvement 
in offshore and many of those things that we've talked about earlier, we do see a fair bit of 
comfort of sustaining this margin organically as we spoke. 
As far as the SWC acquisition, there is part of amortization also baked into it. Plus, there may 
be some investment that we would have to make. And as you would appreciate, the strategy that 
Amit talked about in terms of Next-gen Communication, Sustainable Spaces and Cybersecurity, 
we will bring in experienced sales leaders to be based in respective geographies where we want 
to drive growth, right, and be able to position this to the existing customers and also solicit newer 
customers. So, part of that will be investments. But like I have said earlier that progressively, 
we should be able to see both revenue synergies and cost synergies play out. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, Rajeev, what would be the EBIT margin? Let say you given the EBITDA margin for SWC, 
8% to 10%. What would the EBIT margin be? How much do you think it trends down to before 
it starts recovering once the synergies kick in? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Kawaljeet, I can answer to what is historical. Like I've said, we've been in an EBITDA range 
of 8% to 10%. In terms of EBIT, very similar. I mean, there is not much of cost between EBITDA 
and EBIT that that business entails. So that is where it is. To your specific question, I may have 
said this in the previous call also, as we get more color, we will certainly provide that when we 
come back in Q1 FY24. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pinku Pappan for closing comments. 
Pinku Pappan: 
Thank you, everyone, for being present on the call today. And we hope we have answered most 
of your questions. We'll be happy to connect with you during the course of the quarter to clarify 
any other questions that may remain. With that, I would like to say bye and wish you all a very 
good day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
