 
 
UFLEX/SEC/2023/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   February 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: 
Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 16th February, 2023 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 
February 16, 2023. The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at 
https://www.uflexltd.com/pdf/EarningsConferenceCall/2022-23/UFlex_Q3FY23_Transcript.pdf . 
 
Request you to take on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
(Ajay Krishna) 
Sr. Vice President (Legal) & 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl:  As above 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/l, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code :  UFLEX 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building,  P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  Fort,   
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code :  500148 
AJAY 
KRISHNA
Digitally signed by 
AJAY KRISHNA 
Date: 2023.02.27 
13:30:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“UFlex Limited 
Q3 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH BHATIA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND PRESIDENT – UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SACHIN BOBADE – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKET 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFlex Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Dolat Capital Market Private Limited. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sachin Bobade from Dolat Capital Market Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sachin Bobade: 
Thank you, Lizann. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY23 earnings 
conference call of UFlex Limited. Hope you all, and your family numbers are staying safe and 
healthy. From the management side, we have with us Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group CFO and 
President; Mr. Anantshree Chaturvedi, CEO Flex Films Limited International; Mr. 
Apoorvshree Chaturvedi, Director EU Operations and Sustainability. 
Now, I hand the floor to the management for their opening remarks and then we would have 
question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Good afternoon to all of you and welcome to Q3 conference call for the earnings for the 
quarter 3. Overall, this quarter I’ll split into two parts, one is India, where we have seen a very 
strong growth momentum and the Offshore business, which is basically Packaging Films 
business, where we have seen some softening and we’ll explain you the reasons for the same. 
And then it can be followed by Q&A. 
So, let’s first look at the positive aspects, which is India business, where we’ve seen a growth 
of about volume, overall growth of about 13% this quarter, and the Packaging business has 
seen a growth of about 34%. Of that, the revenue for the business is up about 20%. EBITDA is 
maintained and so, that’s basically sums up the India business, where we see a strong 
momentum in the Packaging business volume, which comprise of the Flexible Packaging as 
well as the Aseptic Packaging part of our business. 
And if we come to the consolidated number, yes, on a three month basis, on a quarterly basis, 
while the income, the revenue is almost maintained and is marginally up by about 0.6% to 
about INR 3,496 crores, but the EBITDA has suffered to about INR 429 crores without any 
exchange fluctuation, and which we compare with the  Y-o-Y basis, it is down by about 28%. 
This quarter, we’ve seen unprecedented foreign-exchange losses both on account of 
devaluation by Egypt by about 22.3% on 27th of October and also some of the translation and 
re-statement losses again which are most of which are notional because  we report our numbers 
in the rupee format and translate from all the currency first to dollar and then from dollar to 
rupee. We’ve seen a huge impact of about aggregating to about INR 236 crores in this quarter. 
And that’s the prime driver for the reason why this quarter’s numbers do not look good. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Again, I say that most of that is notional only, the exchange losses and we’ve seen some de-
growth in the Offshore business, largely because of the two facts. One, we had forgotten 
during the COVID period that what is the normal. And so, one that realization now that 
COVID is behind us is back to the reality. And normally pre-COVID, the period of October to 
December is always soft, as compared to some of the other quarters so, that realization, that 
reality check is now setting in. 
But this reality check was also accentuated by two factors. One is the Russia-Ukraine war, 
which led to a huge increase in the energy cost for us as well as for the consumers. And 
obviously, its hit the consumption as the consumer had to choose between eat and heat and 
particularly this winter, and their disposable income, they had to realign in terms of the higher 
energy costs, what the household had to pay and also the higher EMI if they have taken any 
loans for housing or otherwise. So, there has been a redistribution of the income and some 
other discretionary spends have taken a hit and as a reason thereof, we’ve seen some de-
growth in the volume. 
The second reason is also as the Fed aggressive policies, they’re trying to combat inflation, 
we’ve seen and that has impacted those very aggressive fiscal policies ultimately, effect the 
consumption at some stage or the other. But more than that, I think couple of countries where 
we are operating like Nigeria, Egypt and all that. This dollar strength has ultimately led to a 
huge availability issues with respect to the dollar.And the industries or the businesses which 
are dependent on the imported raw-material and they sell locally, they were finding it very 
difficult to procure dollars for the offshore procurement, thereby, ultimately, if their volumes 
are affected, and it’s a whole chain. So, somewhere, it had to affect people like us also, where 
if the overall economy is not doing so well so, the consumption also gets affected. 
Having said that, this is the quarter where we’ve seen the maximum impact of these losses 
exchange as well as the, some of the de-growth in the Packaging Film business globally and 
we foresee that the current quarter will still be better in the Indian operations as compared to 
the previous quarter, as currently we are operating at about 130% capacity utilization in our 
Aseptic Packaging business in the month of January and the season has just started. So, we see 
a very strong momentum in that business, as well as our Flexible Packaging business, which in 
the month of January has reported, the highest ever volume ever. 
And so, these two businesses are quite stable and that’s what diversification of the revenues  in 
India has been very well demonstrated in this quarter, whereby the Films business suffered in 
terms of it’s profitability, while the other businesses Aseptic Packaging, Flexible Packaging, 
Inks, Adhesives, Chemical, Cylinder, they’ve all made-up for what was the lower contribution 
by the Films business. 
Offshore business is only a pure Packaging Films play and that’s where, we see once that 
business is down for the reasons I already explained so, we were there coupled with the 
exchange losses, I think, that business has not done so, well during this quarter, as it was doing 
in the previous six quarters. And but nothing that we are so worried about our market-share 
everything else. We’ve taken the opportunity to grow that in the, in some of the difficult time 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
and surely I think another quarter or two, we’ll be back on-track in terms of our Offshore 
business. 
And the India business will continue momentum both in the Flexible Packaging as well as in 
the Aseptic Packaging and also some of the income giving businesses, especially, the 
Chemicals and Cylinders. So, that in nutshell is the theme for the quarter 3 performance. And I 
think what is important to note is that, while the industry, if you see all other players also 
they’ve also reported lower number both for their India as well as the Offshore businesses, but 
that’s where UFlex gets differentiated from the rest of the players, as other businesses, related 
business revenue have compensated for the loss of revenue and the profitability in  the 
Packaging Films business. 
No doubt, the Packaging Films business is the largest for us and the other businesses are much 
smaller as compared to this but wherever we see an opportunity to be better, we’ll do that. And 
we are looking to further debottleneck our existing Aseptic Packaging business to take it close 
to 12 billion packs a year from the 9 billion packs a year run-rate currently at which we are 
operating, and the order momentum is sort of pretty strong there, both in the domestic market 
and as well as in the offshore markets for this business. 
And there have been months there when the India season goes down, earlier, there have been 
situation where your plant capacity utilization drops drastically, especially, in the months of 
August and September onwards. But this year, we’ve seen its down even in those non-seasonal 
matter, because we grew our export markets, and as a result of which, now we expect that in 
the year  2023 &2024 we will see not much of seasonality going-forward into this business as 
we ramp-up our export market.  
Even at a 12 billion packs a year market, I would have reasons to believe that we have order 
book in to serve the customers and the market has been pretty good for both, for the Flexible 
Packaging as well as for the Aseptic Packaging business. So, that’s in a nutshell is the key 
takeaway from UFlex. 
And we’re open to any questions on our performance for the quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Saurabh Sharma, an individual investor. 
Saurabh Sharma: 
So, my question was regarding the Aseptic Packaging and why segmented information to that 
has not been provided, even though Engineering activities has been provided, which is at 
currently at a much smaller scale then Aseptic Packaging? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think, there what we are doing is there we are guided by the Aka, handles there all the 
packaging activity and the packaging sales is taken as a packaging activityand Engineering is 
of course a separate activity as required to be reported under the laws of the land and that’s 
how we distinguish, but we also shy away from giving you a number on these two separately 
being a bit confidential information, but we are happy to tell you the plants capacity utilization, 
our levels and we know the capacity. So, in a way there is enough information for you to 
derive as to what kind of growth and the momentum we have in that business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Saurabh Sharma: 
Bhatia ji, profitability becomes a problem, so revenue of course is one can arrive at, but 
profitability of that 20% EBITDA is something that have been guided earlier, but then there 
are all kinds of variables that keep changing, considering the fact that Sanand plant is a 
separate standalone entity and isn’t really invest in the other operations of the company. And it 
having achieved in particular scale right now so, it’s just maybe a pointer maybe for the 
management to sort of consider going ahead. 
I understand there is confidentiality involved here, but if you could just give us a sense of the 
profitability and that being a separate, because from your commentary also, it’s being referred 
to as a separate growth drivers. So, it gives -- if it’s a private company, its reflected a private 
company, is a separate issue, but for shareholders, minority shareholders, it becomes a bit of an 
added incentive to sort of be invested in the company. So, that was my little thing about the 
segmented information. 
My second question would be, how does the company plan to sort of take care of the debt 
situation going ahead? This quarter has been particularly harsh profitability point of view -- 
from the profitability point-of-view. So, how does the company intend to handle the debt 
situation going ahead, assuming things do not look up for some time, because I’m sure, in 
addition to the open lines of debt, there are also covenants that are not… 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Can you concise your question? 
Saurabh Sharma: 
Yes. So, what does the company plan to do about the debt situation going ahead if profitability 
remains a problem in the near-future, in terms of debt covenants, which are not public right 
now? So, what and how does the company plan to handle the debt situation, covenants? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, I think the covenants are currently all under control. There are no issues with respect to any 
covenants. In our European businesses, yes, when we look at the trailing 12 months we still 
thrive. We may have some issues on a quarterly number isolation basis. And whenever there 
are such scenarios, I think the bankers do understand that and will be hopeful that we will get 
waivers from them, because they also understand the situation in the European territory, 
particularly where the cost of energy has hit us, not only us, but across all the industries and 
there is an impact on the consumption because of it. 
So they are very well-supportiveif there are any sort of covenants breach. We don’t -- as we 
said that, we expect that, Q2 onwards, we will have in the positive growth territory in our 
Offshore business as well, but in case there are situations which prolong for the reasons which 
are not under our control, I think our entire stakeholders which are debt lenders, I think they 
fully understand that this may lead to some breach in the local covenants, which they are ready 
to sort of give us some more time to comply with those. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from Anubhuti Advisors LLP, please go-
ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, can you give the exact volume numbers for this quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Which one? 
Rushabh Shah: 
 
Absolute, our Packaging volumes, I think the last quarter they were 1.5 lakh tons. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
So, this quarter we bid sales volume of close to about 1,40,000. 
Rushabh Shah: 
 
1,40,000 tons? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Yes. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So, that could be approximately 6%, 7% decline on a sequential basis. That would be correct? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Yes. 
Rushabh Shah: 
And with respect to our Dharwad project, the BOPET addition of 68,000 tons per annum, 
when can we expect that to come online? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we’re doing the trial runs there, we have some situation on account of farther over 
there. Currently we are on sort of our power which is the self-generating power, but given the 
mechanical consumption, I told you, have been completed for some time. The power issue is 
still getting resolved, but by end of March first week of April or so, I think we’ll be up and 
running commercially on that. 
 
 
 
Rushabh Shah: 
And just on the finance cost number, I think this quarter sequentially, if we see the finance cost 
has come higher by 26%. So, can you just divide the mix that how much came in actually from 
higher finance cost? And if you can share the absolute debt number, which is outstanding as of 
31st December? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, I think the debt number as around 31st of December what we have is including working 
capital and long-term it is of net-debt is about INR 4,460 crores. 
Rushabh Shah: 
 
INR 4,460 crores? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. This includes working capital, this includes long-term, this includes working capital, 
everything, less of the cash balance is what we see. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So, we were planning to reduce debt by approximately INR 500 crores during this fiscal, so 
would that be done in the fourth-quarter itself or this would go in next fiscal? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
No. So, I think, you got it wrong. What we said that there is amortization of the debt which is 
as per the agreed amortization should be in the bank. So, that is happening on its own, on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis. 
So, that’s the number. But as we complete our Dharwad project as we sort of spend more 
money on our Panipat project so, you will see that more or less those additional those will get 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
added on to the debt, which is already been re-paid. And that’s where you can see on a quarter-
to-quarter basis, the net increase in the debt is not to much. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So, do we expect debt to further increase from this level, maybe rough guidance if you can 
give? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, it will go up slightly by -- there will be repayments, there will be cash debt added, so, I 
think based on the current plans that we have, we do not expect any debt number -- any 
substantial numbers to be added on, so, what gets added on is almost the same numbers, is 
what we are looking in terms of our amortization payments. So, there is nothing, any alarming 
on this account which will get added on the debt numbers. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Makes sense, makes sense, because after Dharwad and Panipat, I believe there are no 
significant capex coming up, except some small recycling plants. Correct, no, sir? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Yes, Yes. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, just last one question. So, any guidance on the margin front, maybe going ahead, maybe 
next one or two quarters are challenging, but any broad long-term margin guidance which you 
can share with us? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Difficult at this stage, I think, we have to see the Q4 especially, in terms of Offshore business. 
India also, there has been some extra capacity which has come, so it’s find its place in the 
market so, the market is readjusting itself. I think in the next, I will not see any huge impact of 
some of these on the margins except that some of our exchange losses and all that, may not be 
to that magnitude. 
Having said that, I think the Q4 will set the tone for the FY ‘24 and that’s the better time to 
give you a guidance for FY ‘24. The first and the foremost is that we should look to recover 
the lost volume, while we know that the overall volumes have shrunk. I think, the guidance 
from the top management is to sort of strengthen the market-share, UFlex is much stronger 
whether financially or otherwise in terms of gaming and retaining the market shares in 
whichever markets we are. 
So, the whole momentum is that whatever the numbers that have lost in this quarter for the 
volumes, I think we can make-up for that and then look for as to what should be our margins 
is, as to how did the margins settle in each of the territories that’s been affected. So, currently 
I’ll abstain from giving any guidancebut I can tell you that the January month has been -- upto 
middle of February, it’s been much better than the last quarter in terms of the numbers. 
Rushabh Shah: 
So, any colour on current BOPET spreads have that been remained -- have those remained at 
the same level as of 3Q or there is some improvement? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
No, its at the same level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private 
Limited. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Kaushik Poddar: 
In your BOPP and BOPET, there is a good amount of capacity that has come. So, will that not 
result in margin reduction even next year also? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I don’t think so, there is anymore room left to reduce the margin in both of them. I think, 
whatever is our demand-side is there, people will look to realign their production, because if 
the market is off size X, you produce 1.3 times. That’s not going to get a drop just because, 
you produce and you sell cheaper and all that, so, I think, that the margins have hit the lowest 
levels in the Q2 or in the Q3, and there on it’s only a positive development that we are 
expecting. It’s not on the margin side, it’s not in Q4, definitely it in Q1. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, can we take it the 13% margin, if you leave aside this exchange loss, that is the bottom 
most margin we can expect from you? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think, if we take-out the exchange loss for the nine months period, we are at about 14% for 
the nine months period. So, I think for the year as a whole also we should be slightly better 
than this so, but next year, I think, we’ll be able to give you any guidance only after what we 
see what we do in Q4, only then we’ll be able to guide but for the nine month period, it’s the 
14% EBITDA margin excluding any exchange losses. But, if you see EBITDA after the 
exchange, yes, it about 13.1% for the nine months period. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So, 14% is the bottom most we can expect in a normal level, I mean, at first, we can expect 
14% EBITDA margin? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
EBITDA for the quarter is lower, EBITDA for this quarter obviously, is lower as compared to 
the first two quarters. So, hoping that plugging if we were to replicate our performance, what 
we had in this quarter itself so, we are looking at an EBITDA of about say INR 2,100 crores 
for the year as a wholeSo, 13.8% or so will be that’s what it looks like without any exchange 
negative or positive, whatever it is. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And when is this expansion of your Aseptic packaging to 12 billion units going to take place? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
That will take time, so not in this season, definitely in the next season we’ll have. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
But currently your run-rate is 9 billion units, is it, on a yearly basis, on an annualized basis? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
So, that’s based on more or less 45 days of operations in the calendar 2023. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And this straw for this paper-based straw for this tetra packs, have you been able to make it, 
operationalize it? 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes. So, those challenges are taken care of and there is no effect of that on the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Capital. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So first question is on the Asepto. So, you mentioned that you are increasing the capacity from 
9 to 12 billion packs come in the next season. But given the growth that you have posted in 
Asepto, post-commissioning of the second-line, even this new 3 billion packs may run out in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
next one to two years. So, are you already considering any expansion plans in terms of 
brownfield, greenfield for the Asepto division? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Nothing on the hanging as of now. So, right now what we are concentrating is on the low-
hanging fruits. And the lowest hanging is that if you can do from 9 to 12 without any 
substantial investment. I think, that’s the way to go. Nothing firmed up on any subsequent 
green or brownfield expansion as of now. 
Chirag Singhal: 
And what about the margins, in the past you have mentioned that Asepto generates roughly 
about 20% to 25% of EBITDA margin. So, going-forward also we can expect? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Roughly at about 20%  
Chirag Singhal: 
 
So, 20%, is a sustainable margin going-forward? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, looks like there will be and ups and downs season versus non-season. But our blended 
average of 20% will be a good estimate. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sir, my next question is on the interest costs. So, interest cost, especially if I look at the consol 
minus standalone, debt has gone up substantially. So, it is INR 40 crores in the previous 
quarter which has gone to roughly INR 65 crores in the Q3. So, is this because of the higher-
cost of debt, or because I think most of your expansions in the overseas have been 
commissioned. None of the expansion would have been commissioned in Q3. So, is this 
because of the cost of debt going up? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Both factors. one, is the cost of debt has gone up, especially if you look at Nigeria where we 
had  almost doubled, the cost of debt. Then we look at even the dollar-denominated or euro-
denominated debt, while we spreads fix, but SOFR and other benchmarks have gone up, so 
first is that. And second is we commissioned the CPP facility in Dharwad, we commissioned 
the CPP in Dubai as well. 
So, those two extra capacities coming on-stream and wherever there was a capex related those 
things having come on-stream. So, that debt interest costs has been added, but a very large part 
of that increase this quarter has been on account of Nigeria increasing its interest rates 
substantially. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So, on an overall level, if you can give the cost of debt that we can work with for the coming 
fiscal as in, in the Indian business, as well as in the overall overseas business, what will be the 
cost of debt? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, if you see, current quarter on a consolidated basis, our debt, it’s 133 crores so if we -- 
consider at consol level its INR 4500 crores so, it is about 12%. India debt rates have also gone 
up. There also there is some impact, but because we have not added any substantial debt in 
India so, India numbers is INR 45 crores this quarter, last quarter was INR 41 crores, a year 
before it was INR 40 crores, so the impact is not much in the India business, because that 
number there itself is not very substantial. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
So, but in India, whatever is the impact of the debt, that may be largely because of the 
increases we’ve seen in the last few quarters and the CPP at Dharwad coming into the 
commercial production and that number adding to the interest costs. 
Chirag Singhal: 
This INR 4,500 crores of debt that you mentioned, this is net debt, not the gross debt? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
This is the net debt. 
Chirag Singhal: 
And how are you looking at spreads in especially in the overseas operations, because as far as I 
understand, most of the BOPET capacities that have come up is in China and India, especially. 
So, are you seeing like strongest spreads in the overseas operations and do you feel that it has 
bottomed-out and you’re already seeing some sort of an improvement in the coming quarters? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think, that’s what I said to begin with. Q3 was the worst. A lot of factors came together  so, 
I’ll have to use the word, probably the entire universe conspired to reduce the margin. We had 
the raw-material cost going down. Obviously, you carry some inventory all-the-time. So, there 
are inventory losses which are built into this. The raw-material prices came down, so did the 
finished goods prices, the consumption came down that led to the price, still the more pricing 
pressures. 
So, I think, everything that extra capacities came on stream and people everybody buying for 
the reduced shelf-space. So, all that has happened in the Q3 and probably that’s what I said 
earlier, this seems -- the work seems to be over. And Q4 and Q1, Q2 FY24 onwards we’ll look 
for better volumes as well as the margin, both in India as well as Off-shore. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So, just one last question before I join back-in the queue. This INR 4500 crores of total forex 
impact which we saw in Q3 so, was this full notional impact or I mean, was this like a non-
cash loss? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think most of it is non-cash loss. So, there are like Egypt devalued its currency twice in the 
last 12 months. So, that INR 84 crores impact is taken as an exceptional item, but the impact 
on the currency on account of two reasons, then comes one is the translation losses, when you 
work-in a particular country in the local-currency and then you convert that into dollar and 
then from that dollar to rupee to your reporting currency. 
So, those kind of things are mostly notional in nature because your effective currency remain 
the local currency and you have the surpluses there, which you keep on reinvesting there in 
those markets. A digit kind of a devaluation ultimately helps you also because, any devaluation 
largely means, while it has an impact of the shorter tenure on your numbers. But it insulates 
you from any onslaught of imports into that country. 
So, I think we not too worried about -- because we work-in all these countries so, and we have 
to take those currency fluctuations into account, we simply can’t work in the dollar. Like in 
India you can’t sell to a customer, based in the dollar value. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
And so, is in Egypt,Mexico and Nigeria in some of these territories work. But if you convert 
those numbers back into the dollars, obviously, the things will look in a -- from a different 
perspective. But most of this would be a substantial part of this is notional only. 
Moderator: 
We’ll move onto the next question that is from the line of Abhimanyu Rathore from KC 
Advisors. 
Abhimanyu Rathore: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is on the Aseptic Packaging business. Sir, 
given the growth that the businesses division is registering and the margin profile. I just 
wanted to understand that, is there any internal discussion on delisting the business as a 
separate entity or a subsidiary? Or what are the plans for the division going ahead? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think, given the current size of the business, we don’t think that there’ll be any opportunity 
here to separate this business. We will surely look at the markets for the next couple of years. 
And if there are any capacity expansions that we announced to ensure that we gain the -- we 
look-forward to strengthening our position in India as well as the kind of impetus we’ve got in 
the overseas markets. 
So, at that point in time when it becomes the substantial business, yes, there may be thought. 
But if you ask me at this stage, no, there is no way that you will consider separating this 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from Anubhuti Advisors LLP. 
Rushabh Shah: 
 
Yes. So, any update with respect to a listing of our overseas subsidiaries? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Okay. So, I think we’ve been in touch with our bankers and currently, there does not seem to 
be any opportunity, but going-forward, in Q3, of  FY‘24 we will again reassess the situation, 
that remains on cards for us. And with that we’ve done a lot of work in the past be it audits or 
other things, we’ve done enough. And as and when there is an opportunity, we will surely look 
at those markets, but Q3 is our earliest -- when I say Q3 is ’24, FY ‘24 is what I mean to say. 
Rushabh Shah: 
 
Quarter 3 of FY ‘24? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
 
Yes, quarter 3 of FY ‘24. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I’ll now hand the conference over to the management for the 
closing comments. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thanks everybody for being on the call. And we’re really a bit surprised by what happened in 
Q3 in terms of the Packaging Films business especially overseas. And fortunate that because of 
the diversified nature of the business, elsewhere, the business was strong. Their exchange 
losses which are not in our control and their transmission losses, as well as the losses, when 
you convert, we have the liabilities from certain currency into the reporting currency, which is 
a rupee, which are again mostly the notional losses. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UFlex Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
So, I don’t sort of -- I look at this quarter’s performance from a positive perspective in the 
looking at the Packaging business, Flexible Packaging, which has not been doing so well in the 
few years. Aseptic Packaging business, which is breaking the barriers and as we look at 
finding opportunities from the existing plant as to how do we increase and utilize this plant 
more to deliver more to the offshore markets, where our Aseptic business is now making a 
good strong hold. So, that the non seasonable, when the non-season in India, we’ll still able to 
utilize the plants fully. 
So, there have been more positive, there had been negatives, which are more market driven 
and situation arising out-of-the aggressive US Fed policy as well as Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
And which we have reasons to believe that on a given another quarter, even those numbers will 
be back on that track. That’s what in nutshell is the Q3 about and the guidance for the Q4. 
Beyond that currently, we are not in a position to sort of give you any further insight, we can 
only say that in terms of the business, the India business, is insulated from the rest of the world 
currently and we’ll continue to do so for the Q4, as well as for the FY ‘24 as well. 
Sachin Bobade: 
 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thanks everybody on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Dolat Capital Market Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
