Qr 
{fiJ LT/Mindtree
    May 2, 2023 
The BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
LTI M/SE/STAT /2023-24/23 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on April 27, 2023 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on April 27, 2023. 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
IMindtree Limited 
(Tridib Barat) '
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
LTIMindtree Limited 
Former1y Larsen & Toubro lnfotech L1m1tedl 
Branch Office: Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Sak, V,har Road. Powa,. Mumbai - 400072. Maharashtra, :NDIA. T +91 22 6776 6176 F +91 22 4313 0997 
Registered Office: l& T House, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001, INDIA 
www lt1m111dtree.com I Ema,l. lnfo@lt,m,ndtree com I CIN· L72900MH1996PLC104693 
l TIMmdtree Lirrnted is d subsidiary of L,:1rKen & ToubLo L1m1ted 

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“LTIMindtree Limited's Q4 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing 
Director 
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President (Markets) 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
9 LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Nitin Mohta: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTIMindtree Quarter 4 and FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
Today, on the call, we have with us Mr. Debashis Chatterjee - Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director; Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets; Mr. Nachiket Deshpande - 
Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Vinit Teredesai - Chief Financial Officer. 
Let me outline the agenda for today's call. We will begin with a brief overview of the Company's 
quarter 4 and fiscal '23 performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the 
environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed in today’s call. We do not undertake to update 
any forward-looking statements made on the call. 
I'll now turn the call over to DC for his opening remarks. Over to you, DC. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. 
Thank you for joining us today. Before I start, I would like to take a moment to appreciate our 
85,000 highly dedicated professionals, spread across 30-plus countries. Their vision, technical 
expertise and superior execution capabilities continue to help clients reimagine outcomes, drive 
innovation and realize cost efficiencies in a complex and convergent digital landscape. Their 
commitment to excellence ensures we take our clients to the future, faster, together.  
I'm happy to share that the merger between erstwhile LTI and erstwhile Mindtree was completed 
in a record time of less than seven months. We have started operating under a unified system 
and processes since 1st of April 2023, establishing the base for realizing the envisioned 
synergies. It is noteworthy to mention that our robust performance is on the back of significant 
global uncertainties, macroeconomic challenges, and our merger integration.  
We reported a strong FY '23 with Y-o-Y revenue growth of 19.9% in constant currency and 
17.2% in dollar terms. The growth was broad based driven by solid performance across all our 
verticals and geographies. The industry-leading performance was underpinned by the strength 
in our largest vertical, BFSI, which grew at 23% Y-o-Y in dollar terms in FY '23, even amidst a 
challenging macro environment.  
We are also pleased to share that High-Tech, Media and Entertainment, our second largest 
vertical hit US$1 billion in revenues for FY '23, growing 14.5%. Geographically, North America 
continues to be our strongest market, registering a Y-o-Y growth of 21.5% in FY '23. Our 
business in this significant region has attained a substantial scale accruing an annual revenue of 
US$3 billion. For the full year, Europe grew at 14.1% Y-o-Y in constant currency, but due to 
the foreign exchange impact, reported growth in this geography was 3.9% in dollar terms.  
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Thinking about Q4, our revenues came in at a healthy US$1.06 billion, up 13.5% Y-o-Y in 
constant currency and 11.9% in reported dollar terms. Our EBIT margins for Q4 came in at 
16.4%, up 250 basis points Q-o-Q in line with the trajectory that we had communicated during 
our Q3 results. We added 31 new clients during Q4 and notably increased our count of US$50 
million plus customers by two to 13. Our order inflow for the quarter came in at US$1.35 billion, 
helping us close the full-year order inflow at US$ 4.87 billion.  
Our expanded and diversified capabilities combined with enhanced scale are creating significant 
cross-sell and upsell opportunities, cementing our partnership status as an industry leader with 
our existing clients. We are now a formidable contender for strategic partnerships with new 
clients through multi-year and multi-tower deals. While we do observe a cautious approach 
towards technology spending in general, owing to macro uncertainties, clients' focus on 
leveraging technology for enhanced competitiveness remains intact. These clients’ goals hold a 
significant long-term upside for our full stack end-to-end capabilities. We are already seeing a 
growing trend of these where savings from efficiencies are being used to fund in-flight 
transformation projects. Let me give you an example. onsemi, a global leader in intelligent power 
and image sensing technologies has chosen LTIMindtree as a strategic service provider for 
developing its next-generation enterprise IT support platform. This multiyear deal will involve 
LTIMindtree collaborating with onsemi's IT team to drive innovation and increase efficiency. 
The IT transformation is part of onsemi's broader strategy to streamline operations and invest in 
growth areas such as electric vehicles, ADAS, alternative energy and industrial automation.  
With our robust next-generation delivery capabilities and continued focus on innovation and 
agility, we are confident that we will capitalize on several such exciting opportunities that FY 
'24 will present. For instance, one next-generation capability where we have made significant 
investment and progress is Generative AI. We firmly believe that Generative AI will create the 
next phase of the autonomous enterprise. We have launched our Gen AI platform, which will 
allow enterprises to accelerate their concept-to-value journey with a focus on ethical use of 
generative AI, sustainability, and data privacy. Several marquee customers include a top global 
bank, a multi-national CPG leader and a leading insurance brokerage are already leveraging each 
for their unique needs.  
With that, let me now turn to our Businesses: 
Our Banking, Financial Services and Insurance business grew 20.1% Y-o-Y in Q4. The banking 
industry is currently focused on cost takeout programs, with an emphasis on cash conservation. 
Some clients have temporary hiring freezes in place. In Insurance, the core modernization and 
consolidation programs that we are currently part of give us growth visibility. Our BFSI deal 
pipeline is promising with several large deals in the final stages. 
In Q4, our High-Tech, Media and Entertainment business grew 2.8% Y-o-Y. The High-Tech 
industry is focusing on customer support, subscription management and product engineering. 
While the decision-making timelines remain extended, vendor consolidation has been driving 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
up deal sizes. We are favorably positioned here, evident from our success with our new logo, 
onsemi. 
Our Manufacturing and Resources business grew 12.4% Y-o-Y in Q4. In the Automotive space, 
we look forward to gaining from vendor consolidation and expanding with our unique industry 
solutions. In the energy industry, stable commodity prices are incentivizing clients to persist 
with investments towards digital transformation. We are seeing this trend across the energy value 
chain of upstream, midstream, and downstream with focus on improving operational efficiency, 
health and safety and lowering carbon footprint. 
For Q4, our Retail CPG, Travel, Transportation and Hospitality business grew 9.5% Y-o-Y. 
Higher interest rates and sticky inflation has led to reduced consumer confidence and spending. 
This has an impact on the IT spend in Retail and CPG. We are helping clients achieve operational 
resilience through automation and opex reduction. Our focus on omnichannel and commerce 
capabilities continues to give us unique opportunities in the current business environment. 
In the Travel, Transportation and Hospitality business, airlines, hotel, and car rental companies 
continue to see strong business activity. Our Health, Life Sciences and Public Services business 
grew 6.8% Y-o-Y in Q4. In Healthcare, we will maintain our emphasis on value-based care and 
expand our coverage across product engineering and testing. In the Life Sciences industry, the 
focus is on aggressively cross selling and upselling our ERP CRM and digital engineering 
services. 
In terms of geographies, America contributed 71.9%, Europe contributed 15.4% and Rest of the 
World contributed 12.7% of our revenues for the quarter. There has been no significant 
cancellations or deferment of projects from any of our clients, indicating the strength of our 
client relationships and our value proposition. There is also considerable activity in SAP digital 
and data services, especially the move to the cloud, which presents exciting opportunities for the 
company to expand. 
As a people-powered organization, we value our employees and their contribution to our success. 
We remain grateful to our dedicated team of skilled professionals who have ensured client 
satisfaction and flawless delivery even in the midst of a large merger and integration. 
Our attrition continues to trend lower, largely in line with what the industry is also experiencing. 
Our quarterly annualized attrition stood at 13.7%, a significant improvement of 440 basis points 
over the previous quarter, bringing our LTM attrition down to 20.2%. Our return to office 
program is progressing well. Opening new satellite offices has proven an effective talent strategy 
and we remain committed to regularly reviewing and refining our approach. 
We have been recognized as One of the Best Organizations for Women in 2023 by The 
Economic Times. I'm also proud to inform that we have been recognized at the DivHERsity 
Awards 2023 for the Top 5 Most Innovative Practices in the Women L&D Programs and Top 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
20 Most Innovative Practices in the Women Returnee Program categories. These recognitions 
validate our tireless efforts in building a truly inclusive environment, where every individual 
feels valued, respected, and empowered regardless of gender and other differences. 
With this, I will now turn over the call to Vinit for the financial highlights. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, DC. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. It is great to be with 
all of you again for our quarterly and annual earnings. 
We ended the fiscal year 2023 on a strong note. Revenue stood at US$4.1 billion, registering a 
growth of 17.2% in dollar terms. The corresponding constant currency growth was 19.9%. EBIT 
margin was 16.2% compared to 17.8% in FY '22. PAT margin was at 13.3% compared to 15.1% 
in FY '22. The absolute PAT was INR 4,410 crores. EPS for the full year was INR 149.10, an 
increase of 11.5% over FY '22. The effective tax rate for the full year was 23.8%.  
Let me now take you through the Financial Highlights for Q4 FY'23. 
Our revenues stood at US$1.06 billion, up 11.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. The corresponding constant 
currency growth was 13.5%. The Q-o-Q growth was 1% in dollar terms and 0.7% in constant 
currency terms. EBIT margins came in at 16.4% compared to 13.9% in the previous quarter. We 
had indicated last quarter that our margins would expand by 200 to 250 basis points, and we are 
pleased to deliver at the higher end of that range. The following three factors equally contributed 
to the sequential improvement in margins; absence of furloughs and higher working days in Q4, 
80 bps; lower integration cost compared to Q3, 80 bps and operational efficiency and 
productivity improvement, 90 bps. 
Net Forex loss for the quarter was US$6.4 million compared to a gain of US$5.9 million in the 
previous quarter. PAT margin for the quarter was 12.8%, compared to 11.6% in the previous 
quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 22.9%, compared to 23.6% in Q3 FY '23. Basic 
EPS was INR 37.70 for the quarter compared to INR 33.80 in Q3 FY '23. In Q4, the billed DSO 
stood at 60 days compared to 61 days in the previous quarter. The DSO including unbilled 
revenue was at 91 days compared to 90 days in the previous quarter.  
For the quarter, the operating cash flow to PAT substantially increased to 88.5% versus 65.8% 
in the previous quarter. Our robust cash management led to cash and investment balance of US$ 
1.02 billion or INR 8,355 crores compared to INR 8,086 crores in Q3 FY '23. This increase in 
ending cash balance is post payment of INR 591 crores as interim dividend during Q4. 
Return on equity for the quarter was 28.6% versus 30.3% in Q3. Our utilization excluding 
trainees in the quarter was 81.7% compared to 82.9% in the previous quarter. As of March 31, 
2023, our cash flow hedges stood at US$3,840 million, hedges on the balance sheet were US$ 
441 million. The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR 40 per share, 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
subject to shareholders' approval, taking our overall dividend for the full financial year to INR 
60 per share. 
As DC mentioned earlier, effective 1st April, we are operating under one unified systems and 
policies. In line with this, we are also refreshing and publishing our ESG goals as LTIMindtree. 
The same is detailed in our Investor deck. Let me share some key goals that we have set for 
ourselves. The document on sustainability includes replacing 85% of current energy usage with 
renewable energy by 2030, 100% waste recycling and becoming water positive by 2030. We are 
pleased to share that in Q4 our Bengaluru and Chennai facilities were awarded the CII National 
Award on Efficient Energy Usage. These awards validate our commitment to the goals we have 
pledged on ESG front. 
I now hand it back to DC for the business outlook.  
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Vinit. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about our prospects. While Q1 FY '24 
performance may see some impact of continued slow client decision-making, our strong value 
proposition, robust order book and steady pipeline buildup gives us confidence that we shall still 
be able to deliver industry-leading, double-digit revenue growth for FY '24.  
One of the areas that we are particularly excited about is the cross-sell and upsell opportunities 
in existing accounts and our concentrated mining efforts on our Focus 100 accounts. By 
leveraging our expertise and scale across a range of industries and technologies, we have been 
able to create positive momentum and drive growth across our client base. 
In addition, our unified transformation solution is helping customers in their transformation 
journeys across value chains, stacks, and ecosystems. This is particularly important as businesses 
continue to face increasing pressure to do more with less. With our deep expertise, commitment 
to innovation and collaboration and focus on delivering value to our clients, we are confident 
that we will continue to drive growth and success in the future. 
Let me now open this call for questions. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, DC. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just wanted to understand entering into FY 2024, is there any large client-specific issue which 
you foresee within your top 20 clients? And can you explain the same with the decline in this 
quarter within top 5 clients and top 11 to 20 clients, what has led to this as a whole? And also 
outlook for the High-Tech entering into FY '24 with some of your large clients are announcing 
layoffs at a regular interval, so will it be a spoilsport in terms of the growth rates for FY '24 in 
terms of High-Tech, for you versus company average as a whole? And second, in terms of the 
margin outlook, how do we see from Q4 levels how the margin will shape up in the first half, as 
well as second half of the financial year?  
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Sandeep, let me just go one-by-one. Your first question was, any specific issues with any clients 
in the top 20? I don't think there is any specific issue with any of the clients. In fact, if you look 
at the overall revenues of the clients from FY '22 to FY '23, you will see that the revenues have 
grown, which means our efforts of mining is working very well with those clients. What was 
your next question? 
Sandeep Shah: 
If there are no large client-specific issues, then are you also witnessing the same within the High-
Tech vertical as a whole because one of your large clients has been announcing layoff at regular 
intervals?  
Debashis Chatterjee: 
If you look at our overall High-Tech portfolio, there is nothing, which is specifically bothering 
us. In fact, for some of our clients there could be opportunities for us. But only one thing I can 
say is that some of the decision-making in terms of start of the project, there have been a little 
delay. We have actually won opportunities where we need to just get them started. So overall, 
again, I don't think there is any specific concern or specific client-specific concern in terms of 
our High-Tech portfolio. And in terms of margin, let me ask Vinit to answer that.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, Sandeep, as we have mentioned this in the past, our aspiration is basically to return to same 
margin levels as what both the independent companies were operating prior to merger that is in 
the 17% to 18% range, though we don't want to call it out, but given that this mathematics is 
probably available. That is the aspiration at which we want to operate. We'll probably have a 
little bit of a slow start and we'll catch up during the year and get to that 17% to 18% range.  
Sandeep Shah: 
DC, your comment about this year's growth rate being double-digit, so the ask rate if I'm not 
wrong on a constant currency for the next four quarters is 2.7% with 1Q growth is likely to be 
tepid. So there would be heavy lifting required from 2Q to 4Q, what gives you confidence 
regarding the same?  
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Well, I think if I look at the deal activity which is happening currently, that gives us the 
confidence and I'll let Sudhir also chime in. But overall, our pipeline is very strong, our order 
book is very strong. And the couple of things that I called out in my opening remarks is, for 
example, we have good opportunities in BFSI, but couple of clients have kind of gone through 
some freeze and we are hoping that by end of Q1, those freezes will open up, so we should be 
able to ramp up. But overall, our deal activity is very, very strong. Sudhir, do you want to 
comment? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yeah, absolutely. So, DC as you said, the order intake is up between quarters by 21% to US$ 
1.35 billion. In Q2 the large deal pipeline you all will remember that we shared a number of US$ 
3.2 billion during our Investor Day, that's up to US$3.6 billion now. So, the combination of order 
intake and continuing activity on the large deals is what gives us confidence.  
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain.  
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Mohit Jain: 
So, the first one was related to pricing for the quarter, specifically, Q4. Now, headcount is 
slightly down, utilization lower, revenues up, so how should we read this disconnect? Is there a 
different base or some other revenue that you've got during the quarter, which is pulling this 
number up? And then, I'll have a follow-up.  
Nachiket Deshpande: 
If you see, Mohit, the main reason for the headcount difference is the attrition as you would see 
has significantly dropped in Q4, and at the same time as we were combining both the 
organizations, we had reduced our lateral intake in Q3 and Q4 as the bench from the organization 
was coming together and we were getting a better idea about the scale distribution of that bench. 
That's kind of resulted in reduced headcount.  
Mohit Jain: 
But is there a volume drop during the quarter, or pricing is stable and there's a volume increase 
of 0.7%?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Pricing is pretty much stable. Just remember as DC has mentioned that in his opening remarks 
that the nature of the deals and the revenue profile is changing from the transformation to the 
cost takeouts, to that extent that's the change that is coming in. But otherwise, the pricing that 
we are getting is pretty much stable.  
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And the follow-up is on vertical like I was really scared of BFSI, but you did well, and I 
thought Hi-Tech will be okay but Hi-Tech was really bad during the year. So, what exactly is 
happening there, and do you expect this to reverse in 1Q? Like when you say there is a freeze, 
et cetera, is it primarily in BFSI or do you think that will continue in Hi-Tech as well?  
Debashis Chatterjee: 
I think if I look at BFSI, BFSI has grown for the full year at 23% and Hi-Tech and M&E together 
has grown around 14.5%. So, I think both the verticals have done well. And we just talked about 
onsemi, which is a deal that we have signed is in the Hi-Tech, so essentially there are more 
opportunities in Hi-Tech. The activity is pretty strong. But all that we are saying is we will see 
a bit of a lull in the Q1 purely because of the fact that some clients are going through some freeze 
where we know that we need to start this engagement, but we cannot. So, it's a delayed start 
rather than anything else. And we are very hopeful that all these issues will get resolved in Q1, 
so we should be able to get onto the rhythm as far as Q2 is concerned. But otherwise, we are still 
very confident about the overall situation with respect to the pipeline that we have in BFSI as 
well as Hi-Tech.  
                                                Sudhir, you want to add anything? 
Mohit Jain: 
That you will grow 1Q, right? That's what you're looking at it.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
So, I would say, don't look at us on a Q-o-Q basis, look at on a Y-o-Y basis and that's what I 
think DC was alluding to. We have consistently grown. One quarter might be up for one vertical, 
one quarter might be not as good as other. 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, what I mean to ask is at the company level, we'll still expect you to grow in Q1 whatever is 
the number. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes, definitely. 
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question we will take from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
So, my question is to Sudhir. Standing out from the rest of the industry and despite going through 
the integration process, your deal booking on a sequential basis has been very good. So, I was 
just trying to understand, is there any seasonality, which helped you here because we don't really 
know the prior year Q3 to Q4 deal booking sort of trends. Is there any seasonality that helped 
you here, or it is just that you have just seen closures to be very good despite the challenging 
macro and that's what is resulting in the numbers? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. But there is no seasonality here, Sudheer, but I think what we have is we do have renewals 
in this, which is actually a good sign, right, which means that client satisfaction is good and 
we're renewing these contracts, so which also gives us that stability both from an order intake 
perspective as well as our future revenue growth perspective. So, I think that's really reflected 
in both. And the deal wins are starting to show, especially as you see this quarter's order intake, 
it reflects some large deal wins like the onsemi deal that DC just spoke about.  
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, Sudhir. And then if you were to just look at the net new part within this and any broader 
color even if you don't want to quantify them, how the trend has been from Q3 to Q4?  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Actually, we look at order intake, right. We are seeing good all round order intake. It's across 
verticals and it's across regions, which is the broad-based growth comment that we made. The 
thing with the order intake is the only the additional color I'll provide is that this is more in the 
efficiency space, the cost takeout space, and therefore these involve transitions, and these will 
involve a slower ramp across the year, right, as these kind of deals are usually take over from 
either vendor consolidation or clients consolidating their own operations. So, it does take a little 
bit of time to ramp up as well as make sure that the transitions complete first and then we start 
to build these clients. So that's the additional color in terms of order intake. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, Sudhir. And one last question to DC, if I may. So, DC, as individual entities, we have 
always been guiding for industry-leading growth but now our base has almost doubled, so there 
is some mathematical optics related to it. Despite that it's impressive that you are still calling out 
for industry-leading growth. And one more thing, this time peculiar in FY '24 about the industry 
is that there has been a huge divergence with some companies guiding for 3% to 6% growth all 
the way up to mid-teens. So, when you talk about industry-leading growth in that kind of a 
backdrop and with a much higher base, again, any further color on that?  
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. Well, I think when I say industry-leading, what we mean by that is in the industry-leading 
quadrant. Are we one of those companies which are showing the growth in that quadrant. And 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
we are very confident that we want to stay there. And that's why I said that in spite of little bit 
of softness in Q1, we are very confident that we should be able to take it to a double-digit growth 
and we want to convert that double-digit growth into industry leading as far as FY '24 is 
concerned. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Next, we will take the question from the line of Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Congrats on a very strong margin expansion. So, DC, my question was to maybe you and Sudhir. 
As already we've discussed, we've had a very strong deal flow in this quarter as compared to Q-
on-Q at least. Now, one of the concerns that is paramount in the industry at this point of time is 
that while deals are being awarded, I mean, you yourselves had two large deals announcements 
very recently, lot of the competitors are also announcing large deals. So, the concern that is there 
is that many of these deals are being awarded, but their execution timeline is not very certain. 
The client is not yet giving a certainty as to when to start execution on this deal, this might get 
delayed. So, are we also facing that in deal flows at that deals that we have won? And is that 
what is adding to the uncertainty in FY '24? And a related question is that we've always talked 
about size helping us win large deals. We've announced a couple of large deals in the past month 
or so. So, I mean any more color on that as to how the progress on that front is happening in 
terms of our increased size helping us win more large deals. 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
Yes. See, first of all, let me just give you a color of what is happening in the marketplace. If you 
look at large deals, many of the deals that we are pursuing right now are more efficiency play, 
which is, in other words, cost takeout. And many of these cost takeout deals as Sudhir articulated 
has as a transition, and when you do the transition you kind of ramp it up, ramp up the deals, and 
then the real billings take a little bit of time to start. And what you're seeing right now in certain 
situations is, everything is decided, but the start date is a little delayed, and we are very hopeful 
that will ease off over a period of time. So that's the situation. It's more cost takeout deals, which 
in a way, is good because these deals tend to be multi-year and which is exactly what we're doing 
with onsemi, but it's more of a delayed start rather than anything else. So that's what the scenario 
is which probably is very similar across the market, across the industries. And in terms of size, 
we are very confident that the size and scale and the capabilities that we have, it's not just the 
size, it's the capabilities that we have as an integrated organization is something that will help us 
in terms of getting a seat on the table, and whenever there is a large deal, we should be able to 
compete within any kind of situation. I think that's what we mean. We are already seeing some 
results and we are very confident that as we go along, we will be seeing more of these scenarios. 
Sudhir, Nachiket, you want to add anything? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No. I think you've covered it. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sure. Just one small follow-up question to either Nachiket or Vinit if I can. With the increased 
size of the integrated workforce, do we expect the sub-con expense to come down? I know it's 
not basically exceptionally high as compared to the industry for both the individual companies 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
that we had, but do you think that with the integrated workforce we could see that coming down 
as a percentage of revenue over the next couple of years? 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
Vibhor, as you indicated, it is already relatively low for us as compared to some of our peers and 
we continue to remain focused on trying to reduce that. And some bit of bench availability will 
hopefully also help that, so that is an ongoing program for us. We are not targeting a particular 
percentage or a reduction, but we continue to look for opportunities where we can reduce. 
Nitin Mohta: 
We will take the next question from the line of Sulabh Govila. 
Sulabh Govila: 
So, my first question is regarding the revenue growth this quarter. I'm just trying to understand 
given that the furloughs have reversed, which were there last quarter and there were no major 
cancellations and deferments that you mentioned earlier, so what's the reason for sequential soft 
revenue growth this quarter? I mean you mentioned there is some freeze in BFSI, but could you 
elaborate on the nature of softness that we've seen in Hi-Tech vertical? I mean this is within 
which service lines within Hi-Tech, and is that concentrated to few clients or it's more broad-
based?  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. So, I think if we look at this quarter, right, you will see that the things that we talked about, 
the delayed decision making and the slower pace of some of these ramp-ups as well as the 
freezes, that's the reason why there are some hiring freezes in place as clients are going through 
their own cycles. Certain clients have some hiring freezes in place, so that's what's reflected in 
this quarter. And we've been focused on making sure that our order intake remains strong and 
that our book of business across the board, right, including our existing book of business remains 
intact as well as we grow it with the new order intake. So that's been the focus. As the macro 
environment improves and we see clients start to release budgets, which we expect in the coming 
quarters, that's when we'll start to see some of that, which is what gives us the confidence for the 
full year growth as well. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Sure. And with respect to Hi-Tech, any comments on the Hi-Tech vertical? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
See, I think if you look at Hi-Tech, right, they're also going through a cycle of efficiency as DC 
said. So, we are focused on the deals activity that we're seeing in the Hi-Tech space, and frankly, 
we're seeing some good deal activity. So that's the nature. I think, see, quarterly phenomenon 
there'll be some ups and downs, but as DC said, on a Y-o-Y basis, Hi-Tech grew 14.5%. We are 
seeing some good deal activity, so on a full year FY '24 basis, we still think there is good 
potential for us to grow Hi-Tech. It's a US$1 billion-plus business for us and we have really 
strong presence and strong capabilities, so we will continue to leverage that. 
Sulabh Govila: 
And just a quick follow-up on the outlook. One is that this outlook that you provided for the full 
year, do you think that is going to be more broad-based across verticals or it's specific to one 
vertical versus the other? Plus, on the 1Q softness that we talked about, is it going to be relative 
to 4Q performance or versus the historical 1Q trend that we've seen? 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Debashis Chatterjee: 
I think as far as the first quarter performance is concerned, I think some of the behaviors that we 
have seen, as Sudhir articulated, some of the freeze and all those things, that is that kind of 
continuing and we are hoping that all those things will ease off by the end of Q1, so that's where 
we feel that there could be some softness. And I think at this point of time, it is fair to assume 
that we are just talking with respect to the economic conditions that's existing in Q4 kind of 
extending into Q1. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
DC, just one build on it that we do have a license component that exists in Q4, which we will 
not have in Q1. So, what we are focused on is the like-for-like services growth in Q1. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Next question we will take from the line of Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
I just had a question with regards to the way our headcount metrics have been trending. In FY 
'23 you were adding freshers across both the heritage Mindtree and heritage LTI organization, 
and this quarter we've seen headcount decline. So how do you think about our delivery going 
into FY '24 given the best that we have? And if you could also talk about any plans for fresher 
additions for the next year. 
Nachiket Deshpande: 
So, Manik, as I said I think we had paused our fresher intake in Q3 and Q4 as well as reduced 
our lateral hiring in those two quarters as we were consolidating bench from both the 
organizations and getting better visibility into the skill sets that are available as a consolidated 
company, which we have done over this quarter. So, as I said previously, we are now going back 
to our usual campus onboarding plan. So going into FY '24, we will continue our FY '24 
onboarding plan as earlier set out. We typically onboard most of our freshers in the first three 
quarters of the year and that's what would be our plan in FY '24 as well. 
Manik Taneja: 
And one last question for Vinit. I was just looking at your segment profitability. If you could 
help us understand what drove the sequential increase in terms of our margins on the 
Manufacturing and Resources side, and simultaneously the increase on the Health, Life Sciences 
and Public Services side? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
There is no specific seasonality or anything or change in the trend. As new people get added, the 
average cost keeps on moving. Sometimes the onsite-offshore ratio changes. That also sort of 
changes the overall margins, but no structural changes into any of these profiles. 
Nitin Mohta: 
We will take the last question from the line of Surendra Goyal. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes. So just a couple of questions. Firstly, what is the services growth in 4Q because, if I heard 
it correct, Sudhir did allude to some license component as well? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
We don't call that number out specifically. 
Surendra Goyal: 
And secondly Sudhir, a question for you. The pipeline has been consistently strong, and you 
guys have obviously done a terrific job there. But even the recent slowdown was not preceded 
@ LT/Mindtree 

 
LTIM Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
by any slowdown in the pipeline. So, what gives you comfort that the growth beyond 1Q will be 
strong to enable you to get to double-digit growth? Is it more hope that things improve or is it 
based on any data points that we should be aware of? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
See, there are three reasons why we feel that - large deal pipeline is up, conversions are up, order 
intake is up, and I think what's holding us back is, as I said, the delayed decision-making and 
some of the freezes. That's really what we're seeing. It’s actually a reflection of how they want 
to manage their calendar year '23 budget. We expect that to start to ease off towards the end of 
this quarter. And the reason is that clients still have a book of business to do. We've been very 
close to our clients; we've been meeting them and there is work to do except that budgets are 
being right now held back but we expect that to come back. And then, obviously, our deal ramp-
ups that we expect to see ramping up from Q2 onwards as part of this and because we're currently 
starting these transitions, right. We've announced two publicly as you know. There's onsemi and 
Curry's that we've announced publicly in addition to these, there are several other deals that we 
have won and that's why we feel that we will start to see this pickup from Q2 onwards. As you've 
seen traditionally, Q2, Q3 have been our stronger quarters and that's what we're focused. 
Nitin Mohta: 
We'll just take one question from the Q&A bridge that we have got. Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec has asked, when is the wage hike expected? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
We are planning to do the wage hike in the second quarter of the financial year, and it's expected 
to be, obviously, as per what the market demands, but if I want to call it out from a Y-o-Y 
perspective, it will be on percentage terms significantly lower than what it was in the past two 
years. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Well, thank you all for joining this call. You may now disconnect your lines. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Nitin Mohta, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: Nitin.Mohta@ltimindtree.com  
@ LT/Mindtree 
