 
 
                       
           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           Date:  15.02.2023 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
NSE Symbol: AVROIND 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543512 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors Conference Call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
the Investors Conference Call of Avro India Limited (‘the Company’) held on Monday, 13th 
February, 2023 at 12:15 p.m. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For AVRO INDIA LIMITED 
 
Sumit Bansal 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
M.No: A42433 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
  
 
SUMIT 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by 
SUMIT BANSAL 
Date: 2023.02.15 
18:16:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Avro India Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Results Conference Call” 
February 13, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
       
  
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN – AVRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SUPRIYA MADYE – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Results Conference Call of 
Avro India Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As reminder, all participants line 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Supriya Madye from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.  
Supriya Madye: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all on behalf of Kirin Advisors, the 
conference call of Avro India to discuss the performance for Q3 and nine months. From the 
management, we have Mr. Sushil Kumar Aggarwal, Chairman of the company. For opening 
remarks, I'm handing over the call to Mr. Sushil Kumar Aggarwal. Take it forward, sir. Over to 
you. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Supriya, and very good afternoon to you all, ladies, and gentlemen. It's such a 
pleasure again connecting, and I hope that we keep connecting like this every quarter. And I 
hope everybody is in inaudible 0:01:23] their health. So I welcome you all to the third quarter 
FY '23 conference con call.  
Avro India Limited is one of the largest manufacturers of plastic molded furniture in North India 
and amongst the Top 5 brands in the country. The product portfolio of the company includes 
household and officer molded chairs, tables, tools, Almira and so on and so forth. The products 
of the company are mainly known for is quality and durability along with the long-term warranty 
services. In fact, we are the only company to be offering three years guarantee on a couple of 
our plastic chair products and all that table, which none of other companies in the country have 
been able to offer. That's the hallmark of our quality. And our furniture is sold in two established 
brands, Avro, and Avon.  
As the third quarter is festive season, we normally see a good demand in the third quarter and 
fourth quarter. This strong demand helped us to grow and report 11% growth in the total income 
in the third quarter in comparison to the corresponding period of previous FY and contributing 
to the 37% growth in total income for nine months in comparison to the corresponding nine 
months of previous financial year.  
While the company has seen a rise in total income, our initiative of recycling plastic unit enabled 
us to control cost and report an operating margin of 10%-plus. We have commenced our new 
recycling plant with a capacity of 300 metric tons per month at Ghaziabad, which effect from 
22, December 2022. We have started using recycling plastic granules as our major raw material 
requirement. On full utilization of recycling unit, the benefits will be seen in terms of savings 
and cost, recycled plastics are 20% to 30% cheaper per kilo contributing to significant cost 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
savings and improvements in profit, which, of course, progressively we will witness as we go 
by with the expansion of our capacity.  
The demand for plastic material has been constantly increasing across several industries like 
food and beverage, automotive, packaging and health care. The development of these industries 
can be accredited to rising population, benefiting disposable incomes and continuous product 
innovation. The problem with plastic lies not in how it is used, which is generally harmless, but 
in end-of-life management of products made from it.  
India produces approximately 6 million metric tons of plastic waste every year, and this is 
expected to rise to 34 million tons by 2031. And this particular plastic goes into the roads, reverse 
chokes, plains, etcetera, and animals are killed. Therefore, it is highly important to reduce this 
waste for a sustainable environment and best use of plastic and plastic recycling are the solution 
to this issue. Products manufactured from plastics are usually non-biodegradable in nature and 
can lead to various environmental consent. In fact, it could be lasting for hundreds of years. 
Thus, recycling plastic helps us to reduce the amount of waste disposed at landfill site, thereby 
lowering the amount of greenhouse gas emissions released from lenses or manufacturing or fresh 
material.  
Further, high manufacturing cost of virgin resins have necessitated the use of recycled plastic 
products, thereby bolstering the growth of the global recycled plastic market. And in fact, if you 
had seen a notice that due to the disruption in supply chain management for quite some time, the 
price volatility in the commodity has been reducible high and huge and it's still -- it comes 
without any alarms. So this is a challenge that most of the manufactures are facing. And in fact, 
Government measures are expected to further facilitate the growth of recycled plastic market. 
Government is implementing policies and regulations for controlling waste production, 
encouraging the reuse, and recycling of plastic waste and encouraging systematic waste 
treatment.  
Government is also enforcing landfill taxes, waste disposable taxes, recycling credit seal, deposit 
refund systems, etcetera, to promote effective waste management. In fact, they're also 
implementing something called a EPR, which is Extended Producer Responsibility, whereby 
every brand producer or importer or manufacturer and owner all have to comply with the EPR 
regulations. And if they don't comply then by FY '24, 100% is the regulation. And if they don't 
complete, they'll have to pay penalty to the government. So this is the kind of enforcement that 
is happening in terms of recycled plastic to be used as many numbers of time as possible and 
bottle-to-bottle circle economy needs to be promoted or product to product.  
And the global recycling plastic recycle reached a volume of 72 million tons in 2021, growing 
at the CAGR of 4.9% during 2016 to 2021. It is expected that the global plastic recycle market 
will grow at a CAGR of 7.5% during 2022 to '27, reaching a volume of 111.5 million tons by 
2027. In 2021, Asia Pacific represented the largest plastic recycling market, accounting for 
49.1% of the total plastic recycled market followed by Europe, North America, Middle East and 
Africa and Latin America. Indian plastic recycle market reached a volume up 2.4 million tons 
in 2021, growing at a CAGR of 7% during 2016 to 2021. Studies indicate that the India plastic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
recycling market is supposed to grow at a CAGR of around 8.6% during 2022 to 2027, reaching 
a volume of 4 million tons by 2027.  
In 2021, North India, plastic recycle market produce a volume up 400,000 tons in 2021, 
representing a CAGR of 7.3% during 2016 and 2021, increased in industrialization and 
urbanization in northern region of India had a great impact on plastic demand, which augment 
the growth of plastic recycle markets. Furthermore, the rise in construction activity in the region 
is another factor contributed to the growth of market. Increase in residential, industrial, and 
commercial activities leads to more user plastic, which further propels the plastic recycling in 
the region.  
Looking forward, not in the plastic recycle market is expected to reach a volume of 683,000 tons 
by 2027, representing a CAGR of 8.8% during 2022 to 2027, rise in automobile and construction 
sector across North India are expected to fuel the plastic recycling market growth over the 
forecast period. Evolving lifestyle and rising disposable income of consumer across the region 
have fuelled the demand for food products and beverages where plastic is crucial, which augment 
the growth of recycled market in Northern India.  
Uttar Pradesh represented the largest plastic recycle market in North India, accounting for 42.1% 
of total North in the plastic recycle market. The increase of lightweight plastic components and 
awareness of plastics negative affection environment are driving the plastic recycling market. 
Furthermore, consistent support from the government and increasing penetration of recycled 
plastic product is presenting a lucrative opportunity for the plastic recycle market. Product 
portfolio expansion and cost minimization are the key drivers for future growth of business and 
its aspiration to become a market leader in coming times.  
 
I'm happy to inform you that your company has been awarded in the Pride of India Award 2023 
organized by Exchange for Media Agency at Gurgaon on 19, January 2023. This will award will 
continue to drive us getting more quality deliverable in future and being a part of Make in India.  
So let me quick take you through financial performance the reported quarter and nine months of 
FY '23. So the key financials at a glance are, this in third quarter FY '23, total income is at INR 
21.82 crores, which is up 10.65%. EBITDA is at INR 2.29 crores, up 73.48%, EBITDA margin 
at 10.49% versus 6.69%, PAT at INR 1.19 crores, up 138%. NPM at 5.45% versus 2.54%, EPS 
at INR 1.17- and nine-months FY '23 results are, total income is at INR 63.69 crores, up by 
36.88%. EBITDA at INR 6.55 crores, up by 148.11%. EBITDA margin at 10.28% versus 5.67%, 
PAT at INR 3.28 crores, up by 252.69%, NPM at 5.15% versus 2% and EPS at 3.25%. Now 
ladies and gentlemen, I open the floor for Q&A and all yours. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Raaj: 
I wanted to know how much of the sales come from Amazon, Flipkart and all those online 
channels?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Approximately, I don't have a clear data in front of me, but approximately 15% of the revenue 
comes from the online Flipkart and Amazon Misho, Jio and so forth. Besides the big box store 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
like Metro and others, which we are also selling at this point of time, but approximately 15% of 
revenue.  
Raaj: 
 
 
15% comes from your online sales, right?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Correct.  
Raaj: 
 
 
And how does the pricing goes over there, like how much you need to give to Amazon, Flipkart? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
So there are different-different commission parameters, certain companies, like for example, 
let's say, Pepperfry might charge 40%. But in the case of Amazon, we actually hand it over to 
their DCA, where they take care of everything. We don't have to actually do it directly to 
consumers. So we are giving them at a price which is far better than our distribution price that 
they sell it to the market. And we don't have to worry about whether they're actually giving a 
predatory pricing, reducing it, or increasing it, depending upon the kind of Big Billion Day Sales 
and all the things that they do that they take care of that.  
Raaj: 
And regarding FY '24. So can you give an approximate like, how would your sales and 
everything is going to look like?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Mr. Raaj, I would put it this way, that whatever last two, three years have been, it's been very, 
very tough for the entire industry for that matter. In spite of that, fortunately, our country has 
been able to grow sectorally. So we believe for the best result to come for us. And as you rightly 
said, FY '24, we expect a stellar growth in terms of top line and bottom-line growth, because we 
are elected to pick up volumes, why we are able to pick up the volumes, because we were only 
in North India focused company at some point of time. 
But now with expanding our footprint across entire India, we have set up our base in Bangalore, 
in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, including Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, 
Chhattisgarh, Odisha, West Bengal. These are the kind of markets, which we were actually not 
dealing or not selling earlier, but so we started expanding. So we believe in the next two quarters 
or so, we expect that this distribution will certainly get established. 
And then progressively, the volume that will get driven to that will add to the top line. Besides 
the recycling, since we are doing in-house ourselves and the entire production is being 
consumed, self-consumed, we are not actually selling it right now. So what happens is our cost 
of raw material procurement goes down. So one way we are increasing the top line because of 
the sale and the increase in the production. 
Second is we also reduce cost of the raw material. So when it becomes an integrated process 
system, we will be the only company, and I'm saying, again, to be the only company in the entire 
country to have this value chain from post-consumer plastic scrap to the final product at let's 
say, even in the JioMart, Misho, or even distribution of little market for that brand. 
Raaj: 
 
 
And how much cash do you have currently as on Q3 end?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I did not see that, but I believe whatever cash flow that we have at this point -- I'm not very sure, 
but I would put it this way, that normally, we don't carry too much of cash in the bank. We keep 
selling it to the suppliers because we need to ensure that the chain continues, and we ensure that 
in our suppliers. For example, our supplier -- our sundry creditors are very low at this point of 
time, because we believe in paying in time and getting the material at the cheapest possible price. 
So we normally don't keep long surplus cash with us. We deploy it, either for procurement of 
raw material or we deployed in terms of sundry debtors to expand our footprint or expand our 
business for top line growth.  
Raaj: 
And regarding your aggressive expansion plan, so how much of investment are you going to 
need?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
We are actually on a huge expansion plan in terms of the lease cycling for that matter number 
one. Number two, we are also expanding our product portfolio. So I would put it this way that 
we are looking at close to about INR 5 crores to INR 10 crores this kind of investment that 
probably FY '24 should be in terms of these two areas. We're also looking at probably some 
amount of expansion that could happen in the sundry debtor as well as branding. So we are step 
taking baby steps. So we want to take a baby step. 
We do not want to go hassles or in terms of establishing and ensuring that all our stakeholders 
get payment in time. So that's our priority. And that's how keeping that in sync and in line easily 
between INR 5 crores to INR 10 crores with minimum investment, and it can also definitely go 
up depending upon how fast we want to go ahead. And we are actually looking at probably 
expanding our footprint across India for furniture as well adding certain other products, which 
can piggyback on the existing infrastructure.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Shrimali from DS Investments. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
So I just wanted to get to your broad demand outlook. If you look at last three quarters, we are 
sort of in a range of INR 20 crores, INR 21 crores revenue, about INR 1.5 crores PBT. I believe 
we spoke last quarter and you did say that when the wedding season kicks in, you do expect 
some demand to pick up. So first, if you could help me understand how is the demand outlook? 
Is it to your satisfaction, what you're anticipating in last quarter with this quarter? Or how is it 
shaping up?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you. So sweet, I'm sure you actually touched upon something which is bothering me a 
lot. In fact, Q2, Q3 have been very subdued we were expecting, because COVID gone and 
economy has opened up, people were moving about, and they were splurging on a lot of 
products. But Q2, Q3 has been reasonably subdued, and it has shocked us. It is surprised us 
because we, in the anticipation of that, we expanded our product portfolio, we added a lot of 
molds and machines.  
We thought that all right, things will be brighten-up and probably will be operating at more than 
100% capacity or we'll increase the sales, but actually did not happen. In fact, this Q4 right now 
that we are running into also is very subdued. It is quite surprising, because when you see flights 
are full, hotels are full, why is it that people are not picking up lapping the product.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Possibly, because it's taking some time, but I believe that FY '24 should be a very different year 
because whatever programs plans people had kept on hold. So they have a lot of surplus money 
to start crucifying and start resulting into certain volume pickup and all the things. So we 
certainly see that and also because now we have gone into recycling plastic, and that's how our 
cost of production will certainly go down. You've become a little more predatory, will become 
predictor in the pricing so that we will be able to offer aggressive price and due to that, our 
volumes will increase. So we believe that these two factors should certainly contribute demand, 
which is an organic demand, plus our predatory pricing. These things should certainly add-up.  
And then I'm sure all the forecast that we do are in the reduction that economy is forward-looking 
and overthink of the past, and everything seems to be going good and great. And I'm sure India 
as a country is the most insulated and the most fastest growing economy in any case. So we 
believe everything seems to be going right. But somehow, certain things are not being able to 
pick up. Not since we are expanding our footprint, we believe that the results will start fructifying 
and hope return, will get the benefit of that.  
Devesh Shrimali: 
So if I get it right, I mean, you are quite optimistic on FY '24, but for reasons that we are not 
able to put fingers on demand in very short term, it still looks subdued? That's the right way to 
look at it absolutely. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
It is still subdued because that biopsy, where people say, all right, there are no stock in the 
market, give it us as quick as possible, that doesn't seem to be happening. We are asking people 
here, hey, what happens, give me your order, whereas it used to be that we had switch the phone 
off, because there was so much demand. So there is a certain lull in that. But we believe probably 
this is happening across sectors with the various industries, when we speak to other suppliers, 
buyers, etcetera, because I'm also a National President of Furniture Manufacture Association.  
So I keep taking to my peers and friends, etcetera, to ask, what are they doing? And I'm also 
Chairman of CII, Western UP, so I keep interacting with other industries also when I speak to 
them invariably, there's a certain that says, all right, things are not picking up the way it should 
have been, probably the economy has not picked up sectorally. It's probably certain things, but 
we're doing too good, but certain things are not. Maybe hospitality seems to be great, but this is 
kind of -- it may not be happening here. But we believe over period of time, it should all stabilize.  
Devesh Shrimali: 
And if you could also throw similar light in terms of margin. We have seen two quarters of 
sequentially falling margin. Is it because of lower capacity utilization, and that's what is causing 
overheads to play higher?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Yes, both. What happens is because cost goes up and we expand our footprint across on branding 
and so on so forth. Besides, of course, the commodity prices have been playing havoc, and it is 
so uncertain half the time we are low there so much loss we don't know when and how the 
commodity prices jump overnight. So that is certainly keeping us on the tender folks. But 
nevertheless, I believe that these things a marginal difference, plus or minus here and there. 
But now we want to get out of this particular cycle. So that's how this particular venture of our 
recycling in-house with the post-consumer, I want to say, this and say it is not post-industrial, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
post-industrial is again volatile as fresh commodities, as the post-consumer is almost stagnant 
and they're flat. So we want to pick-up that and use it for our product. So we will be insulated as 
far as the raw material, variation itself in the raw material cost. 
So if that being the case, naturally, we can play around. And you'll not see that kind of expansion 
or expenses, etcetera, that probably at this point in time, you feel like, why is it that the margins 
are not going up. They will certainly start looking up once the volume picks up and naturally, 
this recycling picked up. Both will go hand-in-hand this thing. It will start getting noted. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Miraj from Arihant Capital. 
Miraj: 
I just had two questions. If you spoke about two things in the start. One of them was the 
Government policy regarding systematic waste treatment, I missed the part. If you could repeat 
that again, you were explaining something there was some 100% penalty. If you could explain 
that again?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
This is very interesting. Mr. Miraj. Let me make it very clear, 2016, Plastic Waste Management 
Act says, which is enforced by Government of India, Central Government. It says that Extended 
Producer Responsibility, EPR, this is the word. Now, all the brand owners and producers will 
have to compulsorily take an EPR approval, validation, which means, for example, ITC 
consumes 10,000 tons of plastics every year into its packaging and so on so forth. 
So now ITC, by FY '23, 70% of that particular consumption, which is 7,000 tons will have to be 
purchased from open market recycled plastic at the rate of virgin rate. I won't repeat this, it's at 
the rate of virgin rate, so that they mitigate whatever they had done or whatever they have to 
actually use and 70% is taken back from market and consumed in-house. But since ITC cannot 
consume that, they have to pay penalty to the Government of India, EPR. It can range from INR 
5 to INR 20 kilo. And now from FY '24, it will be 100%. 
And in fact, about three months back in Uttarakhand, more than 1,700 units were asked to be 
shut down by High Court of Uttarakhand, because these people did not -- they were not 
compliant to the EPR regulation. They are all plastic waste manufacturers, 1,700 Uttarakhand 
alone, which is a small state. So that is the kind of enforcement that is happening. So what will 
happen is that people like us, and this is, again, applicable to post-consumer plastic being 
recovered, recycled, EPR credit taken and that's how they get -- they can actually walk away, 
but it is not post-industrial. We, as a company today, are not only brand owners and producers.  
So we are self-consuming 100% ourselves. So we get insulated from there. Number two, we 
don't have to pay any penalty to the EPR. But we can also give a lot of credit to other people, if 
I consume 10,000 tons of my own plastic myself. And if I'm producing 50,000 tons or 40,000 
tons. There's 30,000 tons, I can sell it to them and tell them, all right, on your behalf, I'm giving 
to some producer, and I’ll give you EPS credit. So you pay me for it. 
So I believe that Avro India Limited over a period of time will be a company which will start 
taking the credit of EPA benefits on the basis of the sales that we'll be doing on behalf of these 
brand owners and producers. That's a golden lining that we have at this point in time, but it's too 
early because I think it will take another one year or so for us to get into the mainstream and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
start selling those products. So this is a great revolution that is happening. And this is happening 
because Government of India realizes, recognizes that unless the way they penalize the brand 
owners and producers for. 
In fact, today, yesterday onwards another regulation has come that any import coming to the 
country, any custom, anywhere, any part of India, if it all is wrap with plastic and all this thing, 
I have to take approval of the Government of India on EPR regulation and have to pay penalty, 
if it all these wrapped in plastic. So that is a kind of level of enforcement that is happening. And 
I want to tell you one thing Mr. Miraj, that is most of the industries today in the country are 
actually unaware of this regulation, except for these large corporates. 
If MSME don't even know there is something like EPR that is there. And one day, when they 
get a High Court order or Judgemental order or legislative judiciary issues, then they will 
certainly face a brunt of it. But fortunately, for whatever reason, we actually thought that we will 
reduce the cost of production. We went to post-consumer plastic recycling. But that has added 
as a benefit that as the EPR benefit also is able to take not only for ourselves but to give it to 
others also. So this is something which we are adding on over a period of time.  
Miraj: 
My second question was in the start, you also spoke about the facility in recycled plastics that 
you're talking about, if I'm not wrong. You did mention some capacity in terms of volume also. 
If you could just speak about that once again, if you could just re-highlight that one? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I'll put it one thing. Whatever I have said, I've gone through the document, let me not talk about 
that. And I'll give you my own perspective today right now, approximately 6 million tons of 
plastic, which construed PP, HD, and LD. These are the primary materials. It is not ABS, PVC 
and so and so forth. So this particular 66% of the 6 million tons actually gets into the rivers, 
oceans, plains, chokes, animals, etcetera, not throw on the roads. 
This is something which can be recovered. I'm not talking of something from a solid waste 
management that comes from the drains, which are being picked up by the Municipal 
Corporation at a cost that's been paid by Multiple Cooperation and that is segregated, and that 
particular plastic is actually offloaded to various people for them to use that into making of 
bricks and making our roads and all the things. That goes for free. I'm not talking about that. 
But I'm talking about post-consumer, you have milk pouches in your house, you have a saree 
cover, shirt cover, etcetera, you just discarded dispose it in dustbin and somebody comes and 
picks it up and then that's taken to the Municipal Corporation place, where it is segregated, dry 
waste, plastic waste so an so fourth or crockery and so on and so forth. When they segregate 
that, that is something that we get it picked up, through our supply chain management system, 
where we have deployed people, we have already tied up with some people. 
We're also trying to use over a period of time, use technology, where we'll use, we certainly use 
blockchain technology over a period of time to create traceability so that once it comes to EPR 
benefit, Government of India is going to certainly challenge and tell us that, all right, give us a 
trace from where did it come and where you end. So naturally, we'd like to be as safe as possible 
as far as the combinations are concerned. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
And if that being the case, these 6 million tons, which is available to us and of which 66% is PP, 
HG, LD is something that we can consume both these, all these three products. And if we can 
consume that particular item is available in the market at a dirty price, it's only the collection 
cost. And there are very few takers or very few people who can actually process this in terms of 
the standard processing of washing, grinding, and creating, converting that into granules and the 
usable product to be to manufacture so that consumers can take it. 
It is not a food product. It will be for non-food products like for furniture, making of ghamlas 
and pots and such kind of products. There are a lot of such thing, which can be made. So this 
will be something which will be used. So this is something which is right now available. And 
this is likely to grow because there is a consumption pattern, which is increasing over a period 
of time. So I was mentioning that this will increase dramatically over a period of time, because 
per capita consumption of plastic is going to rise. 
So naturally, this disposable most consumer plastic will be available and accessible. And at this 
point of time, in the country, very few companies are doing fantastic manufacturing of post-
consumer plastics, which we are one amongst them. 
Miraj: 
And so this capacity of the recycled plastics that you spoke about with us, how much would that 
be?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Right now, I said the 300 metric ton is what we are producing at this point in time. Though we 
have a production liability, which is far beyond this, but I do not want to mention on the card 
here, because once we start actually manufacturing it, then I would certainly be able to say, all 
right, we are doing this. But over a period of time, by FY '24 ending or so, we would certainly 
increase this by many numbers of times. We will not say this that this is just a pilot or time once 
we start doing satiating our own consumption self-demand, then we will also be able to offload 
a lot of material to the other people because of the commodity and its sales on cash. We will be 
able to do that.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Himani Ubhan from Suraj Research. 
Himani Ubhan: 
 
Sir, my question is, if any new product introduced in your furniture portfolio?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Yes, Hemani, I want to tell you this. We are a company which is refreshing products every day. 
I would say that in the last six months, we've added almost six products. And in the next six 
months, we'll be adding almost about 10 to 12 new products. So what we do is we keep churning. 
Anything obsoletes out of the design out of context, we remove those products, and we keep on 
adding. 
So right now, when I'm talking, I'm in Mumbai today and I'm in conversion with my mold 
manufacturer, who supplies mold machine, mold from China, from the world's largest 
manufacturer. So we have ordered almost about 10-odd mold, fresh new brand-new molds, 
which are going through the flavour of the season over a period of time, because unless 
otherwise, we are in sync with the expectation and aspiration of the consumers will become 
obsolete, and we do not want. We'll continue to do that.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Himani Ubhan: 
 
Sir, my one more question is, what would you classify as your competitive spend?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal:    Competitive strength?  
Himani Ubhan: 
 
Yes.  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
See, let me put it this way that, for example, Nilkamal, Supreme, Cello. These are three generic 
brands, and they are very large. Supreme is about INR 9,000 crores company with furniture 
adding whatever INR 500 crores or so. Nilkamal is about INR 2,000-odd crores company with 
the furniture be about INR 650 crores to INR 700 crores, and Cello is about INR 400 crores in 
terms of top line with about INR 152 crores in furniture. These companies have been offering a 
world-class quality product system into the market, and they are the ones who created the market. 
We are only followers. 
But over a period time, because for these companies, they have their conglomerate, they have 
lots of divisions and products. So their focus is not there. Whereas this industry is growing 15% 
CAGR year-on-year. And if that being the case, expansion is taking place and because this 
product is so versatile, Himani, in case if you have to use a plastic furniture and keep it outdoor 
for ages for years, 10, 20 years or so or a period of time, color might fade, it might become a 
little rough, but it not break. It is all weather-proof conditions. 
Even 250-degree temperature that it can go up to in terms of melting or minus 20, 30, 40 also no 
problem at all. That's because it is affordable, it is usable and all with the condition products, I 
believe over a period of time, furniture industry will certainly keep continue to grow. And these 
companies have actually established the product category. So I hats off to them, and I want to 
thank them openly now. 
Now what we are doing is because the product concept has been established, we are aggressively 
pushing and pursuing this particular industry in terms of the expansion of reach. And just 
because of that, we believe that we should be able to capitalize on, let's say, the demand created 
by these people, or the products showcased by these people, but we are able to sell our product 
almost at 40% cheaper than these companies. We have already been doing it. In fact, if you were 
to go on, Amazon and check for Avro 9955 chair price, check by price, and then you can also 
check other or you can check Nilkamal or Supreme or anybody. 
And you will find that there is a substantial difference pricing of the consumer also. And in terms 
of distribution also we are 40% cheaper. So that's how and why we get acceptability across all 
the states in the country right from Bangalore to Guwahati, Khushi Nagar to Bhuj that is the 
beauty. So I believe that these competitors have actually given us a lot of edge. They have also 
given us the advantage of giving their product in the market because they popularize it, but we 
encash it. 
So that I want to thank them. And now there are, of course, small time takers. There are regional 
players, which have sprung up. But the only problem with them is that they are very, very small 
product portfolio lead they may have 2, 3, 5, 10 designs. But we are having more than 140 SKUs, 
and they're having almost 20-odd SKUs more. If that's been case, the kind of bouquet of range 
of products that we are able to offer not many companies can offer except for these large 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
companies. And I think that's how we've been able to not only labour footprint across countries, 
that's how we claim to be talking that we are among the top manufacturing in the country. So 
this has been the advantage that we have got.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Mane from SM Research. 
Sandeep Mane: 
So, I have two-three questions. The first question is you were talking about having the warehouse 
in South India. Can you please provide update on it?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Okay. Sandeep, this warehouse that we have, we do not officially have our own warehouse. But 
in Metro AG store, we have GST number, and that warehouse is used exclusively for us. So 
that's how right, not only in the Bangalore but in various other places also, we have GST numbers 
at those places, but we have not owned any warehouse ourselves, because we do not want to 
add-up to the cost.  
Over a period of time, once our product portfolio keeps increasing and our footprint across India 
is getting established, probably, we might have a warehouse in maybe Bangalore or maybe 
Ahmedabad, maybe in Punjab or so on so forth. They're not very short, but we'll certainly like 
to -- what we're trying to do is in terms of supply chain management, our delivery rate is very 
fast. We offer delivery within less than 24 hours; number one and they're all given its full 
truckload. We don't sell in part load, except on the Flipkart, Amazon, etcetera.  
And then, now what we're doing is we are also getting to small part and load through DP World 
or own logistics, etcetera, where any consumer, or it's not a consumer sorry, any wholesaler, 
dealers across India. That it could be from Virar to Mulund to any place or anybody coming 
from Kerala, any part of the country can actually ask for small consignment of INR 10,00, INR 
20,000, INR 30,000, INR 50,000 also, which we had not been doing for 20 years, but now we 
are starting with that.  
That is one green shoot that I see in our company that will happen over the period of time, which 
we have not spoken. I have not said anything about that particular area of activity, whereby we 
are likely to see a witness growth in the sales just because we will also be able to reach out to 
those dealers, we are buying a small quantity and through logistics firm, five to seven days that 
transit time will take. And in terms of the freight cost also, we are bearing the cost also because 
we are able to give them at a certain reasonable price.  
So we believe over a period of time, we don't have to have warehouse. Things are gone are the 
days where people used to have except for FMCG, where they need to have because of faster 
delivery. But in our case, we can actually maintain directly from the company itself. And if it 
unnecessary, will certainly have it.  
Sandeep Mane: 
 
Second question is, what is your marketing strength?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Marketing strength. We currently have about 12 boys working for us in various states, right, 
from West Bengal we have, we have in Madhya Pradesh, we have in Gujarat, we have in 
Rajasthan, we have in Northern India and so on and so forth. And we are also having Karnataka, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
we have in Tamil Nadu, all these marketing people deployed, about 12 people. These are primary 
people.  
And then all these distributor salesmen, etcetera, we have trained them so well, they practically 
are on our roles in a way, and we ensure that we give them some kind incentives benefit over a 
period of time so that they keep marketing and selling our products. We also paying them on the 
product. We call them to the factory and tell them how, what is the product quality strength, 
etcetera, so that they are able to market and sell better.  
So we try to do everything of this kind. And over a period of time, since we have been only with 
the distribution model where, for example, in Maharashtra, we may have 12, 15 people over a 
period of time. So to service 12, 15 because we don't need 12 people. We need only one-person, 
senior person who can go talk to them and then come then take care of the markets all the thing. 
We are already do retail selling. But over a period time, since they're penetrating across India, 
we might probably over a time, take another step where we might deploy people will actually 
do a small amount of secondary sale also to go to these wholesale retailers that I just mentioned.  
Sandeep Mane: 
Sir, my last question is about recycling. Sir, everything are you consume internally or sold 
outside recycling plastic. If you sold outside, who are our buyers of recycling plastic?  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Sandeep, infinitely, first and foremost, at this point of time, our production capacity of recycled 
plastic has been very, very low before we just started some time back. So we believe almost 
about 7,000 tons to 8,000 tons, we can sell consumers. So that's a consumption at this point in 
time. And progressively, since we will expand our footprint and our top line will grow, we 
believe that this will go to 10,000 tons to 12,000 tons. So to that extent, even if I go 1,000 tons 
a month, to that extent, my product gets self-consumed in my party. I don't have to sell, number 
one.  
Number two, even otherwise I was just mentioning some time back that I'm a National President 
of Furniture Manufacture Association across country, and 100-and-odd manufacturer that I 
know them, here on my WhatsApp group, I interact and discuss it because I'm in a little pioneer 
side. I've been in the industry for almost two decades, which is like the post-Nilkamal, Supreme 
seller in the country. I was the earliest one who established this factory. So I am in close 
conversation contact with these gentlemen, these people, they all know me very well, and I also 
know them very well. 1 million ton of plastic gets consumed into these 100-odd manufacturers 
across countries.  
So today, I'm talking about just 300 tons per month, which is too small, even if I take it to 1,000 
tons, it will get self-consumed. If I raise this to 1,000 tons to 4,000 tons, 5,000 tons, selling 
additional 2,000 tons, 3,000 tons or 4,000 tons is like an easy cake work, it's like selling gold. 
You talk to them today all at market prices, like the INR 70, you tell them okay, I offer it for 
INR 5, INR 7, INR 10 less, and they will certainly be able to buy because that's the cheaper that 
they be able to get. So selling is not a problem at all. 
And once we get into that game, probably the infrastructure that we are actually now trying to 
set up over a period of time depending upon the financials of the internal accrual as well the debt 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
that would like to access or a certain amount of equity route that they can adopt. So we believe 
that we should be able to not only take care of this advantage that it's been a kind of gift, or 
God’s gift to us for that matter that we got in this industry, which we have never ever envisage 
and thought. So over a period of time, once we start selling to these people also, as I said, there 
are many takers, no issue at all will be to certainly comparable to that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Supriya 
Madye for her closing comments. Over to you, ma'am.  
Supriya Madye: 
 
Thank you. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you, ma'am. I just want to conclude and say thank you, Mr. Raaj, Devesh, Miraj, Himani, 
Sandeep and all other participants who will be listen to me. For me, these are emotional moments 
when I talk to you people, because I believe that I'm talking to those who are thought leaders 
who are the economic drivers, who are the people will become brand ambassador and supporter 
to Avro India Limited. At this point of time, we are a small company, but we have gained an 
immense experience in the industry. And we have the cusp that explosive growth, which country 
is likely to witness and over period of time, I believe, by 2030, world's third largest economy at 
2050, we're going to be the second largest economy in the world with a huge population that we 
have. 
I think with the right product commodity because this is a sunrise industry, it will continue to 
grow and to grow on the basis with strength, the aspiration of the consumers as well the delivery 
mechanism that we have and the experience and learning that we've gone through. So we will 
need, certainly need a lot of support from all of you in terms of enhancing our value or letting 
us know all the issues and challenges. In fact, I'm more than happy to share my mobile number 
with all of you. 
And you are free to communicate, talk to me, ask me questions, come out to the factory, have a 
visit, look at the infrastructure and understand how we are progressing. And over a period of 
time, we are please feel free to advice as a guide us, what is it that is desired? How is the 
consumer feeling? What is your perception about the company and all the things? And in case 
if you have valuable suggestion to offer to us, we'll more than happy to implement it, I would 
like to thank you from the bottom of our heart. Thank you very much.  
Supriya Madye: 
Thank you Sushil ji. And I thank you, each and every one participating in the call on behalf of 
Kirin Advisors. We conclude this call. Thank you.  
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you ma’am. Have a nice day. God bless you, bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kirin 
Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
