 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on February 17, 2023. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 17, 2023, please find enclosed the tran-
script of the Analyst/Investor meet held on February 17, 2023, for your information 
and records. The same is available on the Company's website - Concall Transcripts | 
Schaeffler India 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22/02/2023 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
Digitally signed by ASHISH TIWARI
DN: cn=ASHISH TIWARI, c=IN,
o=Personal,
email=ashish.tiwari@schaeffler.com
Date: 2023.02.22 08:09:58 +05'30'
ASHISH
TIWARI

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
 
 
“Schaeffler India Limited 
Q4 CY2022 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. HARSHA KADAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SCHAEFFLER INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SATISH PATEL – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SCHAEFFLER INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Schaeffler India Limited Q4 CY '22 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference to Ms Gauri Kanikar. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We have with us from the 
management, Mr. Harsha Kadam, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. 
Satish Patel, our Director of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kadam will first take us 
through a short presentation on the results, after which we open the floor for questions. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kadam. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Hello, good morning. This is Harsha Kadam. Along with me is Satish Patel. I would like to take 
you through the presentation for this fourth quarter and year that has gone by. I would first like 
to touch upon some information on the economy and the industry. And I would like to throw 
light on the business of Q4 and the twelve months for the year 2022. 
I will then cover the financial highlights for the same period as well. And lastly, I would also 
like to touch upon how Schaeffler in India, we continue our focus and commitment towards 
stakeholder value creation. So let me start, and I'm referring to Slide number 3. What you see on 
the slide is the economic indicators. And as we all are aware, the last quarter of last year, we 
began to see strong headwinds coming in our way particularly with the global economy, 
monetary policies getting tightened up as well as the prolonged war in Ukraine. And having seen 
these challenges also with the imposition of the economic sanctions in many of these countries, 
things began to weigh down on the economic outlook for India as well. 
But having said that, we also see a strong traction in many of the industry segments plus the 
government’s initiative post the budget to up the economy and specific focus being brought 
upon, which I will talk to you in the next couple of slides. So with all that, the indications are 
that the year 2022, India will end the year close to over 6.5% GDP. The concern that is nagging 
on all the business community is on the inflation side. And the last quarter saw some of the steep 
increases in inflation began to moderate down. 
And that is going to be one of the key indicators to watch going forward as well. One of the 
positive developments that we could see was in the passenger vehicle segment in the automotive 
industry. We saw strong traction coming back in the last quarter, and that helped to shore up 
even our business performance to some extent. I will move to the next slide number 4, where I 
will talk a little bit about the core industrial sector. And what we see here are some of the core 
sectors like cement, mining, steel production and the power generation, as we can see.  
Looking at the trend, a strong traction on the cement sector, and this is clearly riding on the back 
of the infrastructure push by the government, not to mention even steel began to see some 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
stronger traction in the last quarter as you can see from the bar graph there. And mining too, 
which had gone down in the second and the third quarter began to revive in the last quarter, and 
we began to see some stronger traction even in the mining segment as well. I move to the next 
slide, which is going to talk a little bit on the automotive sector. And what you see is the 2-wheel 
and 3-wheeler sectors is where we saw some contraction happening in the last quarter. 
As we can see, the dark green bar that's began to reduce towards the month of December, and 
this was one of the sectors which actually we saw some slowdown in the last quarter. However, 
the passenger vehicle segment continued its stronger run even in the last quarter, and talk of 
commercial vehicles, it too continued to keep its speed and momentum. Coming to tractors, this 
was one of the sectors where we saw the slowing down of demand in the last quarter again. I 
move to Slide number 6, and I'd like to touch upon a little on the Union Budget that the 
Government announced on the 1st of February, and what you see is that focus on 7 areas that 
the Government is clearly prioritizing. 
Having said that, what is the view for us, and I will touch a little bit upon some of the sectors 
where we see relevance to our business. One, obviously, is the focus that the government is 
wanting in terms of infrastructure growth. And one of the benefiting sectors here is the railway 
sector where we have bagged some business wins in the Vande Bharat Express trains, and we 
believe that we see some positive movements coming in this area, with the government 
announcing close to 200 Vande Bharat trains for this year alone. 
And that would result in a number of wagons and coaches, which definitely is going to be a big 
boost for the infrastructure industry and railway as a sector, and as Schaeffler we see some good 
advantage there. Talk about the other sectors, and that would be on the wind, the Government 
revising its wind energy projects and setting 8 GW new builds till the year maybe 2030. 
This would also enable the domestic wind capacity installations to move up, which has been 
languishing, and clearly, this is something that we as Schaeffler too, look forward to. I would 
like to now move to the business highlights, and I am on Slide number 8. Let me start with giving 
some summary of the performance in the last quarter. I must say that in spite of the stronger 
headwinds that we saw by way of some of the industry sectors going down, particularly wind in 
the second half of 2022 went down drastically. 
This is coming on the back of the economic sanctions that got enforced across the globe. And 
the result is slowing down the demand for wind equipment, which resulted in the export business 
of the wind equipment manufacturers to slow down. In spite of these kind of headwinds, I must 
say I'm reasonably satisfied with the good performance that we have posted in Q4 of 2022. What 
has helped us here is the balanced portfolio that we enjoyed. 
As I said, if one of the segments were down, the other -- the passenger vehicles and the 
automotive sector did very well for us in this quarter. Also, a number of projects that we have 
been consistently working upon, we brought some of the projects to a closure resulting into 
business and start of series supplies as well. We have embarked upon this journey of ESG, and  
this is the way that we believe we can create more value for our stakeholders, and that's 
something we have to remain clearly focused upon. I will talk about the ESG program that we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
have launched in the next couple of slides. And last but not the least, we are also happy to 
announce that the Board recommended a dividend of INR 24 per equity share, which is at a face 
value of INR 2 and the payout ratio stands at about 43%.  
So, what are the risks that we see going forward? While the macroeconomic challenges continue 
to remain, we will definitely see some headwinds in terms of inflation. And some of the input 
costs -- all the other input costs by way of steel is a little bit in the last quarter of last year, but 
we believe that we still are wary with the inflation being high, the input cost would continue to 
stay at us. Having said that, I draw your attention to the performance. 
And as you can see for the quarter Q4 2022, compared to the last year Q4 2021, we grew almost 
17.8% in terms of sales revenue, and 2.2% when compared to the preceding quarter. And the 
sales revenue for the quarter stands at INR 1,794 crores. This obviously came on the back of 
strong performance on the profitability as well. And we have been able to deliver a reasonably 
good profitability of 16.2% EBIT margin for the quarter, and which is at the same level as it was 
in Q4'21 in spite of the headwinds that we faced during the quarter as well. 
And this takes the profits to -- EBIT to INR 291 crores for the quarter. And the profit after tax 
margin stood at 12.9% for the quarter and compared that with Q4'21 stood at 12.5% what it was. 
The free cash flow, we were able to generate more cash in this quarter, consistent and sustained 
efforts by the entire team on generating more cash. The free cash flow was 32.7% compared to 
that last year was definitely much stronger numbers. This is an area that we intend to keep the 
focus more going forward, and we would like to address this. 
I move to the next slide, which talks about some of the business wins that we have been able to 
generate. And I must say that one of the biggest breakthroughs that we have managed to get is 
with one of our reputed business partners. We have our first offering at a system level for the 
electric vehicles - passenger vehicle application. This is a 3 in 1 e-axle with the power electronic 
unit as well, which has kickstarted, the development is already underway with one of the major 
OEMs in the country. 
And once we are ready with the product, we anticipate that by the year 2024, we should be 
heading to series supplies to the customers on this. Having said that, our focus on the EV 
continues to represent. And even the bearings which go into these applications, we have 
managed to secure quite a few wins, be it in the wheel bearings applications or even in the 
transmission applications, which is in the IP engines. We continue to get the new business wins 
on the automotive side. Talk about the automotive aftermarket, we have started to increase the 
reach and coverage on the new products that we have been launching. 
We have launched the wipers already, as you know, and we have now started to extend the reach 
of this product as well to the market, not to mention, of course, we continue to build on the 
engine oil and the lubricants that we already launched. On the industrial side too, we have been 
able to get some new business wins on the spherical rollers, the 3-wave TRBs particularly going 
into the steel industry. And of course, Railways where we have managed to garner some business 
on the Vande Bharat and LHB coaches. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
With all this, how did the financial results come out.  I move to Slide number 11, where in the 
bar graph that we see that is the total revenue development. And as you can see, we were able 
to post one of the highest sales revenues in the quarter compared to the last 4 quarters. And as I 
already said, we were able to deliver probably INR 1,794 crores, which is a clear 2.2% better 
than the preceding quarter. And if one were to compare it with last year, a clear 17.8% better 
performance.  
With this at an annualized level, the turnover of Schaeffler India went up to INR 6,867 crores, 
and this is, I must say one of the strongest performances that we have seen in the year 2022. 
However, when we wonder to look at the business divisions that we operate in, the strongest 
growth, obviously, was in our export business. And as you can see, clearly in the quarter, over 
the preceding quarter for export business grew at 17.5%. But on the industrial side, we did have 
a slowdown particularly in the wind equipment. 
And as we are a strong player in the wind sector, it pulled down the industrial performance over 
the preceding quarter like 2%. All in all, when we look at the annualized level, you will find that 
our export business has grown close to 60% compared to the same period last year. And the 
automotive technologies growing by about 24%, automotive aftermarket about 18% and 
industrial overall 12.4%. Industrial -- the initial forecasts were pretty strong. However, in the 
second half of the year, wind was one of the factors where we saw a lot of momentum loss due 
to the demand going down. Having said that, the mix, as you can see, while we have been saying 
about the balanced portfolio that we enjoy, and for the quarter of 2022, when you look at the 
sales mix, what you will find is our export business, which is 19% -- a percentage and odd of 
other businesses that is reflecting in it as you see. But definitely, there has been a significant 
improvement in our export business even in this quarter. 
I move to Slide number 12, which is throwing some light on the working capital development 
as well as on the capex and the free cash flow. Now as you can see, our working capital - while 
the numbers look good, we have brought down the working capital as a percentage to sales to 
17% in the quarter, which is one of the lowest numbers that we have hit. But then well, this is 
something that we need to manage well to ensure that clearly, our inventory management, while 
we continue to focus on managing the receivables, we need to manage our inventories in a much 
better shape as well. 
Talking of capex, one of the milestones that we hit in the quarter, as you can see, our investments 
have continued to progress. And in the quarter, we already invested about INR 183 crores 
coming into our plants, particularly on the industrial side of our business. And we will continue 
our efforts in increasing our investment levels in the country as we move forward as well. 
So talking of the free cash flow, yes, there was a strong free cash flow generation, and rightfully, 
as it has come only towards the end of the quarter, but I guess we'll have some work to do here 
to ensure consistency in each of the quarters, and this is something we intend to take up as well 
moving forward. 
I move to Slide number 14, where the indicators are throwing more light in terms of the margins. 
And as you can see, I already talked about the revenue growth. The EBITDA margin for Q4 was 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
19.2%, ended the year with 19%. And the EBIT margin for the quarter was 16.2%, and for the 
full year for the full year is 16%, which is definitely better than the previous year, which was at 
14.3%, as you can see. And the profit after tax, as you can see in the quarter was INR 231 crores, 
resulting in 12.9% margin, while at the full year effect, we have been able to bring them INR 
879 crores, which is at the same percentage at 12.8%. 
I move on to the next part, which is stakeholder value creation, and I am on Slide 16. As I have 
shared in the previous calls that we have embarked on the journey of ESG, which stands for 
environment, social and governance as being the base of our business operations. And this is 
clearly with an intent to ensure that we create better value for all the stakeholders involved in 
our business. Having said that, Schaeffler as a group has now framed clear targets, and 8 such 
targets have been chosen. 
And what we see is the first target being that as an organization globally, we want to become 
climate neutral by the year 2040, and this would increase the entire value chain that engages 
with us. The second target, as you can see, is all of production plants –they have chosen climate 
neutral by the year 2030, and all efforts are being made, investments are being made in that 
direction to ensure that our plants become climate-neutral. 
Talking of sustainable suppliers, we have some clear targets there as well, 90% of the purchasing 
volume of production, the materials that we source also will have to start to comply based on 
the self-assessments that are going to be done by our suppliers by the end of 2023, so we have 
an engagement of 90% of our suppliers to be completing the self-assessment. 
The fourth target is on renewable energy. And clearly here, all the power that we purchase for 
operating our plants and our operations have to be from the renewable source 100%. And this 
we have to achieve by the year 2024. Talk about diversity and getting women into the 
organization, including at leadership positions, the group target is 20% of the women in top 
management positions by the year 2025. And look at energy efficiency, one of the other targets, 
and we have a clear target here to also start to cut down the amount of energy we use in our 
operations, and the target here is 100 gigawatt - our accumulated annual efficiency reduction by 
the year 2024. 
One other important target is to make our operations safe place to work in, and where, the 
employee safety comes on top. And as a result, we have taken a 10% average annual reduction 
in the accident rates as we measure by the year 2024. Last but not the least, the fresh water 
supply, the amount of water that we consume in our operations, that the group has set the target 
that we have to reduce the water consumption by 20% until the year 2030. 
I move to the next slide, which throws the light on the Schaeffler India targets for the same 
parameters because we are in a different part of the world and different factors govern this part 
of the world. So, while some of the targets we have in fully alignment with the group projects 
like carbon neutrality by the year 2040, our plants to become climate neutral by the year 2030 
and sustainable suppliers with a 90% purchasing volume that is done, these are the targets where 
we are fully aligned with the group targets. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
Talk about renewable energy, and clearly, we are here to -- we are aligned to get to 100% 
purchase power from renewable sources by the year 2024. While on the diversity, we have taken 
a target of getting 8% of the women and female employees by the year 2025, which is certainly 
a lower target considering this part of the world where we lag behind. 
Talk about energy efficiency, the 100 gigawatt hour that I talked about. And for India, we have 
taken a target of reducing the 4 gigawatts of our accumulated annual efficiency by the year 2024. 
And the employees still see their targets fully aligned with the group projects that we have said 
as well as the fresh water supply, which we have already set. 
I'll move to the next slide, and I'm happy to share that we have been consistently carrying out 
our corporate social responsibility activities particularly in health, in the area of preserving 
culture and environment, in the area of upskilling and educating the community and the society 
that we operate in. One such environmental project that we were running called Jal Sahara has 
won an award. And as you can see here, the award was by CSRBOX and this was a very, very 
effective project that we were able to execute in a place called Khed district near Satara which 
was an arid region. 
And the extensive engagement that we did along with an external agency has resulted in 44% 
rise in the water level and thereby increasing the agricultural income for the community and the 
farmers who are operating there. And also, what we have seen is the migration from the village 
to the cities also have seen some reversals due to the projects that we have been effectively 
running and this was awarded with this award. 
Moving forward, I would like to talk a little more on the stakeholder value creation, and that is 
about the dividend payout that was recommended by the Board. I'm happy to say that the 
dividend per share that we would be paying for the year 2022 stands at INR 24 per equity share, 
and this is a clear 50% increase over last year's dividend, which was at INR 16 per share. And 
as you all know, there is a clear target dividend payout ratio, which will be in the range of 30% 
to 50% of the net income. I'm happy to share that Board of Directors of the company yesterday 
in their Board Meeting have approved and have passed the resolution for this. 
With that, I come to the last slide, and this is more to summarize. It was a strong performance in 
the year 2022. We did enjoy some tailwinds as well from the business side. Also some of the 
headwinds in terms of inflation and slowing of the demand in some specific sectors. Margins, 
obviously, were supported by the increased volume growth that we were able to generate, plus 
the mix between the businesses. And the kind of focus we have kept on the countermeasures that 
we started off, and these activities get renewed exhaustively, and we continue to keep the focus 
on ensuring that the counter measures that we put in place to deliver. 
Plus the focus is on consistent capital deployment, it continues to remain and also the strong 
cash generation, which is definitely helping to keep the balance sheet robust. Coming into 2023, 
yes, we do see some strong headwinds as well, inflationary pressures and some slackening of 
the export demand, but we will have to wait and watch how the situation develops. But as of 
now, we, as an organization, remain committed to make India the place to be and continue to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
put efforts to ensure that we grow our business here, but in the structured manner of ESG that 
we are going forward with. 
With that, I come to the end of my presentation. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ankur from HDFC Life. 
Ankur: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So 3 questions, which I had. So one was on the exports 
front, where we've again seen in Q4 some momentum again being taken up in the top line 
numbers. And clearly, this comes in a backdrop of slowing global economy. So if you could just 
help us understand how do you see the broader picture on exports over the next few quarters? I 
remember last quarter also, you mentioned that obviously, Schaeffler benefiting some relocation 
of manufacturing into India. So if you could also touch upon that and give us some more color 
on that. 
Satish Patel: 
Yes, thank you, Ankur, for the question. I'm Satish Patel. As far as our export strategy is 
concerned, we have been living with that and that reflected in the quarter-on-quarter growth that 
is recorded in terms of our overall exports. Yes, there is a global downtime, and our performance 
in exports goes slightly against that - yes, sorry for the interruption because of some microphone 
issue. So since we have the specific relocation strategy for our large size bearings and also certain 
categories of the midsize bearings, and those have been progressing quite well. 
We have also the investments earmarked for that - Q3 high ratio of investment - one of the 
contributors is also exports. And this has contributed because of the specific strategy of exports 
also in the revenue growth. This we would continue to have also in the future. So for the years 
to come because of the investments that we have earmarked and because of the strong order 
position and also the strategy to actually localize certain products, this will help in further 
improvement in overall exports. So yes, there is a global condition of the economy, which is not 
so encouraging. 
But Schaeffler has particular strategy in terms of localizing of the products to the countries where 
there is high competence, both on the technology, as well as on the cost. And India is in the front 
runner and thereby we have that focus of having the exports. We have announced this also quite 
many times, but we are delighted to now say that we have been leading with that and we will 
stay on course regard to our exports growth. 
Harsha Kadam: 
If I could add here certain share, there could be a lag factor, which is something we like to wait 
and watch because normally, the global slowdown that is always going to be a lag in terms of -
- that reflecting. So, I guess the succeeding quarters is actually going to tell us how are the export 
business is going to develop as well. So it's a little volatile, but we'll have to wait and watch. 
Ankur: 
Sure. And sir, possible to break out the region-wise exports for you into, say, APAC, EU and 
the US or whatever region-wise breakup you can share? 
Satish Patel: 
We do not have that number ready, but I can confirm that we do not have disproportionate ratio 
between the regions. So we have been exporting in all the continents. So, our exports to US, to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
North America is much as to Europe and as much Asia. So it's more or less balanced. Yes, it is 
no -- there is no single region which is significantly outperforming. 
Ankur: 
Sure. And just tying that up with your capex numbers because this year, if I look at your press 
release, you've done about INR 480-odd crores of capex in CY '22. If you could help us what 
would be the capex numbers in CY'23, what is it more for the export market? I think you 
mentioned about industrial segment being where you're looking at putting up capacity. So if you 
could just help us there as well? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes. So as far as 2022 is concerned, we have invested a total capex of about INR 500 crores, 
INR 499 crores to be exact, so close to INR 500 crores that we have invested already in this year. 
We would invest similar about INR 500 crores also in the next 2 to 3 years. So, we have been 
actually announcing that we would invest INR 1,000 crores in 3 years in the past, which will 
now be revising to INR 1,500 crores in 3 years. So we would invest INR 500 crores every year. 
And investments will be for relocations and the capacity expansion for exports. Also, for our 
domestic business growth, particularly industrial business, we are setting up the new plant with 
large manufacturing facility in Savli near Vadodara, and we are also setting up the new plant for 
automotive on futuristic products mainly in Hosur. So these 2 plants will contribute to domestic 
as well as export business growth. 
Ankur: 
And obviously, given the large scale of capex, you obviously see that kind of demand visibility, 
therefore, we should expect good asset turns. And lastly, sir, on the auto aftermarket, I think if 
you could just help us understand a little bit more on your reach of new products, what kind of 
growth you expect there? I think after a very strong CY '21, there is a slight flattening of growth 
there. So if you could just help us well on the auto aftermarket again. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. On the automotive aftermarket business, we have been consistently developing and 
launching new products. We started off on the journey and the transition of the regions went 
from BS-IV to BS-VI. And now post 2 years or 3 years after the vehicles are on the road, we are 
seeing a traction in demand for the BS-VI product applications. 
So accordingly, we continue to launch a lot of new products conforming to the BS-VI norms. 
Apart from that, of course, we also see very strong demand coming from the OES spares, which 
is the original equipment spares business as well. Third, being, we continue to launch new 
products as well, which is more traded. So the recent launch is already of the wipers, very soon, 
we're going to launch the batteries which is going to be coming into the market soon. Hopefully, 
in the next earnings call, I will be able to share that happy news as well. 
So we are expanding our portfolio of offerings that go on the automotive aftermarket. And we 
will continue to do that as well. Also, what is happening is -- what we are doing is some of the 
new products that we already launched like the wiper blades for the UJ cross, or even the shock 
absorbers and dampers, these were not yet pan India. Now we have started to extend the reach 
of those products going all across India. So this is something we will continue. And we believe 
that all more aftermarket there is an area where we can do more. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
Ankur: 
And just one last one, if I may. If you could give us the full year calendar split as you do between 
industrial, breaking it out into aftermarket, 2-wheeler, railway, wind. And similarly on autos, the 
transmission, engine, chassis -- if you could just give us a breakdown for the full year? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Sorry, actually couldn't get your question, if you can repeat that? 
Ankur: 
Yes, yes. So I was saying that if you could give us the breakup of your full year revenues for 
industrial, out of industrial, how much there is aftermarket, 2-wheelers, railways, wind? And 
similarly, on the automotive sales, how much is transmission, engine, chassis, the breakup you 
give us in terms of percentages. 
Harsha Kadam: 
I did talk a little bit about that already on Slide number 11. The same splits I was already showing 
that 39% of the business was from automobile technology, 33% was coming from industrial, 9% 
was coming from the automotive aftermarket, and then we had, of course, exports 19%, which 
has grown compared to the last year and the last quarter as well. So we already have that. 
Ankur: 
Yes. So I was talking more on subsegments within industrial. So how much would have been 
railways, wind, 2-wheelers. And similarly, within auto, how much would be engine system, 
transition systems? 
Satish Patel: 
I can give you broad numbers out of our automotive aftermarket and industry if I take other than 
exports, the domestic maybe like 100%. Automotive and aftermarket together are about 55%, 
industrial is 45%. And amongst this if I take automotive alone, the 70% of automotive 
technologies alone is from engine transmission and automotive aftermarket. I already said about 
10% in the overall revenue only from automotive, it will be about 17%-18%; industrial 45% 
overall revenue and overall, 2-wheeler is around 8%. So, if I say only industrial, it will be about 
15% and likewise the other sectors. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. 
Vimal Gohil 
Sir, firstly, on my capex number has been answered, so thank you for that. On the margin front, 
we have been experiencing some bit of pressure on the raw material side, although it is very 
encouraging to see an expansion in this particular quarter. But is there any under recovery that 
you are still seeing in terms of pricing with your OEM clients or in the aftermarket segment, 
etcetera? I mean, I'm just trying to see if there is any further scope of margin expansion here 
because of under recovery in pricing. 
Satish Patel: 
Yes, so I would not relate under recovery in the margin expansion in some way -- in any way 
for the fact of the matter. Our performance has quite many contributors. The first contributor is 
the revenue -- consistent revenue growth and more so the quality of revenue because the sales 
mix is better, we have larger contribution or improving contribution from our exports. 
Also, we have grown in domestic business in some sectors, which are relatively better in terms 
of the profitability. So that is one of the reason of overall improvement in the margin. And second 
is the cost discipline and the cost level of the revenue within the normal range. We have been 
able to absorb the large portion of the inflation because of the internal countermeasures. And 
yes, there have been recovery also of the steep hike in the steel price. This is also to a certain 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
extent, or I would say, to a large extent, neutralizing the negative or the adverse impact on the 
performance. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir, on the industrial front, there has been a lot of talk in the country around private capex picking 
up very, very meaningfully. However, if we were to look at our numbers for the industrial, 
they've been sort of flattish over the past couple of quarters. Of course, you did mention that 
there is some portion of wind that has impacted, but given the fact that it has turned our 
performance to be flattish for the last 3 quarters means that wind is very, very material in our 
numbers for industrial. So if you can just quantify how much is wind and what is the outlook? I 
mean, when is wind expected to pick up? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me take the first part of the question, the wind itself. If one were to look at our performance 
on the industrial side in the first half of the year - Q1, Q2, we had very strong traction in industrial 
growth fundamentally because we are strong in the wind sector and approximately close to 10%, 
12% of the total revenue is coming from wind. And so in the second half, what we saw was 
drastic reduction in demand because of the economic sanctions that got imposed in most of the 
countries in Europe, due to the war as a result of which a lot of projects from the customers in 
India were all put on hold or on the back burner, so to say. 
So, with that, we have seen a drastic drop in demand in the second half of the year, which 
resulted, and that is the reason you see industrial being a little bit flattish. Coming to the second 
part of your question as to when will the situation change, well that's something time will only 
tell because I don't know when those sanctions will get lifted or -- then with the wind as a 
segment pick up. 
However, looking at within India, the domestic need, the recent budget where the Government 
of India announced that they are now going to open a big 8-gigawatt hour every year for the next 
8 years tenders. And there is a talk of mention of incentivization to propel the wind segment to 
grow in India. These are, of course, strongly positioned to -- in this sector, and we look -- 
certainly look forward to this getting implemented. So we'll evaluate and watch how things 
develop here. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood, sir. So the core domestic sectors like steel, cement, mining, which are the bread and 
butter for core industrial for us, those segments are doing well, right? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. If you see the core industrial segments like steel, cement, mining, where we operate in, 
definitely has done well, and that is also one of the reasons that we have been able to -- from the 
industry and business side have been able to post 12% growth over the last year because the 
other sectors have done well, except the wind energy, which has been languishing a bit. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood, sir. Sir, next was on the Tamil Nadu plant, what I recollect is you had signed the 
MOU somewhere in 2021. And correct me if I'm wrong, if you can just give us some updates on 
how is the ramp-up of that plant, where are we in terms of commissioning, how far are we from 
commissioning that particular plant? Because I guess, Mr. Patel highlighted that there is -- we 
are planning to make futuristic automotive products in that plant. So if you can just give us some 
update over there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
Harsha Kadam: 
Sure. You're right that the MOU was signed way back in 2021, end of 2021. And finally, we got 
the final allotment of the land about a month back, and we have already initiated or started off 
the work towards building this project now. So currently, as I'm speaking, there is levelling 
activity that is happening at our site there. And we expect by end of next year, we should have 
the plant -- the buildings have to be completed. So this is already work in progress, investments 
are already done towards this project. And soon we'll share the good news once the plant goes 
on stream. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yes, my first question is on the capex itself. In some of the previous comments, you had 
mentioned that you'll be expanding the TRB capacities. And I do notice that some of the 
competition is also looking to expand into CRBs and SRBs. So basically, the bearing sector, 
you're seeing a lot of capex happening from companies outside of their core historically strong 
areas. So do you see a situation where in the next couple of years or 3 years, competitive intensity 
can actually significantly intensify in some of these areas and probably has some impact on 
margins, etcetera. 
Satish Patel: 
So, we couldn't get your question for clearly -- can you please clarify the last part of question 
what we understood is that peers also investing in similar product ranges. And we are also 
investing. So would that cause some profit pressure. Will that be the question? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Yes, on those lines. So, my point is that you're expanding more into TRBs, which has probably 
not been one of your strong points in the past, while competition is, say, expanding into CRBs 
and SRBs where they have not been strong in the past. So there's basically capex happening in 
all these subsegments within bearings. And so how can that impact the market? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes. Maybe -- I think my -- what I said, clearly, I also said we are expanding the SRBs and 
CRBs, yes. So that's what I mentioned. And I mentioned the major investment, there are 
investments in other product segments as well. So we are investing everywhere. But these are 
the areas where we are investing quite significantly. And that was also in connection with 
exports. So we are not only investing for domestic, we are investing for exports as well, where 
there is a significant growth opportunity and relocation opportunity. So there is no sort of the 
site that we have as regards -- sort of utilization pressure of the investments that we are making 
and thereby, some sort of margin pressure going forward. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
On the second question on the e-mobility wins that you had mentioned during the presentation. 
Could you give some sense on the localization levels we are at right now? And what are our 
target levels, say, in the near future, especially for the power electronics that you had mentioned. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me take that. And yes, we have the developmental work initiated with -- working with our 
customer. And localization plan definitely is on the card. But I guess it will happen, we need to 
first agree and come out with the right design, which is exactly what is happening. In the next 
few months, hopefully, the design will be frozen and we will get into the prototype stage. So 
localization definitely is there, but not this year. We don't see it happening this year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So right now, it will be more dependent on imports. 
Harsha Kadam: 
That's true. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sonal Gupta from HSBC Mutual Fund. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand, one, I mean, given the FX 
volatility, I mean, would we have any FX gains or losses that are there in the other operating 
income or in the other expenses this quarter? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes. So for the whole year put together, we have really no negative or adverse impact because 
of FX. Large amount of our imports is in INR currency because the currency that we have 
determined with our purchases, our sellers -- sorry the other companies is in INR. We do have 
exposure in dollars. Euro exposure is very minimal because of INR currency. Dollar exposure, 
we do have, but we have exports as well so there a natural hedge, and the net exposure of foreign 
currency is not so significant. And for that also, we have a structured hedging policy. So we have 
been able to mitigate the volatility and the overall impact of FX during the whole year is not 
significant. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. So you're saying the Euro exposure is fairly low and most of our exports to the region are 
rupee-denominated. Is that the way to understand it? 
Satish Patel: 
Most of the imports are rupee denominated, and exports in the same countries are also rupee 
denominated. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And sir, could you also touch upon -- my next question is on the railway side. So could you sort 
of -- I mean how much is it as a percentage of revenues for you currently and like you talked 
about? And have you seen a significant increase in government capex on the railway side? So 
how do we see this business over the next couple of years? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So on the railway side on the business, and as I said earlier, that we have -- we've been making 
investments here as well, right? And also we've been working on new designs of our products 
for the new trains that are coming up. As I said, the Vande Bharat train, which is already 
launched, and now the government has announced 200 trains this year. And the next train, which 
is already -- it have to be named and then the speeds are going to be roughly about 200 kilometers 
per hour. With this new technology definitely will be required in our product as well. And this 
is exactly our focus here to look at the higher value creation with our customers in the area of 
performance, in the area of reliability, both these as well. And that's exactly where we are 
focusing on. 
Yes, we do have some of the applications like the freight trains which is where we still have to 
get our act together to bring good products into the market. But I must say that our focus 
continues to remain on and better performing products for the demanding applications where, as 
you know, the railways is transforming, and we want to be on the growth trajectory. So right, 
having said that, railways will continue to remain our focus sector for us going forward, and we 
certainly want to bring in more digital content into our solutions and offering, and there are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
projects that we are already engaged with the railways to bring in our digital solutions as well. 
So, as I said, we will stay focused on bringing  technology products to the railways as a sector. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
You talked about the capex of INR 500 crores per year for next 3 years. So is it possible, I mean 
could you elaborate it? Are we setting up more plans? Is it a greenfield or brownfield expansion 
and so on. 
Satish Patel: 
Yes. So I already mentioned about the focus of the capex in different areas in different product 
segment as well as plants. So the plans that we have already now decided to go for, which is 
mainly the new plant here, also for automotive business. And significant expansion in Savli 
plant. In addition to these 2 plants, I think in the next 2 years, we do not have a plan to set up 
any other plant. So, the investment that we mentioned are in these 2 plants as well as in our 
existing other plants which are located - one in Talegaon near Pune and another is in Maneja in 
Vadodara. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, what is the current capacity utilization across our factories in India? 
Satish Patel: 
Some of the plants which have very high-volume standard products that are utilized 85% to 90%. 
So, our Maneja plant is in that range and automotive plants are utilized 75% to 80%. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay, okay, so for incremental growth for next year, capacity constraint should not be the 
problem. 
Harsha Kadam: 
No, not at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan 
Yes, first question is pertaining to the railways segment. Firstly, if you could dissect within 
railways broadly which are the segments that we are catering to now, how much of revenue is 
coming from locos, passenger cars, metro trains. If you could give us some sense? And what 
percentage of our total revenue in railways today. And also regarding the recent order that we 
have got from Vande Bharat train sets, if you could highlight which are these bearings are we 
doing the UIC 130 bearings over there or we are doing the SRBs over there. If you could just 
give us some more color and explanation of what type of products are we catering to these Vande 
Bharat trains. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, let me take the first part. As you know, when you talk about railway as a sector there are 2 
parts to it. One is the Indian Railways which is you have the locomotives, you have the passenger 
trains and then the freight trains. The other part is the urban metros, metro trains, which 
urbanization increasing metros coming into the cities. So these are the 2 broad segments within 
that sector. 
And let me start with the metros; and metros, we are strongly positioned there and we have been 
working with our customers to ensure that we offer not just the bearing, but the entire sub 
assembly with the axle boxes and we are been doing pretty good business in that direction. One 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
other application on the metro trains are the traction motors and wherein especially coated 
bearing is required, and we are one of the pioneers to do manufacturing this product locally in 
India. 
And we continue to do well there. We are trying to augment capacities there as well, looking at 
the growth in the railway sector. Talk about the Indian Railways itself -- we are pretty well 
positioned in the passenger vehicle application as such. That is where the Vande Bharat and the 
LHB coaches coming. We have developed products; field trails are getting concluded with the 
customer. And we will be starting seeing supplies into that effect. We have already made the 
investment for the production. 
And we also will continue our localization of some of the products still come from Europe. And 
clearly, we have plans to localize them as well as the momentum picks up. On the freight train, 
the challenge there is it's very cost-driven segment within the railway sector. And there, we 
currently do not have a good product, but then we hope to come up with a new design, which is 
going to certainly get us to play a stronger gain within that freight wagon application. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan 
Got it. And overall, how big it would be sale rate as a percentage of our sales today? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Overall, at sharper India level, about 4% to 5% would be the number. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan 
And second question, sir, is on the e-mobility order win that you have highlighted that this was 
a systems order. If you could also just explain it in a similar way, what are components go into 
it on a per passenger vehicle basis per -- I'm assuming this is for the EV and not plug in. What 
is the content per vehicle for the entire systems that we are supplying? And within that entire 
value of the equipment, how much is done in-house and what is being traded or bought out from 
other companies over there? If you could broadly just pick up to give us a better understanding. 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, the product I talked about for the system-level products for the passenger vehicle is  the 3 in 
1 e-axle system, which entails first on electric motor and then the gear box to go with a couple 
with motor. And then we, of course, have the power electronics unit. 
What is Schaeffler offering is the electric motor, which is our own design of the motor and the 
gearbox. The power electronics, we are working with a partner who is going to give us the power 
electronics, which is customized to suit the motor and the axle, the gear box that we are offering. 
So as Schaeffler, we are offering this 3 in 1 e-axle to the customer. That's what it is right now. 
And the start of production is still some distance away, which is, I guess, in 2024. And right 
now, we are at a stage where the designs are almost getting frozen, and we will be moving to 
proto type stage. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
What will the value per vehicle of this entire system broadly, if you could just give us a range to 
understand? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, I had shared this in my earlier investor call as well. When we start to get into the system 
level offering, our content per vehicle easily is going to more than double, and earlier with IC 
engines our content per vehicle used to be in the range of 30s and we then further upped it with 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
PUBLIC 
the demanding applications coming in the IC engines to mid-40s. But I would say that with the 
EVs coming in -- our content per vehicle is on set to double. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
So maybe around EUR 60 to EUR 70 per vehicle is well to double in, is that. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that will be the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar for closing comments. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please 
do reach out to me at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Schaeffler India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability)  
Registered Office: 
15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park), 
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details:  
Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com 
Website:  
www.schaeffler.co.in 
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
 
 
