Secretarial Section 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: L65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.22/2023-24 
 
 
  29.04.2023 
The Manager, 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street. 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543596 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: TMB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor & Analyst Meet – Q4 Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the Investor & Analyst meet hosted 
by the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited on Audited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2023, has been made available on the Bank’s website at the 
following link: 
 
 
https://tmb.in/investor-relations.aspx  
 
We are also attaching the Transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Prakash Chandra Panda      
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PRAKASH 
CHANDRA PANDA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=c31acab385b494090fb214eceef2cb6c0ef3
9893bed46a32f86e14823cadd3b5, postalCode=628002, 
ou=SECRETARIAL, o=TAMILNAD MERCANTILE BANK LTD, 
c=IN, cn=PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA 
Date: 2023.04.29 20:28:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 29 
 
TAMILNAD MERCANTILE BANK LIMITED 
TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTOR AND ANALYST MEET 2023 
HELD AT MUMBAI ON APRIL 24, 2023 
 Moderator: 
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  A very warm welcome to all of you.  We are very 
glad to see you all here and appreciate you for taking the time and effort to join us here 
today.  Welcome to the investor and analyst meet of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited.  
We also extend a very warm welcome to all those who are joining us virtually over zoom.  
Allow me to introduce members of the management team present here with us.  We have 
Mr. S. Krishnan, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. P.A. Krishnan, 
Chief Financial Officer.  We will start with a brief introduction from the Managing Director 
followed by a presentation on the business and financial performance and talk about the 
future opportunities that the company is looking at going forward.  This will be followed by a 
brief question and answer session.  I request you all to keep questions at the end of the 
presentation.  If anyone wishes to ask a question please raise your hand and we will 
provide you a microphone.  For those joining us over zoom, request you to please put your 
questions in the Q&A chat.  We also request you to mention your name and organization 
before asking the question.  Thank you.  I would now like to invite, Mr. S. Krishnan to give 
his opening remarks.  Sir. 
 Mr. S. Krishnan -- MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Thank you and good evening to everyone who have come here in person and also through 
the digital mode.  At the outset, let me say that today morning, the board of the bank 
adopted the audited financial results for the fiscal 22-23 and also the Q4 of 22-23.  I'm very 
happy to share with members that the bank has registered the highest ever net profit off 
₹1,029 crore, so also the operating profit is the highest and the net interest income.  
Besides that, the numbers on the key parameters like NIM, ROA, gross NPA, net NPA, 
PCR, and CRAR are one of the best in the past 10 years.  The performance of the bank 
overall in all the parameters are very, very good and I can tell that when we gave the 
guidance to the street last time on various parameters the bank has surpassed or achieved 
the commitments that was given to the street.  We said the net interest margin will be about 
4 and we ended up with 4.46.  ROA of 1.75 to 2 and the ROA is 1.97.  Return on equity 
above 15, it is 16.78 and this return on equity is pursuant to the additional capital, which 
was raised by the bank during 22-23 and the bank came as the listed entity during that 
year.  The gross NPA was estimated to be less than 2 and it is 1.39.  the net NPA was 
estimated to be less than 1 and we are at 0.62.  The cost to income ratio guidance was 
given as 42% to 44% and we ended up the year with 42.24%. 
 This is what in a nutshell I have to say and when I met last time after the results. I was 
talking about the RBI’s approval for expansion of the branch network and we said that we 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 29 
will be opening around 25 branches during 22-23.  The RBI’s approval came somewhere at 
the fag end of Q3 and we could open 21 branches during 22-23 of which some of the 
branches in other states.  The bank has put its first footprint in the northeastern state at 
Guwahati branch, which was opened recently.  So, this is in very brief where the 
presentations are available.  My colleague is there to quickly walk you through the 
presentation and once that is over, we will definitely be much happy to interact with you, so 
that we can take it forward.  Thank you very much. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, Sir.  I now invite Mr. Ashok Kumar to commence the presentation.  Sir, please. 
 Mr. P.R. Ashok Kumar – Deputy General Manager Planning & Development, Tamilnad 
Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Thank you, Sir.  Yeah, we thank you very much for all of you for on our invite for having 
come for this event.  I'll quickly take you through this presentation.  Some of it has been 
covered by our respected MD and CEO Sir.  The performance highlights of our bank for the 
year ended as our MD Sir has already covered, we have made the highest ever profit - net 
profit of 1029 crore and operating profit of 1,573 crore, net interest income of 2,094 crore.  
Some of the best in the performance of the bank so far in the last 10 years, the NIM which 
is at 4.46%.  ROI has moved to 1.97%.  Gross NPA which is the lowest in the last 10 years 
at 1.39%.  Net NPA is at 0.62.  PCR which is the highest in the last 10 years is at 90.90%.  
CRAR is at 26.26%.  The shareholder’s value which is the net worth book value and the 
EPS, the networth has grown to 6,928 crore from 5,336 crore last year and it is the best in 
the last five years.  The book value is at ₹437.53.  EPS is at 68.06.  The ROA, ROE, and 
the capital adequacy which we have already seen, so I'm quickly jumping to the next slide. 
 The deposits of the bank has grown by 6%, advances by 11%, total business is grown by 
8%, the net profit year-on-year basis it is grown by 25%, operating profit at 4%, and net 
interest income is grown by 15%.  Some of the key parameters and the key ratios, the net 
profit it is as we have already seen it is 1,029 crore to 1,573.  The net income is at 2,094 
and the NIM has gone to 4.46%.  The gross NPA, net NPA, which we have already seen, 
so I'm skipping.  So, on quarter-on-quarter basis this is the growth that we have made.  The 
net interest income which has grown to 527% on a year-on-year basis, it is 7.99%.  Gross 
NPA is at 1.39.  Net NP is at 0.62.  The other ratios which you have already seen.  The 
CET 1 ratio is at 24.61%.  Some of the efficiency ratios which are credit cost, which has 
come down from 0.63 to 0.40.  The cost of fund has come down from 4.9% to 4.71%.  The 
cost of income ratio also has come down from 42.29% to 42.24%.  The cost of deposit also 
has marginally reduced from 4.91% to 4.71%.  The yield on advances is at 9.43.  The yield 
on investment it has slightly gone up from 6.74 to 6.85. 
 The yield on the funds has slightly increased from 8.65 to 8.69.  On a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, the credit cost is at 0.4% and cost of funds is at 5.15%.  Cost income ratio has 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 29 
slightly gone up 43.14.  Cost of deposits is at 5.17.  Yield on advances has slightly 
increased from 9.46 to 9.90.  Yield on investments is at 6.85 and yield on funds it is at 
9.12%.  The gross NPA and net NPA, which we have already seen and its absolute value in 
terms of it has reduced from 570.92 to 521.46 on a year-on-year basis and net NPA has 
come down from 317 crore to 229 crore.  The sector wise NPA on YoY basis, there has 
been a marginal reduction on every parameter, I mean every segment.  The retail it has 
come down from 55.7 to 44.  Agri is 48.  MSME has come down from 271 to 184.  In 
corporate slightly it is up 196 to 243 crore.  The slippage ratio as such on the overall 
portfolio, it has come down from 1.7% to 0.82.  On a segment wise basis, the absolute 
numbers are available, it is the PPT you can see.  The movement of NPA, it is I mean the 
year has opened with the 570 crore and it is closed with 521 crore.  There has been a cash 
recovery upgradation and the write off.  The first edition is 271 crore as against the 
reduction of 320 crore.  The PCR stands at 90.90.  SMA on a YoY basis, I mean the overall 
SMA it has come down drastically from 4,191 crore to 2,447 crore in the financial year 
2023. 
 The sector wise SMA on a retail segment it has come down from 1,137 crore to 971 crore.  
Agri MSME and across all segments there has been a considerable reduction in the SMA.  
The stressed asset ratio it was at 4.46% last year, it has come down to 3.18% for the year.  
NPA as segment wise quarter-on-quarter basis there has been a considerable decrease, 47 
to 44, 77 to 48 in Agri.  MSME 294 to 184.  In other segment slightly it has increased, but 
overall gross NPA it has come down from 591 in December and it has - I mean from 591 to 
521.  The slippage on a sector wise quarter-on-quarter basis, there also there has been a 
reduction in retail and agriculture.  There is slight increase in the MSME and other segment 
it is almost the same, but overall it is from 50 crore to 70 crore.  The moment of impact on 
quarter-on-quarter basis from Q3 it was 593.  Q4 it has come down to 591 and there has 
been a considerable reduction through recovery and upgradation.  The fresh addition 
compared to the reduction it is lower.  The reduction has been more. 
 SME on a sector wise on quarter-on-quarter basis, there is a slight increase in the retail 
segment.  Agriculture that is a considerable reduction.  MSME also there is a reduction from 
1,068 crore to 924 and other segment drastically it has come down from 525 to 341.  
Stressed asset on quarter-on-quarter basis, there has been a considerable reduction here 
also.  The overall percentage, it has come down from 4% to 3.18%.  This is a position of 
restructured advances.  The restructured advances on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it has 
come down from 896 to 785, which is around 2% of the overall portfolio.  The sector wise 
restructured accounts, the details are visible on the screen.  There also it has come down 
overall from 896 to 785.  Retail segment, there is a reduction.  Agri and corporate also there 
is a reduction and MSME there's a considerable reduction from 341 to 306 crore.  So, on all 
the segments, the accounts have come down. 
 The overall business mix which is deposits and advances, the deposits it has grown from 
44,933 to 47,766 crore on a YoY basis and the advances 33,748 to 37,582, which is around 
11%.  The overall deposits portfolio contributed by CASA and term deposits term deposits it 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 29 
is 13,736 - sorry the CASA is at 13,736 and term deposits 34,030.  CASA ratio is around 
29% and the overall advances portfolio, retail, agri, MSME, and the corporate sector out of 
this, the RAM segment, which is the retail, agri, and MSME contributes to around 87% on 
the overall total advanced portfolio.  So, various other income parameters which are there, 
which is available for you for doing analysis.  The gross profit from 1,516 to 1,572 it has 
grown.  The net profit on a YoY basis it has grown by 25%.  In an absolute term, it has 
grown from 821 crore to 1,029 crore.  So, the balance sheet it has increased from 52,858 to 
57,895.  These are some of our strategic partners and this is our branch expansion.  We 
have around 48.49% in semi-urban, 20% of branches in urban, 16% in rural, and 14% in 
metro.  This is our presence across the country present in 17 States and 4 Union 
Territories.  Some of the awards and accolades which is available on the net.  Thank you 
very much for your patience in hearing and I would request our MD Sir and also request 
your questions, which will be answered by our MD Sir.  thank you. 
 Moderator: 
 Thank you, Sir.  We'll open the floor for questions now.  We request you again to mention 
your name and organization before asking or typing the question.  We will first be taking 
questions from participants here and followed by participants that are joining us over zoom.  
Thank you. 
 Mr. Mayank Agarwal -- Ingrid Capital: 
 Hello.  Hi, this is Mayank Agrawal from Ingrid Capital.  So, first congrats on the good set of 
numbers Sir.  So, my first question is on branch expansion, so what would be our branch 
expansion plan in FY24-25? What are the states we would be opening the branches? My 
second question is that large peers are heavily investing in technology and how we plan to 
compete with them and save our market share and what would be the impact of our branch 
expansion and OpEx on the our overall OpEx trajectory?  My next question is on growth.  
So, which product would be driving our loan book growth from here on and also what would 
be our strategy on deposit acquisition on the current interest rate scenario?  My last 
question is, as we have a very large agri book, how could a poor monsoon can affect our 
asset quality performance there? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan -- MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Thank you.  As far as the branch opening is concerned, during 23-24, that is the current 
fiscal, we plan to open around 50 branches.  The last fiscal, we opened 21 branches as I 
said.  These 50 branches, the location will be across the country where there is a good 
potential available, that is the centers which we will be taking and these new branches 
which we are opening, yes we are conscious of the OpEx getting increased because of the 
new branches, but we are also consciously taking the decision and picking up the center in 
such a way that I'm able to have a quick break even. 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 29 
 So, we will be able to manage that and this current fiscal, we plan to have around 50 
branches opening.  As far as the IT investment and how to be with the market, let me give 
you a small favor to all of you that the bank has embarked upon a large-scale digital 
transformation along with the business process reengineering.  We have engaged one of 
the best consultants for the business process engineering.  As in phase 1, we will be 
focusing on the MSME, which will include the digital also as far as the MSME space is 
concerned.  We have also taken up other than the digital transformation like revamping of 
my mobile banking, net banking, and bringing a lot of digital products to my customers, so 
that we can be with the best available in the industry.  We hope to have majority of these 
completed during the fiscal 23-24.  As far as the growth and the strategies are concerned, 
the growth will be advances, we will be growing around 15% - 12% to 15% on a very 
conservative basis.  The strategies, we will continue to focus on the RAM segment while 
the mix may vary.  Today, I have 87 and 13.  The mix may vary a little here and there, but 
the focus will continue to be on the RAM segment where I have totally diversified risk - no 
concentration risk, and that is the area where the entire nuances are well known to the 
bank.  So, the growth percentage as I said will be around 12% to 15% and the strategy will 
continue to be in the RAM segment.  The other question was about the monsoon and the 
climate change is being studied and by and large as far as our portfolio is concerned, we 
feel that 23-24 should be a good one.  We expect good monsoon for Tamil Nadu this year, 
so we hope that it will be good. 
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Sir, Kejriwal here from Kejriwal Research.  Couple of questions.  Sir, we are trading roughly 
20% cheaper than our IPO price.  Even at the time of IPO, we had another person who was 
heading the bank and the bank looked very attractive where it had come, 3 quarters have 
gone by and our price has slipped, is there something that I am missing which the market 
doesn't want to understand or is there something you could enlighten us as to why we are 
trading where we are? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan -- MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Probably this question you may be a better person to enlighten me.  If you look into, I will 
say that any parameter you take this is one of the best.  I don't say that we are the best in 
all the parameters almost we are best in every parameter that I can say.  What is required 
for any investor stakeholder is by and large looking into the networth, looking into the book 
value, EPS, ROA, ROE everything is good.  Probably the float is what I feel, the float if it 
increases, it may also be, so I expect that the market will be definitely recognizing the 
performance and we will wait and watch. 
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Sir, are there any - is there any improvement on the legacy issues or is that still haunting 
you or what? 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 Mr. S. Krishnan -- MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 No, as far as the legacy issue is concerned, the issue are subjudice, but that has nothing to 
do with the bank that is what I want to clarify, that is nothing to do with the bank, and even 
earlier also that had never come on the performance of the bank.  If you look into the 
performance of the bank year after year, it has been extremely good, but the legacy issues 
are one by one is getting resolved, some of the issues have been resolved, some are 
subjudice before the different courts of law, so that in the due course the courts of law will 
decide. 
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Sir, last question you mentioned about the growth factor that RAM will continue to drive 
growth, could you be a little more specific on that RAM is already at 87%, so within RAM 
anything particular that you are looking forward to drive the growth? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan -- MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Okay.  See, what I said was that my focus will be on RAM that is what I said.  I also said 
that today I have 87:13 mix of RAM and corporate, but it may vary here and there, this is 
what I said meaning that probably from 87 I may come down to 85 or 83 or I may go to 89 
like that depending on the potentials available.  Why I said was that I'm not averse to the 
corporate, the corporate I'm selective, and if I get a good corporate definitely, I will be giving 
the exposure - taking the exposure of there also.  Now, within the RAM where I have today 
if I look into around 37% of my loan book is from the MSME and there is a very good 
potential in India for the MSME, so we will be concentrating on that.  Second, we are also 
concentrating on the retail.  So, my strength, if we really look into, it lies on these RAM 
segment, which I will like to continue to utilize that strength and grow, but at the same time, 
I’m also open for the corporates, where I get a good corporate. That’s why I said, the mix 
may vary here and there. 
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Sir, last question. We’ve done a payout of roughly 15% of profit. Is that a fair assessment 
going forward, or it could vary year to year? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 As far as the payout is concerned, no company will be able to say that will it be a constant 
for the future continuously; you know that payout depends on various factors, right? So, if I 
look back at history, if history is going to be one of the yardsticks to envisage the future, if 
that’s the case then Yes, if you look at the history of the bank, the bank has been 
consistently paying good payout, a reasonably good payout. So, that continues, let us hope 
for that. 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Thank you.  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 Sir, Ramesh Motwani from Mehta & Vakil. First and foremost, you have delivered an 
excellent performance. 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Thank you.  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 And, one can see from your body language and your expression, you are also happy about 
it.  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Absolutely. When analysts and investors are happy, I am definitely multiple times happy.  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 Because, you introduced to us that this is the best performance in the last 10 years.  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Yes. 
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 So, this is excellent and full marks to your team who has worked tirelessly and seen to it 
that in each and every area and segment there is a remarkable improvement. Sir at the 
moment, your CASA is 29%, you’re adding 50 branches. So going forward, do you see this 
CASA ratio improving higher, say to 34-35%? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Yeah, that’s the whole idea. See, if you look into the very purpose of enhancing or 
increasing my network numbers, is how can I tap CASA? As far as the other business is 
concerned, today we can do that through digital and other things, right? So, this is the 
whole idea – how I can do? So, my estimate is by and large to you. But again, the bank, we 
always give a very conservative estimate, because our… is, we give an estimate and we 
should surpass it; that is our practice. So, I say that, as a guidance, in 3 years we would be 
reaching around 35% of CASA.  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 29 
 Excellent! Wonderful! And second or the last question was, you are lending across sectors 
and segments – MSME, corporate, retail, agriculture. You showed remarkable decline in 
the stressed assets. Are you seeing any concentrated stress segments, sectors, areas, or 
individual corporates going forward?  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 See, the thing is, I will answer to you in general for the industry, and then specific to my 
bank. If I have to say that, in rising interest rate scenario, naturally there will be little pain. 
And, who are more fragile? If you ask, definitely it’s the MSME or the retail who are more 
fragile than the corporates, who may be having deep pockets; they may be able to 
withstand the shocks. Then, if I extend that logic to my bank, one can always say that, you 
have more of retail and MSME, and you say they are fragile. But the numbers will now 
prove that yes, it is the TMB who has reduced the stressed assets also. Now, my 
experience in the last 4 decades in the industry is that, the MSME and retail are fragile, but 
what is required is handholding. If we are able to handhold them, guide them and take them 
in the right path, they will be able to do wonders. So, that’s what TMB is really doing, that is 
how we are able to bring down the stressed assets, and educating the credit discipline is 
another requirement in the country. There are many people who will be able to pay, but why 
to pay on day 1, why not on the 90th day? Now, if we go and explain to them that this is your 
impact, your credit history will be spoiled, and if you pay in time, then these are the 
incentives that are available, and they are ready to pay.  
 Now what I have done is, I have linked my rate of interest based on the credit risk score. So 
naturally, when we go and explain to him, they are incentivised. So, they have come 
forward. This is one of the techniques which we adopted. But, the only thing is, the number 
of customers will be more in retail loan and MSME than a corporate. So, the bank has to 
take larger pains which we are used to, that’s how we are able to bring it down.  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 Excellent sir! And going forward, we are looking at a regime of lowering of interest rates 
which has been indicated. This time the MPC has put the date on hold. And, we are 
expecting inflation to soften and come down, which has happened. So, going forward 
scenario, we are looking at atleast 25-25-25, three times a reduction in the rate, which will 
be helpful in our overall strategy. 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Absolutely!  
 Mr. Ramesh Motwani – Mehta & Vakil: 
 Thank you and all the best.  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 29 
 Welcome sir, thank you.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 Sir, this is Prabal from Ambit Capital. Sir, when we are focusing on RAM segment, MSME is 
37% of the book, but the growth there is just 6%. So, why are we not able to grow that 
segment? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 See, it is 6%, but if you look at last year, they were picking up, the MSMEs. I’m talking 
again about the whole of the industry. If you look into MSMEs, they were having lot of pain 
during COVID. After COVID times, they started picking up, so there will be little… New 
capacity is coming in, new industry is coming in, which was at a slower pace. So that’s the 
reason it was at 6%. And, the percentage again if you look into, is based on the base 
number. Within my base… my base is small, but within my base, the MSME base is little 
more. That also constitutes. But yes, there is good scope for retail. We have been 37% in 
MSME. Within the RAM segment also we need to diversify. So, that was the reason why a 
retail push was given and we were able to take it. Nothing otherwise.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 And, on the competition, we are seeing some of the large players becoming very 
aggressive in the MSME segment. They are growing more than 30% even on a larger base. 
How do we plan to compete with them and how do we plan to retain our customers? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 See, as far as we are concerned, we have a niche market in the MSME. And, as far as the 
service is concerned, the bank offers the best services. So, I do not find it as a competition. 
Where the competition can come is on the pricing. On the pricing, there is a possibility of 
some big players giving a lower price. But today when I analyse what is the pricing I and the 
others are giving, they are almost comparable, almost comparable. I don’t say we are better 
than them, but it’s almost comparable; I have not passed on some of their things. That is 
one reason, otherwise my NIM would have gone further high. I thought my NIM is good at 
4.47 or 4.46, so let me have this. As far as the pricing is concerned, we have rationalised 
the rates, we have not passed on some portion of the rate hike, the bank has absorbed it. 
So, pricing too is also not a big competition, though it is a competition. But by and large 
what any borrower would do is, he will be satisfied if I’m able to give a timely credit delivery. 
They don’t mind in even giving a little extra when the service is good. So, towards 
enhancing or improving that PAT… I said in the beginning that we are embarking upon a 
large-scale digital transformation, more particularly on the MSME as a BPR (Business 
Process Re-engineering). So, the digital state of the art will be put, LOS will be put in place. 
And ultimately I expect that I’m able to give end to end digital lending to my MSME 
borrowers in the first place so that there will be hassle free banking for them.  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 29 
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 So, just on the stat, what is the TAT currently, let’s say for an MSME customer?  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 It depends on the type of requirement and also the quantum.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 Let’s say it’s a fresh loan of Rs. 5 crores? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 On an average, it is about a week to 10 days, which we propose to bring down substantially 
through digital. That way, my LOS will have an interface with various agencies, be it GST, 
be it IT, be it Aadhaar or Udyam portal. So, I’m able to quickly give the in-principle 
sanctions and then there will be a centralised hub where I will have specialised people to 
process it, and my relationship manager will be in touch with the customer, so that I can 
bring that down substantially. So, towards this I was saying that we are also in partnership 
with one of the well-known consultants to bring the best practices across the globe.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 And sir, what is the niche that we’re targeting? What is the ticket size that we typically 
target? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 My ticket size today is around Rs. 25 to 50 lakhs, by and large. And in the niche market 
what I said is, today I have larger presence in the southern part of the country. Not only 
Tamil Nadu, I have larger presence in the neighbouring states like Kerala, Karnataka or 
Andhra, where there are lot of MSMEs. And now I have started enlarging my presence at 
Gujarat, where I’m reasonably good. And out of 21 branches, I have recently opened one 
branch at Morbi. Wherever I have, and in all the places, we have established the brand 
image of the bank, particularly on the service front. So, those become the niche area for 
me.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 Sir, and just one last question. On this risk-based pricing, you said that now the customer 
who has a lower score and a higher graded score will get the benefit of the pricing. Was this 
not the case earlier? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 It was not earlier. In the sense, we have now strictly fixed that, particularly on the retail side 
and other things; it’s strictly based on that. There were internal ratings also. Now, what 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 29 
happens is, I want to inculcate the credit discipline, I want to educate the customers – what 
will happen if the credit history is spoiled In India, that is what is more important. I’m able to 
see the result myself in my bank. That is how the stress book has come down substantially.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 And sir just last, have you heard from RBI that you need to increase the PCR from, let’s 
say, 55% to 70%? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 No no.  
 Mr. Prabal – Ambit Capital: 
 Thank you sir. All the best. 
 Participant: 
 Sir, first of all I want to know, our bank name is Tamil Nadu. It gives a regional image. Your 
performance has been superb. Now, your focus should be on retail or SME, because that is 
likely to be vulnerable. That is an upcoming industry which is very likely to faulter in 
repayment and all that. So, where would you like to focus which can give you better returns 
in future? 
 And no. 2, you CASA, somebody has mentioned, if it is of a standard nature, it should be 
atleast 35-40%; many banks are reporting that. Ours is a bit lower sir. So, you should work 
into that. Somebody mentioned that the market has not responded. Even though this has 
been around, it has not really responded so well. It is anticipated it will be good, but it has 
not gone so much even today. So, what are the measures you’re looking for, because you 
mentioned float is low too. How will you increase float? Are you increasing the capital or 
Reserve Bank is asking? Sometimes the Reserve Bank focuses and asks you to increase 
capital. If it is not so, what are the other measures you would like to take sir? Those are my 
questions. I’m in the investor category, not among the… 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Thank you. Your first question was whether it is a regional based bank since the name 
indicates so, right? Have I understood your question properly?  
 Participant: 
 Because today’s news is, all the PSU banks are likely to be privatised; that is today’s news. 
So, more competition is going to come in.  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 29 
 Yes yes. No, today, whether it is private or public competition, the same people are there 
with the ownership difference. You are asking whether I am a regional bank and also you 
were saying the name indicates so or something like that. In the morning also I was talking 
to someone. I say that I want to make this bank as a pan India bank. Now, whether the 
name itself indicates a regional bank? I was referring to the fact that, if we take, for 
example, India’s largest bank i.e. SBI which has a global presence… So if somebody asks 
that your name carries India, is it specific to a country? Definitely not. So likewise, my name 
cannot be taken that I’m specific to a region. Yes, it is true that a large number of my 
network is today in the southern part of the country. So, that is what matters more than a 
name. Hence, we are very conscious of this. We are expanding in our places. As I was 
saying, yes, now I have gone to the north-eastern state to begin with. So when we expand 
this year 2023-24 also, we will be focusing on the other states where I do not have a 
presence, where there is a good potential for the business. So these will be the factors 
which will be weighing merits, while I decide on the place and the number of branches.  
 Now, coming to the other question of my CASA, undoubtedly CASA is lower at 29%. But 
ironically, if you look at the industry as a whole, wherefrom the CASA geographically comes 
more, if you analyse, mostly it will be from belts like North-east and states like Uttar 
Pradesh. If one analyses. I know that there are lot of analysts here who would be having 
more data than me. That is where it is coming from. So, that is another reason why I’ll be 
expanding. Somebody asked earlier, will the network be increasing for CASA purpose? 
Yes. Otherwise, today brick & mortar is not required, I can digitally connect with people. So 
going forward, we will be expanding in those places where I have good potential for CASA. 
And as I said, as a conservative guidance to the street, we will be taking the CASA to 35% 
in another 3 years or so.  
 The other regarding where I would be focusing within the RAM segment, to know whether it 
is under retail or MSME, let me again give a flavour of my loan book. Today my loan book 
within RAM if I look, the retail represents 20% of my loan book, around 30% is agriculture 
and around 37% is MSME. That is how it is distributed. As I was saying, yes in MSME we 
will be continuing to focus on. We are also focusing on retail and agriculture where again I 
have a good foothold, where again I will be having good margins. So, we are looking into 
that. That’s how my growth in retail, if you look at, it was the highest growth in Q4. If I look 
at it year on year, the growth is around 16% in retail, agriculture is around 15% and MSME 
is 5%. I hope this answers your question  
 Participant: 
 But one thing sir, how will you control NPAs in the future? Because, NPA is again one thing 
which is creating doubt in the minds of the people regarding the growth. NPA earlier nobody 
was bothering about, but now it has become a parameter while looking into any balance 
sheet. And, CASA deposits I told you about already. So, these are the things which give a 
better impression to the investor community or anybody who wants to open a new account? 
And lastly sir, which is giving you the least NPA – retail, MSME or any other segment? 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 29 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 See, as far as NPA is concerned, yes, it is very very important, one, which is for a banking 
company. But, from the data you would’ve seen that my NPA year after year is coming 
down, and it has come down to 1.39 in 2022-23.  
 Coming to which sector has the least slippage? I can say that my overall slippage itself is 
less than 1%, it is just 0.82%. So, when my overall slippage itself is 0.82%, that gives a lot 
of comfort as to, should I go further and drill down? If I drill down, in absolute numbers, 
retail had a slippage of 18 crores during 2022-23 against 66 crores. Agri is almost flat, I can 
say, with a slippage of 47 crores against 42 crores; a marginal increase of 5 crores. MSME, 
which normally people would think is risky, which you were also expressing, the numbers 
speak otherwise. My MSME slippage is just 170 crores against 355 crores. And of course, 
as far as corporate is concerned, I have a very small portion – slippage is only 37 crores. 
So, this clearly indicates that though per se if I compare, it is only retail where an increase 
of 5 crores over the previous year is there, 5 crores is miniscule, as good as flat. And 
MSME, which is considered as risky, prone to slippages and other things, it is proved in 
TMB that my slippages are much less.  
 How this has happened is, only though effective monitoring, close monitoring, increasing 
the collection efficiency. So that is how we are able to maintain the asset quality.  
 Mr. Sandeep – Unifi Capital: 
 Sir, this is Sandeep from Unifi Capital.  Sir, my question is on the dividend policy. Sir, you 
mentioned that there are lot of parameters on which you decide what the payout is going to 
be. Sir, can you just discuss a bit as to what kind of parameters are actually stopping you to 
declare a higher dividend payout? For eg. We have large banks which are actually growing 
higher than you and have a low capital base compared to you, and they are still declaring a 
higher dividend payout compared to you. So, what is stopping you from declaring a higher 
dividend payout? And also, our growth expectation is around 12 to 15%. So, there is lot of 
room to declare a higher dividend payout. So, can you just speak on this a bit?  
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 I have noted your point of higher dividend payout. See, if you look into it, I have paid 100% 
dividend i.e. Rs. 10 dividend has been paid for Rs. 10 share, including the interim dividend; 
it is not paid, it is proposed. The final dividend has been recommended by the board today. 
Now, whether it is to be 100, it is to be 110, it is to be 150 or it is to be 80 or 90, these are 
all matters which can be discussed. I only say that, if you look into the past history of the 
bank, the bank has been consistently paying dividend year after year, and maybe it has 
also been increased over a period of time. I take your point. Probably going forward we can 
think what can be… we will deliberate it more.  
 Mr. Sandeep – Unifi Capital: 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 29 
 Sure, understood sir. Sir one more question, it is on growth. Sir, you did mention that your 
focus is actually to improve the RAM segment, and within RAM your focus is on MSME. Sir, 
can you just speak a bit on this as well? I mean, the MSME book has grown by almost 6%. 
You mentioned one thing, that you were actually adding branches, you are actually doing 
end to end digital loans to your MSMEs. Sir, apart from this, what kind of efforts are you 
actually taking to improve the loan growth in the MSME segment, because it consists of 
almost 35% of our book. So, what kind of efforts are you actually making. For eg. Adding 
frontline staff and all? So, what kind of efforts are you taking over here? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 Sir, I will be having a separate marketing team in the bank. As of now, that is specifically 
not there. So, there will be a sales team who would be scouting for good business. There 
would be a funnel where all leads would come. So, when I said that I’m going for state of 
the art loan originating system, that will include the lead management also. So, just like any 
other good bank, there would be lot of references put to the funnel, there will be screening 
from that and I will be able to take it forward. So, there would be a separate marketing team 
with relationship managers and other things. We are in the pipeline of working that out. I 
also said that we are in the process of Business Process Re-engineering, for which we 
have also engaged one of the good global renowned consultants. And going forward, I 
expect that this will increase my sales force.  
 Mr. Sandeep – Unifi Capital: 
 Is this going to be a major reason to increase your MSME book? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 One of the reasons, which will increase. 
 Mr. Sandeep – Unifi Capital: 
 Okay, understood. Sir, one more question on the corporate book. In the last quarter, you 
actually mentioned that almost 20% of decline in your corporate book was actually because 
few of the corporates didn’t renew their credit limits. And this quarter, we have actually seen 
some improvement. So, are these the same customers or are these completely new 
customers which are on board? 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 No, I will correct that. I didn’t say that some of the corporates have not renewed. I only said, 
it got matured. This is the exact words I remember to have used. It got matured during the 
last quarter, and I said that, yes, going forward, whenever their requirements are there, 
definitely we are there to serve them and they are there to bank with us. So that’s what I 
said. It’s not that they have not renewed with me. But yes, as far as your question is 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 29 
concerned, whether this increase is out of those customers? That could be a part, could be 
new also.  
 Mr. Sandeep – Unifi Capital: 
 Okay, thanks.  
 Mr. Arun Kejriwal – Kejriwal Research: 
 Sir, there are three types of institutions who are serving the MSME – NBFCs, banks and 
SFBs. If I am an SME, what prompts me to go to either of these three? Is it the interest rate, 
is it quick servicing, is it banking at my doorstep, if you could give us some flavour? That’s 
because, every day we find that the competition here seems to be heating up. 
 Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
It is a mixture of that. If you ask me, it is a mixture of that. What the MSMEs want is… many 
of the MSMEs, even today, in the country, they may not be able to reach out to banks. 
Despite the fact that there is a financial inclusion, there is inclusive banking, still there are 
money lenders in the country which cannot be disputed. Why it is happening is that, still 
there are people who are not aware of the banking channel who are not able to come. Now 
the question is, how these people are able to reach out to them and take their business? 
So, some of the MSMEs, well, now they have grown, well informed of what is their banking 
and other things. There are still many people who are yet too. So, it is a mixture what will 
drive them to approach whether the SFB or NBFC or SEB is a mixture of that which 
includes the TAT, the timely service, service at their doorsteps, educating them, helping 
them. Many of the MSMEs they do not know. They know how to do the business but they 
do not know how to give the presentations, how, what is required. They will simply say that 
‘I want this. If I have this much money, I can do this much’, this is what they will say. 
 
- Now, the question comes on educating the customer. So, if we are able to play all these 
roles with competitive pricing, probably, we will be on the top of it. So, a mixture of that is 
required.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- So, our loans are what? These are all secured loans?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. 
 
- Participant: 
 
- We have a lot of loss against it? I mean, how does it work?  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 29 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- I can say that the unsecured lending in our bank is miniscule. It's less than 1%.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- So, it is mainly loan against property, loan against some building.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No, it is not only loan against the property but they are secured in a sense we give for the 
Working Capital. A lot of my MSMEs are for the Working Capital purpose, but we do have 
the security. There are people who say that they have security, they don't mind. Instead of 
keeping the title deeds in their house, they lodge with me as a security.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- And this portfolio that we have, what would be the average yield for just the MSME 
segment?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- I can ask my people to give it.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Sure, thank you. 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Welcome. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Sushil Choksey, Indus Equity.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Sir, congratulations on the result. Sir, first is, what is our presence in the southern States if 
you can break up?  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 29 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Okay. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Business. I don't mean branches.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Okay. Business will be by and large…one minute, I’ll give you. See, I have a total business 
of around 85,000, both the deposit advances put together. Out of that, around 65,000 is 
from the state of Tamil Nadu. So, that alone answers your question.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Okay. Sir, next is, what percentage of your customers have touch points on cross-sell? 
because you have RAM, you have agriculture and you have MSME? Does your MSME 
touch up on any other product then borrowing from you?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah, we are now doing, in fact, if you look into, we have entered into tie ups with the third 
party also. And the cross selling for the MSME where their requirement is there for their 
own purchase of house or like that. We also do that. So, by and large, now it is maybe…I 
cannot say that I have much of the cross selling. Each customer may be having around 1.5 
to 1.75 products.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Sir, my direct question is, you have Chola, Sundaram, Muthoot, Manappuram. I can keep 
adding and if you look at their Balance Sheets or even West based affordable housing or 
gold loan companies, tractor financing companies, possibly that is the missing link where 
your advances are concerned; possibly.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- We are working on those areas. So, probably, FY23-24 should give us. We also have a 
detailed strategy, meeting of the Board slotted for the next month where we will be 
deliberating at length as to what are all these things and I hope that when I meet you all 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 29 
again, if not earlier at least immediately after the Q1 results, I wish to meet you even before 
that, I'll be able to throw much more light on those things.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- So, the question there is, will you make sure that the expertise is inhouse or you will do it 
with cross selling by DA or by doing co-lending?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, I will be doing it with direct DSA. Already it is in process. I will also be having co-
lending which is in the discussion stage with me. So, as far as the inhouse talent is 
concerned, yes, currently we are using the inhouse talent and in addition to that I am 
planning to have the DSAs and also the co-lending.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- So, now the technology spent, looking at those businesses and the current business 
synergy which you are on expansion mode or you will be coming to west or east, what kind 
of spend we are envisaging over a period of three years? 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, as far as the industry is concerned, the technology industry is concerned over a period 
of three years, probably I may be investing around Rs.200 crores to Rs.250 crores.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Okay. Now, you may be working with Boston McKenzie or whoever, doesn't matter. They 
are the frontends. The backends who are working… 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- For technologies? 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Not only technology but on the partnership and people who work behind them.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah-yeah. Yes. 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 29 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- They are people who are with rich experience like yourself. Your previous roles, I have 
seen myself in various organizations, what stops you from doing 80% retail or 75% RAM 
and 25% corporate?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No, I was telling, Mr. Choksey, that, yes, it is not the current 87:13 is not a rigid ratio. That is 
what I was telling. There will be a little…If you look into that, probably if you ask me, you 
said 75:25 and I will say that 80:20 to begin with will be a better proposition. So, we are 
working on that. That is why I said that this ratio is not very rigid; 87:13 is not a rigid one. I 
may be going here and there. So, that is how and we are very much open for taking good 
corporates.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- What do you think will be the biggest enabler for your business to do better than what you 
are doing today? If I ask you 2-3 steps besides technology and opening branches and 
make sure that CASA is one of the function of that,  what will enable Tamilnad  Mercantile 
Bank to do much better than where we stand today in three years?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, one is, I'm also having a HR transformation in the bank, right. You said that barring the 
technology, you have already excluded the technology which will be a good enabler, so 
apart from the technology what will be and I said that we are also doing a business process 
for engineering. Today, the bank is a 100 years old bank, so there are processes which 
may be required to be totally transformed, reprocessed so that I'm able to give the best 
services within a short span of time. So, that business process engineering will also help 
me to a great extent coupled with the HR transformation.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Because the States where your business is 85%-90% today is agriculture, there is 
manufacturing and the major part is services business and one State has a huge amount of 
tourism too. Now looking at diverse segments, how do you capitalize on…What are the one 
or two areas of expertise which the bank will develop first?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
- See, as far as the expertise is concerned, today I have expertise on agriculture, I have 
expertise on Retail and Services. So, definitely we will be capitalizing those things and the 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 29 
State which you referred, yes, good scope is there, excellent opportunities are there. In fact, 
today in the same hall earlier part when somebody was talking that we have larger 
concentration in the State of Tamil Nadu will you like to have. I said that, yes, within the 
number of network what I have, if I look into I have larger concentration but if I look into 
what is the potential in Tamil Nadu, have I tapped the entire potential, definitely it is not so 
and still I have untapped and I can still do there.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Sir, what percentage of our loans, agriculture loans, are backed by gold?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Backed by gold? Around Rs.10,000 crores is backed by gold issued loans.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Sir, is it possible in future that your Housing Loans and Auto Loans, all this segment retail 
can be broken up in the presentation?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah, definitely. Sure, we can.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey - Managing Director, Indus Equity Advisors Pvt. Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you for answering all my questions. 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Yeah. 
 
- Participant: 
 
- Sir, you made quite a few valid points in the course of the Q&A. One thought came to my 
mind.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. 
 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 29 
- Participant: 
 
- Are you seriously looking at micro finance in Tamil Nadu itself? Or in your MSME segment, 
the M which stands for ‘Micro’ is an upgradation from the microfinance itself?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah, I can say it is an upgrade of that. It is an upgrade of that. So, already if you say that 
way, I am financing  lot of micro; micro industries. So, it is a Micro Finance you can say but 
the microfinance company per se who will be concentrating on different types of customers 
where they will be able to reach the last mile. If you ask me, am I going to do that? I may be 
doing some, a portion, in the areas where I have this or the other one which the other 
gentleman was asking that  ‘What are you into?’, one is the co-lending. So, I will definitely 
be taking that route where we have a synergy.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Wonderful, Sir! Thank you. All the best.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Gaurav - Tunga Investments: 
 
- Hello, Sir. This is Gaurav here from Tunga Investments. Sir, I have one question on the 
MSME. As I think somebody asked earlier, there have been a lot more focus from large 
private sector bank on the MSME segment. One thing which has happened in the last 3-4 
years is the availability of GST data, right, which has democratized a lot of that and now we 
are thinking about digitalizing the bank and like we will catch up to that thing what these 
large private sector banks are already doing. What would be our edge going forward? Like 
we are in the catchup mode, if I can say so, what will remain our edge considering the 
MSME is a large segment for us?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, as far as the technology, the digital front is concerned, we are in the catchup mode. 
We need to catch up, which is a statement of fact. But there is enough business in the 
market. It is not that only those banks who have already got the technology are able to get 
the business. There is enough market is available. As far as my edge is concerned, as I 
said, that we have a great experience in dealing with the MSME. Because since your 
question is specific to the MSME, we have a great experience of a century of financing the 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 29 
MSMEs and when we have serviced for 100 years we have come across the cycle many 
times. So, we know the climate, we know the cycle how it will be. So, we will be able to. 
Added to that, when I'm going to have the technology, I will have a great edge amongst all 
the people and this technology will not take much of that time. I expect that it will be 
completed as quickly as possible.   
 
- Mr. Gaurav - Tunga Investments: 
 
- But, Sir, can you just talk about what is this edge? Like what exactly are we doing? Is it a 
doorstep or knowing something specific about those industries? Is there some qualitative 
thing that you're talking about? What exactly is this thing?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No. See, I was telling you that what is today required for MSME is handholding. When I say 
handholding, it is starting from educating them as to what is to be done and having a 
personal relationship, meeting them, greeting them and when you visit the customer very 
frequently, you come to know of the pulse of the business, the so called EWS – Early 
Warning System, whatever software I have, this will be a better EWS and when my person 
visit very often, discuss with him and understand what are the pain points, where we are 
going to have the pains so that we can take the corrective measures and that helps the 
MSME entrepreneur that he doesn't fall into any of the problems because if he falls into the 
problem, I fall into the problem and if I stop him from falling into the problem, he is very 
happy. So, that is what we do and that is the great edge that I have.  
 
- Mr. Gaurav - Tunga Investments: 
 
- And, Sir, just one more question here on the same point. If these large private sector banks 
continue to drive down the pricing will, will we continue to match them or is there some 
other niche that will be focusing on then?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No. Again, see, I told you that when I did a comparative study of the pricing, particularly of 
the MSME segment, of various banks I am not an outlier. I was telling that I have not 
passed on some of the rate hikes which I absorbed because, yes, I do have the capacity 
today. So, I absorbed some of the rate hikes though I have passed on a portion of the rate 
hikes. So, I am not an outlier today as far as the pricing is concerned. 
 
- I also said that it is not the pricing alone which is going to drive a customer to decide in 
favor or against of a particular bank though it is one of the important drive. So, when I am 
not an outlier, added to that when I have a good service, when I understand and handhold 
him, I don't find that I will have any difficulty.  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 29 
 
- Mr. Gaurav - Tunga Investments: 
 
- Got it, Sir. And, Sir, in this MSME segment like suppose we have Rs.100 of book, like when 
we talk about growth is it largely existing clients which grow this book or is this new client? 
What is the typical proportion?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- We do have the new customers. We have the concept of new customer acquisition. So, it is 
a blend of that, both the existing and their new customers. Existing customers alone may 
not be able to drive you a large growth, so we do have the new customer acquisition.  
 
- Mr. Gaurav - Tunga Investments: 
 
- Would you be able to just give a directional comment how it would be? I don't want exact 
number but… 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- I can ask people to work out and give you, okay.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Sir, I just realized that our book value is almost Rs.400 today, with this addition of New Year 
and our market value is very pitiable. Now, what are the reasons, you can find out yourself, 
Sir. So, one thing I would suggest, if you don't mind.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yeah-yeah, please. Please-please. 
 
- Participant: 
 
- Your face value Rs.10 today, without change in your Balance Sheet you can just split the 
stock split. That will give your float automatically, your value will increase. That is the one 
thing, Sir. And secondly, Sir, as I thought more branches come in an area where CASA can 
increase, they will carry a message to this bank that this is the one bank because results 
are fantastic, I found, but the valuation wise it doesn't look to be very handsome. Well, this 
is my suggestion. If you can look into it that will be best.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
- Sure. Sure, sure. Thank you. Thank you for your suggestion.  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 29 
 
- Participant: 
 
- In the interest of the investors.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Definitely, Sir. Definitely. Thank you for your suggestion.  
 
- Participant: 
 
- Thank you. 
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Sir, hi. This Sandeep again Sir, you mentioned a few things. For example, you mentioned 
that you are actually looking to tie up with DSAs and actually looking to do co-lending and 
you'll be adding branches, you have recently added a marketing vertical plus HR 
transformation. You mentioned these few things. Sir, in this context, considering your size, 
how do you see your guidance of 12% to 15% growth? Is it conservative?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Very, very conservative. I told you that we normally give a very conservative estimate and 
surpass that, that is what. I myself said that it is a very conservative estimate that we are 
giving.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- So, what is the aspirational number for you then?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Good question. The aspirations are always very high. Probably my aspiration will be to 
reach the sky. That may be the aspiration. But definitely, yes,  we will be matching with the 
industry.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Oh! Okay. So, what's your estimate on industry growth then for FY24?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 29 
- You may be a better person to tell, Sandeep. Is it not? Yeah, we will be matching with the 
industry.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Okay. Understood, Sir. Sir, one more question is on yields. Sir, your yields have actually 
improved by 45 basis points on a quarter basis. Your yields were almost similar for the last 
2-3 quarters, so what has actually led to this increase?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, the rates were increased; the Repo Rates. Today I have around 48% to 50% of my 
loan book are linked to the Repo Rate and, earlier, some of the Repo Rates were this one 
and there is a time lag of three months in our bank to pass on. So, that got matured, hence 
there is an increase in the Q4. That is how it has come.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Okay-okay, understood. So, is that large amount of pass on is completed or it is still… 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Pardon? 
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Is a large amount of pass on off rates is completed or there is still something left for now? 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Maybe now another three months will be there. The ALCO has to take a call. I cannot 
comment here. On 1st of May or 30th of April or so the ALCO of the bank will be meeting 
and they'll be taking a call.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Sir, I'm asking this question because our yields are almost been stable over the last 2-3 
quarters and the yield started increasing right from May onwards but still till December the 
rates were almost stable. So, actually the question is that the customer segment to which 
you are lending, okay, are they okay to take a price hike? For example, your MSME 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 29 
segment, the discussion some time back was actually that there has been not much pricing 
increase in that segment. So, are these customers now okay to take that price hike?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No, I told you that I made a comparison of the pricing of the different banks and also mine 
and I'm not an outlier. So, I don't find that I am an outlier and then there is a concern. 
Rather I'm comparable with most of the peer banks.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Okay-okay, understood. Sir, just one last question on your slippages. Sir, this time MSME 
slippages were almost 90% of our overall slippages, what contributed to these kind of 
slippages? Whether large amount of this came from restructured book? And is there 
anything which you anticipate in the coming quarters from MSME book?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- See, I don't anticipate much of the slippages. I will only request that to look into the holistic 
picture. My slippage ratio is less than 1. It is 0.82% and when it is 0.82% I don't think that 
there is a great this one. Going forward, I said the guidance that, I will be containing less 
than 1%. That is what the guidance I gave and if you look into the SME book, the SME 
book has also improved a lot. It has come down substantially from around 12% to 6 point 
something. So, there is not much of a thing. I don't envisage great slippages.  
 
- Mr. Sandeep - Participant: 
 
- Okay, thank you.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Welcome. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- Good evening, Sir.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Very good evening, Ashok. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 29 
- Sorry, I'm late. I was online with other bank and then… 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- I'm very happy to see you here.  
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- Sir, we have the ad hoc provisioning of this COVID ad hoc of Rs.300 crores, which has not 
been utilized and rather it is increased from Rs.250 crores to Rs.300 crores. Do you think 
you will be requiring, looking at the composition of your portfolio and when you say that the 
slippages are very-very low, so are you going to use some of this in the coming quarters to 
give a better end results; the bottom line?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- No, as of now, we don't have such a plans. I have kept it as a contingency, right. So, as you 
observed that I don't expect the slippages also. Good results built, which will be used for the 
rainy days.  
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- And, Sir, I might have missed your replies, but you know the composition of the book which 
he was also talking, how exactly do you plan to come to that 2080 and thereafter maybe 
2575 because ultimately for a bank like yours now, which is a public listed bank, you cannot 
indefinitely just dependent on the retail loan book only of such a high percentage? So, what 
exactly is the roadmap? What is basically the thinking, first? And how are you going to 
achieve that so that your business gets spread, growth also takes place and the bottom line 
increases?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yes. See, if I have to answer your question specifically, what are the plans, how I'm going 
to gradually change the mix, probably, I may be starting with the mid corporates where I 
may have exposure of say Rs.100 crores or Rs.200 crores or Rs.300 crores like that 
instead of going to the large corporates with say Rs. 1000 crores or like that. So, I will be 
slowly growing from this to the mid corporate and then to the large corporates also. This will 
be one path which I will be adopting. At the same time, as I was telling before you came, 
that we are very keen on good corporate also where we are comfortable, where we 
understand the business, where it suits our policies of the bank. We are with open mind and 
we are in dialogue for that. So, hopefully this year we will be able to pick up a few of the 
corporates also where it fits into my policies and slowly, gradually change the proportion 
from these 89 or 87 to bring down to 80:20 and then 75:25.  

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 29 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- What about going through the NBFC route which reaches to the last mile?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- I told that we are also planning to have the co-lending. That's what when Mr. Choksey was 
asking, I told that we also have a plan to go for the co-lending and we will also be having 
the DSAs which will help me to improve the retail front. But this NBFCs will be having the 
co-lending partnership where I can improve the business.  
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- On the Treasury side, Sir, now since the rates are stable now and you have a good…I think 
the modified duration. How much is the modified duration?  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- It has come down. 2.9.  
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- 2.9. It needs, I think, a little more. So, there what are the plans? I mean, now the Treasury 
should start giving some good income on the… 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yes, I expect this year it will give good income. Last year was bad for the Treasury. So, we 
were having some mark to market and other things. This year, I expect that it will give me a 
good income which will add to the bottom line. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- Do you plan to put some money in the Treasury, in the CPs of the companies where the 
yields are much higher? You know, still the CPs, the corporates are borrowing from 8.5% to 
maybe 9.25% or good rated companies for three months, six months, nine months or a 
year, so there, I think, you can make some good income there. 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Good income also, yes-yes.  
 

 
Investor and Analyst Meet 
April 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 29 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- I think some funds can be deployed there also.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Yes, sure-sure-sure. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- Anyway, Sir, thank you very much Sir and compliments to you for good results.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- Of course, the bank still has a long way to go under your leadership.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Sure. 
 
- Mr. Ashok - Participant: 
 
- So, thank you. 
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you.  
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you everybody. Thank you for joining us in our Analyst Meet today. Since there are 
no more questions, I invite all of you to join us for high tea and any informal discussions 
with the management. Thank you.  
 
- Mr. S. Krishnan - MD & CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd.: 
 
- Thank you. Thanks a lot for sparing your valuable time and coming over here. Thank you. 
 
End of Transcript 
