 
 
6th March, 2023 
 
The General Manager                                       The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department           Listing Department 
BSE  Limited                                                    National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,                               Limited 
Rotunda  Building                                            “Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers                                                        Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort                                              Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001                                              Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249                               NSE Symbol: KSBPUMPS 
 
 
Sub: Transcript the Institutional Investors Meet   
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 24th February, 2023 and 1st March, 
2023 enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional Investors Meet held 
and participated on 28th February, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on records.  
 
    
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB LIMITED 
 
 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mail to 
:     (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. (India) 
Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000  Fax : +91 20 2742 6000   Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office :  Office No. 601,  Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg,  Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91  (022) 2168 
1300  Zonal Offices:   Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA 
CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
SIGN
SHRADDHA 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411037, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=PUNE, l=PUNE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7865c362f8bd8d6414ed7e1866bf016e9cfc9c20a
e0cad7543911710f41202dd, 
pseudonym=4b8f0dcc89864fad92514bca0f35d018, 
2.5.4.20=30573d99a72dc3a3583a9b68803a636d63f096c220cf6
9765a12605a5792a1f5, 
email=SHRADDHA.KAVATHEKAR@KSB.COM, cn=SHRADDHA 
KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2023.03.06 15:46:23 +05'30'

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Shraddha Kavathekar - Company Secretary 
 
Moderator: 
I welcome you all for the Investor Meet of KSB Limited. It's our 
pleasure to have with us the KSB Limited Management today. As we 
all know, the KSB is part of KSB SE & Company, world's leading 
supplier of pumps, valves and systems. In India, it got founded in 
1960. The company is amongst the top 10 players in the industry, 
industrial pumps and valves. It manufactures the wide range of pumps 
for agriculture, wastewater management, energy, which is nuclear and 
conventional power, oil and gas sector. It also supplies pumps to other 
industries like paper, household sector, textile, pharmaceutical, landfill 
processing. With pleasure, I introduce the management on the right, 
Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director; and in his right, Mr. Mahesh 
Bhave, CFO of the company. 
 
I would like to hand over the mike to management to address the 
audience with the brief presentation, which will be followed by Q&A. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good morning all. Am I audible? Thanks for joining this and thanks 
ICICI Securities for arranging this. Before I start a cautionary 
statement regarding forward-looking statements. This presentation 
may contain certain forward-looking statements relating to the 
company future, business development and economic performance. 
Such statement may be subject to number of risks, uncertainties, and 
other important factors such as, but not limited to competitive 
pressures, 
legislative 
and 
regulated 
developments, 
global 
macroeconomic and political trends, fluctuations in currency exchange 
rates, and general financial market conditions, delay or inability in 
obtaining 
approval 
from 
authorities, 
technical 
developments, 
litigation, adverse publicity, and news coverage which could cause 
actual development and result may defer materiality from the 
statements made in the presentation. The company assumes no 
obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 
So, today we'll be covering our organogram, KSB India presence, 
KSB India applications in India, success stories, major development in 
2022, market penetration. Top 10 customers will discuss customer 
approvals completed in '22, order intake overview, net financial 
position, major investments, revenue trend, profit trend, EPS trend, 
branding activities exhibitions, and last but not least, ESG activities. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
 
So we start with organogram, Mr. Jain who is present with me, he 
heads KSB India. I'm heading Finance, Mr. Shirish Kulkarni, who 
heads HRD; Mr. Bhathena, who heads Sales and Marketing; Mr. Patil 
heads Nuclear Operations; valves is headed by Mr. Raja; Mr. Philip 
heads Quality; and Mr. Seshadri heads PMPS; Mr. Sunil Bapat who 
heads Standard Agricultural and Solar Pumps; SupremeServ is headed 
by Rajesh Kulkarni; and Mr. Watve who heads Purchase and Foundry 
Operation. So this is the senior management team. 
 
We go to the regional presence of KSB India. So we have seven 
manufacturing locations. We will go in detail, four zonal offices, 14 
branch offices, five service stations, more than 200 authorized service 
stations, more than 1,000 authorized dealer who spread all over the 
country. And of course, we have licensing office in Bangladesh, and 
we have business through dealers in Nepal as well as Bhutan. 
 
So with this, we go to our Energy Pump Division, EPD which is in 
Shirwal, which leading to energy pumps, as well as nuclear pump 
manufacturing. We have Irrigation & Process Division, IPD which is 
in Pimpri, which is into standard as well as project pump 
manufacturing. So this is inside the Pimpri plant photographs. We 
have SupremeServ and Central Warehouse in Chinchwad. So here we 
are providing services, that is one. Second is repair pumps, and third is 
we are the central warehouse. These are the inside photographs of the 
Central Warehouse and SupremeServ. 
 
Standard pump, Nashik, this is in Sinnar, in the Nashik and we have a 
manufacturing plant for Standard Pumps, which includes domestic as 
well as Agri. Foundry division, backward integration we have this CI 
as well as steel foundry in Vambori, near Ahmednagar. These are the 
inside photographs of foundry. And we have valves factory in 
Coimbatore and these are some inside factory photographs of valves 
factory. We have MIL as our associate company, which is in Kerala, 
which is in the manufacturing of valves and these are control valves 
basically. These are some of the photographs of MIL factory. 
 
KSB Tech, yes we have engineering again, associate company, KSB 
Tech Private Limited. They're into engineering services and IT service 
support to the global KSB Companies. This is situated in Pune City. 
These are some of the photographs of KSB Tech office. 
 
Going forward, KSB India applications. So we are into energy. So this 
is high pressure, multi-stage pumps, vertically line pumps that get 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
globe check valves and ball valves and applications are boiler feed 
application, condenser, extraction, et cetera. We're also into a general 
industry, which includes end section pumps, process pumps, non-clog 
pumps, high pressure multi-stage pumps, et cetera. An application 
again, boiler feed application, oil and gas, sugar, paper and pulp, 
petrochemicals, et cetera. 
 
Going to water and water, this includes submersible pump sets, Open 
Well Monoblock pumps, Mini Monoblock pumps, solar products, 
again GGC & ball valves. Applications are irrigation, farmhouses, 
firefighting, drinking water supply, et cetera. 
 
We are also into wastewater. This is submersible motor non-clog 
pumps, horizonal non-clog and suction pumps. Again, GGC & ball 
valves, now these applications includes various types of municipal and 
industrial wastewater, sewage [indiscernible] [00:06:53] transfer 
treatment, stormwater drainage, dewatering, et cetera. 
 
Construction submersible pump set, Open Valve Monoblock pumps, 
Mini Monoblock pumps, dewatering pumps, booster systems, et 
cetera. And applications, drinking water supply, firefighting, HVAC, 
that is HVAC et cetera. SupremeServ as we discussed, this is covered 
spare parts where we are have a central warehouse, repairs, field 
service, modernization, and replacement pumps, which is again, a very 
important activity. 
 
Yeah, moving forward, a success story. Good news, which is of 
course, we declared maybe few months back that now the IPR transfer 
is successful and we have got this transfer of technology from BPCL, 
this is a solar exclusive. So we are now solar exclusive owner of 
technology for the products manufactured by BP&CL. 
 
Moving ahead, some of the other success stories and major 
developments in '22. So highest order intake 20,456 mile for '22 in 
conventional business, highest ever sale 18,083 mile in '22, similar 
plant, which is again cross ₹600 crores and our Coimbatore plant, 
again crossed ₹300 crores, so these are all milestones which we 
achieved. As I mentioned, BP&CL IP Rights acquisition, significant 
improvement in KSB voice employee engagement score. So this score 
has improved from 64 to 78. Again, a great milestone to achieve in 
employee engagement. 
 
NPCIL order, which we discussed last time, eight reactor coolant 
pumps worth ₹5,013 mile for Kaiga 5 and 6 reactors. Good growth in 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
Mechanical Seal business. And we see a very good progress in sunrise 
sectors like firefighting, solar, defense, railway, life science 
applications. We are open to new branches in Patna and Guwahati and 
the licensing office as we discussed in Bangladesh, new E2E 
solutions, that is for eSales rollout, that is completed integrated 
website and web shop and new valves learning center, we'll see the 
photographs of the valves learning center. 
 
So this is inaugurated this year, and this is very interesting. Visitors 
can learn all about valves, not only virtually, but also through 
handsome work, through a comprehensive collection, cut models, 
assembly table and course material. Valves Steering Committee 
meeting, workshop and business promotion of control valves. So this 
was done in the MIL campus. 
 
Yeah, moving forward, market penetration. Top 10 customers you can 
see compared to '21, '22 few customers like Megha Engineering, 
IOCL, they have come in our top 10 based, Thermax continues to be 
there, BHEL and we have certain dealers also like Rishab, Pooja and 
Patil and NTPC and Thyssenkrupp. They continue to be in the top 10 
list. 
 
Few customer approvals, which we got for our plants, Pimpri plants 
we got it from for Siemens and DGQA, Thermax et cetera. For EPD, 
again, for Siemens, DGQA, Thermax et cetera. And valves, we got 
this Mitsubishi Japan that is approved by customer and PED 
surveillance audit as well as PER. And foundry division, we have got 
approval from NPCIL. 
 
Okay, this is an interesting slide, which gives us sector wise, industry-
wise, order intake bifurcation. We can see the standard pumps, which 
is actually reduced a bit from 48% to 46% compared to '21. And we 
can see engineered pumps, which is actually increased from 19% to 
25%; SupremeServ, more or less same 15% to 14%; and valves, we 
can see slight reduction compared to '21. 
 
Yes, net financial position, we can see a reduction. I will come to the 
reasons mainly as the CapEx, what we have invested from the internal 
accruals, including the IPR rights. So net financial position has 
reduced from ₹358 crores to ₹262 crores. Major investment, so this 
includes 
IPR 
right 
acquisition 
and 
admin 
building-related 
constructions and patent-related investment, employee cars and other 
miscellaneous CapEx. Of course, this includes nuclear localization 
investment also. That is ₹17 million. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
 
You can see the revenue trend. We are growing and from 14,937 now 
we have achieved 18,220 in revenue, this is revenue from operations. 
Profit, yes. So we are growing revenue, maintaining the profit growth 
also. So profit has grown from ₹107 crores to ₹240 crores compared to 
'21. And you can see the growth, EPS this is again, you can see in 
2010, we were at 33.5, just as a comparison from 2010. And now 
compared to 42.1, we have achieved 51.5 in 2022, some of the 
branding activities, Indian Plumbing Conference and Exhibition, 
which held in Pune. Then we had this Tech Expo at Vapi, Gujarat, 
Amptech India Pharma & Lab Expo which held in Visakhapatnam and 
[indiscernible] [00:12:52] which is held in New Delhi. So here, like 
footfalls, we had stalls and we had visitors from the respective 
industry and was a good interaction breaking ahead the business and 
networking. 
 
Yeah, some of the ESG activities, environment activities. So, with aim 
to carbon footprint reduction of KSB India successfully commissioned 
the biogas plant for the food waste generated in canteen of EPD, 
which is in our Shirwal plant. And of course, some of the other 
activities like we have this electric vehicle, which is there we are using 
for interplant transfer, rainwater harvesting and LED bulbs in our 
offices and shop floors. Environmental initiatives, of course through 
plantation, deep irrigation and gardening, certified green building. 
 
Social initiatives, we had some cultural events, in fact across all 
locations, sports tournament, outbound programs, health and 
wellbeing, communication meet like open forum, and we could see the 
results, as I mentioned in our KSB voice, we have improved the 
employee engagement score also. So with all these activities and 
involvement of employees is increased, which is a good sign. 
 
Social initiatives, which includes again this is a continuation of 
employee engagement and welfare. We had good state-of-art of 
offices at Chinchwad, we have renovated our offices. And 
Secunderabad, you can see the beautiful pictures of our new offices. 
 
Social meetings, continues to be CSR activities which we always 
been. So this is a few photographs of Yashodhan Charitable Trust at 
Wai in Maharashtra and Pragati Girls School at Khandala, 
Maharashtra where we are helping these schools. Zilla Parishad 
Primary School again, so this is basically skill development project. 
KSB has helped to develop RCC structure of two classrooms in both 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
the schools and both schools management expressed their gratitude 
and appreciation for KSB Care Charitable Trust for helping on this. 
 
Yeah, that's it. As far as the presentation is completed, and forum is 
open for question-and-answer. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today. 
Special thanks to some guests who have come from outside Mumbai. 
So thanks a lot for joining in today. Yeah, your questions, please. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Can you please pass on the mic, please. First in case of Nuclear 
Pumps, can you understand the current status of the execution, which 
we're expecting from Q1 of '23? Current status for that? Also, the 
execution that we were expecting for the second ₹500 crores order? 
 
And the execution for the next ₹500 crores order that we were 
expecting from CY '26, current status of that. And are we on timelines 
or we are not. And we were expecting inflow of two more orders of 
₹500 crores each, which I think the tender was not open by NPCL. So 
current status of that also, if you can share? And with moderation in 
commodity prices, have there been a -- so there was an upward 
revision from ₹400 crores to ₹500 crores because of commodity price 
increase. Now that the commodity price were moderated, do you 
expect this ₹500 crores of order value to be revised downwards? Any 
view on that? So we had an escalation clause, I think, when the prize 
rose. And so any moderation, if at all there is? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Okay, I try to answer these questions. First of all, the existing order 
for GHAPV, I think it is going well on track, the -- due to all the past 
epidemic and all the issues we got a delivery extension up to May, 
April '24, that was for the first four sets. And this year we planned to 
dispatch two pump sets, if not one at least, minimum one. But we are 
hopeful to dispatch two. This first pump set we, the first pump casing, 
we should dispatch it maybe in June or July. The process is that this 
casing will go to the site, and this has to be welded because the test 
bed is being built by NPCIL. So that is a bit behind, but we have to 
wait and see how that happens. 
 
But irrespective of that, our first casing should go by July. And also 
the motor should follow in that those month or the next month. So 
with that, we will complete our first unit, and then depending on the 
progress in the test bed, then we can take it subsequently. Because the 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
first pump has to be tested. The first pump is more critical. There is an 
extensive testing, and that -- once that happens, then the delivery 
becomes smooth for the remaining things. 
 
So to answer your question in short, yes, we are on time and we hope 
to invoice one pump minimum, maybe two in this year. And the next 
two, of course would go in the schedule. So we are on track as per the 
revised amendment, which we have received. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. So basically then two pump sets by that you mean ₹100 crores -
- sorry ₹250 crores is a possibility this year, but ₹125 crores, we are 
reasonably sure of executing this year, starting from July? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
If two pump sets means around ₹100 crores. There are eight pump sets 
for a value of ₹50 crores each, and then the remaining accessories site 
activities and all those things. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So because of the testing of the facility, which NPCL that, so I think 
Q1 was the earlier timeline for execution for ₹50 crores. So that has 
caused this delay? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, it will go to Q2 or maybe early Q3, but that doesn't delay the 
whole order inset. Contractually, we are supposed to complete the first 
four pump sets in April '24. So contractually, we are on -- we had kept 
ourself a bit of a tight schedule for that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And so we've acquired Bharat Pumps the technology. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So one minute. I answer the second part. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sorry, sorry, please go ahead. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
And the second part is that the new order that is for Kaiga, that is also 
started -- the execution is started. The execution becomes easier 
because all the document approval, all the initial I would say, 
requirements are met with the first prototype pump. And when you 
make the first prototype documentation, then it's only a question of 
manufacturing. And hence, the second order is also of eight pump sets 
is also on track. And we hope to complete it well within the timeline, 
which has been set, because as I said, the first pump is more critical. 
 
Your third question on the commodity prices, I think this is a fixed 
price contract with a PVC clause. So accordingly, the first order is 
received. The second order is received based on the condition, the 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
date, the enquiry was there, and it was finalized, so with a price 
variation clause. So that is as the commodity prices moves, it'll be 
there. So the remaining two projects which were postponed that we 
hope the tender should come out in this year, and we will bid 
whenever that comes out. It is expected in the second half of this year. 
So I think that answers your question on NPCL. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in case of Bharat Pumps, the technology right that we have 
acquired so. Can you elaborate on the strategy, the nature of pumps 
we are looking to produce the scale and the competitional margin 
profile, which that can come from these pumps? And when are we 
expecting starting, executing these kinds of orders for our company? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. To give you on this topic, I think this is a -- as my colleague 
Mahesh mentioned in his presentation, this is a bit of a good news, 
which has come our way. Bharat Pumps & Compressors Naini, 
Allahabad, they closed down and then they put their technology up for 
sale. And KSB bidded for this technology and was successful in the e-
auction, which happened. 
 
The company spent ₹28 crores for this bid. And the reason we spent or 
we went for this bid because it offered a good amount of 
opportunities. The Bharat Pumps & Compressors had some very good 
products in various segments. They had licensees from good overseas 
companies like ClydeUnion, some U.S. companies also reciprocating 
compressors from new pinon. And quite, there are 10 licenses in this 
deal. And KSB, we see a good opportunity in the aftermarket 
business, that is where our company is focusing on as one of our 
strategic measure. So this vertical is one of our focus, and this BPCL 
acquisition helps us to get our larger, wider market access. 
 
BPCL has applied many pumps to PSUs for special applications and 
the installed base, maybe more than 4,000 pumps. And they were the 
sole kind of manufacturer in some special applications. And so there is 
a big opportunity for supplying spare parts and replacement pumps in 
this segment. KSB with its infrastructure, with its technical base, it is 
very -- I would say comfortable for us to easily adapt and bring in 
these pump as well as spares to our customers here. 
 
So this is one big advantage, what we see for ourself. Second is some 
new product like reciprocating pumps, which is again, a niche market. 
And we are exploring the possibility of doing this ourself. And of 
course there are other products reciprocating compressors and some 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
other components for cylinders, which we will evaluate what we have 
to do. 
 
They also have pumps for a nuclear application, which KSB anyway 
has it. So KSB, we KSB are not looking at developing those products, 
because KSB is quite well ahead in those segments. We are only 
looking at to serve the aftermarket with spare parts. So to answer this 
question, I think this is a big opportunity for KSB, which will last for 
many years ahead, where we continue to cater to an aftermarket, and 
also develop some products which are not there in the KSB mark 
basket for oil and gas, which I did not mention earlier, is there are 
some products KSB has been continuously developing products for oil 
and gas, and they had products already for the complete range in API 
market, and which KSB will maybe upgrade and we complete the 
product basket. 
 
So that is how we look at this opportunity. And the present status is 
that we have already acquired the drawings. These were -- this was a 
big chunk of drawings. We have to get seven or eight containers full 
of drawings. We have put it in our Shirwal plant, and now we are, 
because these are all old drawings in paper form. And so 
transparencies, we are now putting them together and putting them in 
an electronic form, scanning it and putting it. So this will take some 
time. And hopefully, this year we'll do all that work, and maybe next 
year we will come out with the first sales. 
 
But having said that, I think we are already started selling and 
marketing those things. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Also, just to follow-up to that, so compressors we mentioned that we 
are still evaluating as an opportunity, because we have been a pump 
company. So to -- whether to venture in compressors or not is still 
under evaluation or…? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I just say it's under evaluation. Okay. Yeah. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The question is on the standard pumps. So if you could just help us 
break between the Resi and the Agri part of it. What's the underlying 
market size of these two? And one, what has been growth of the 
underlying markets for both Resi and Agri side? And in our previous 
meetings, you had highlighted that we want to penetrate deeper, and 
there were a lot of actions on the design and the cost side that you 
were initiating, so that that will help us increase our market share. So 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
where are we in terms of the market share movement? So these are the 
questions on the standard pumps. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. In standard pump business, there are two verticals. One is the 
Agri and domestic, if you treat them as one, but normally they're 
treated separately. Agri market, domestic. And we have also a big 
vertical in industrial pumps. So industrial pumps, KSB is very strong 
there in good terms of market share, also in building market as well as 
a little bit water market surface pumps. 
 
But on the Agri and domestic, historically we had a good position, but 
we slipped there and we lost our market. And we have been trying to 
get back into the market of these, which I've mentioned earlier. Now, 
this market is a big market in terms of size. We may be having only a 
5% market share there. And when I combine this markets, so there is a 
score for improvement, but what we have seen is, there is always a 
price pressure, and always it's a price driven market. 
 
And somehow, we will never be the cheapest in the market. And so 
we are rethinking our strategy on these things, because especially in 
the view of change in the environment requirements, we are more 
focusing on efficiency driven pumps. What I mean by that is, as part 
of the best and the B guidelines, now the Star rating criteria is more 
stringent. And today KSB enjoys or is in the leading position for the 
number of four star and five star rated pumps. And this advantage is 
sometimes not recognized or not visible in the market. It is sometimes 
there in the government tenders, sometimes not in the private market, 
not yet. And this is what we want to change our strategy to not go the 
price way, because there we compromise on the product qualities and 
cut corners. So we are trying to focus more on the bigger size pumps 
that is the 6-inch, 8-inch, 10-inch, and make them more efficient with 
design changes, getting in new technology and developing new 
hydraulics, so that we have all these pumps qualified in the star rating. 
And I think that is our focus in the future. 
 
You asked the question, how much did we grow in last year? I think 
our growth was in the range of around 12% in these things. But of 
course, I should admit here that it was also held by a price increase on 
last year. And -- but irrespective of that, we continue to focus on a 
double-digit growth for this segment, which may not be very 
aggressive considering our market position. But as I mentioned, this is 
a very much price driven market. And we want to do something 
different to ensure that that this is not basically, we want to follow 
that, but we want to create our separate initiative there. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Second question is on the industrial side of the business. So how has 
been the order flow movement that we have seen over the last four 
quarters? Because when we look at some of the other industrial 
companies, while the revenue growth is looking good, but sequentially 
we have seen a slowdown in the order flow quarter-over-quarter over 
the last three quarters. So how has been, if you just carve the industrial 
piece, which is the industrial and the process piece? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
For us, industrial business has been very, I would say very good sector 
for us. In fact, if I see the figures last year, if I recollect, we almost did 
₹300 crores in this segment alone. And why I see this as a very growth 
and a prospective sector is because of the products which we are 
bringing in. Our strategy at KSB is basically, again, and again, I say, 
is a product driven company. And with our access to German Group, 
availability of products, technology, we have been continuously 
bringing in products. We brought in the split case pumps, Gamma, 10 
bar split case pump, which has been very successful for us in the first 
year itself, we have sold around 500 pumps. So that is one product 
which is helping us in the industrial as well as building segment 
opening pillar pumps, which we have CPK SO for the ethanol 
projects, where ethanol processing is happening. We are very 
successful with all the key contractors. 
 
And in fact, that pumps, we are selling more than 4,000 pumps per 
annum. So, this industry is helping us, and that's why we see a lot of 
good development. A new initiative, which I should mention to you, 
KSB, I always say is a pioneer to bring in new technologies, and you 
must be reading a lot about Vande Bharat trains. And for these Vande 
Bharat trains, and all these locomotives, the pumps in earlier times to 
Siemens, ABB, Bombardier, these kind of locomotive suppliers were 
supplied by KSB Germany for the cooling system of the traction unit. 
 
And now we have started making the pumps in India. We have got the 
first prototype orders also from Siemens. And so this is also a big 
opportunity for us in the future. And this will help us to bring a new 
business opportunity in these things. So in short, I would say kind of 
product basket, which KSB Group has. And this helps us to target a lot 
of segments. And hence I am very bullish about industry segment per 
se, and this will be one of our strong verticals for future growth. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir can we share like, what is the revenue breakup of Standard 
Engineered, SupremeServ valves and other domestic? We used to 
share that in last presentation? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we shared the order intake. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Order take we shared. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Order intake is there, but I think revenue is it possible? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
I think we shared order intake is actually sales for last year, so if you 
can clarify. The data points, we have what you shared as order intake, 
actually revenue number for the last year [indiscernible] [00:35:11]. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
See that order intake and sales for Standard Pumps is not much 
difference. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
If you can look on that slide, I think there is. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Is this what you are mentioning? 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah. The numbers, what we say in order intake last time, what we 
show is these revenues. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, but as I mentioned to you, order intake and sales, there is hardly 
much difference, because we sell these pumps, through our godowns. 
So order intake and sales is normally saved. To give you a general 
answer to this, our Standard business is 45%, 48%, this hovers around 
this Standard business, which we sell to our dealers, through our 
dealers, and sometimes also OEMs. So this is our Standard business, 
project business still is in the range of 20% keeps on varying, and 
same with SupremeServ and valves, these are all in the range of 15% 
to 20%. 
 
So this is how the distribution is the maximum segment is the 
Standard business. Projects, depending last year was a good year 
where we had lot of projects for oil and gas, FGDs. So that becomes 
good. Valves is almost -- also the same around 18% to 20%. And 
valves, we somehow I call the year '22 as a year of milestones. Valves 
also Coimbatore we first time did ₹300 crores from that unit. Standard 
Pump, Sinnar, we did ₹600 crores. So these are some milestones 
which we have achieved, but a general distribution, I explained to you, 
it is something similar. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And secondly sir, just what would be the order inflow or order book, 
closing order book for the company, including the NPCL and 
excluding the NPCL? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Including the NPCL, it would be somewhere in the range of ₹2,500 
crores, ₹2,600 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And in this NPCL would be ₹500 crores? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
₹500 crores. So you minus that ₹500 crores, the order intake without 
the nuclear would be somewhere in range of ₹2,000 crores to ₹2,100 
crores between that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And sir, last basically our vision to become a number one pump 
company. I mean, what is our ranking today and when we will be? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I normally case be, we have a year financial year closing of January to 
December. Maybe other companies, some companies -- pump 
companies have March as the year-end. So I will not be able to convey 
the ranking per se, it would be a bit early, but with a turnover of 
₹1,800 crores, which ended in last year '22 December, I expect maybe 
we are at number two on the ranking per se. And this is just an 
estimate. And yes, we have drawn our strategy in the coming years to 
grow our business and with the strategic initiatives, which are there to 
bring in new products, go in new segments, you saw our expansion of 
branch offices, sales offices, all those things are there in place. So if 
we do it rightly and in the way we intend, then I think we are on the 
way for our strategy. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi sir, my first question is relating to SupremeServ. We've been 
talking about increasing the service revenue to about 20% of the 
revenue over next few years. So initiatives you are taking to do that, if 
you can highlight some of those in terms of SupremeServ? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. SupremeServ, we have mentioned that we want to make it at 
least 20% of the total turnover. Figure wise, it doesn't look great, but 
when you see our product mix and the business mix where we have so 
much in Standard business, 45% to 50% in Standard business, so it 
becomes a challenge. And when you grow in this Standard business 
that ratio looks a bit challenging. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
But having said that, I would say that there are a lot of initiatives 
which we are continuously taking. One big initiative we took was the 
plant in Chinchwad. We converted it totally into SupremeServ. We 
had in initially in our business plan to sell it off after the Shirwal. But 
we retained it and we converted into SupremeServ. What we do there 
is, we have now a Central Warehouse, and we stock our Standard 
pump spares, which today already is it at ₹65 crores, ₹70 crores where 
we were hardly doing much through the plants, because normally in 
the plants, the pumps get their priority and the spare parts, with their 
value don't get that priority enough. So we made a dedicated 
warehouse, and this is growing. 
 
We are expanding. The pressure to increase the space is always there. 
So that is one of the big initiative, service station we put up in Baddi, I 
mentioned that earlier. Subsequent to that, we have been debating on 
to put on more service stations because sometimes it's more efficient 
also to have partners who can do that, and we support them with spare 
parts. So that is a mix of growing the service business and the spare 
part business. 
 
So, we are continuously digitizing this business. We have introduced a 
new product called KSB Guard. KSB Guard is something which we 
install on the pump, and it gives us remotely all the condition of the 
pump and the wear of the pump, and we can monitor it, and we can 
monitor the requirements well in time for their spare parts also. So this 
is something which we have done. We have also the Chinchwad or the 
PPD, we call it that place. We have ramped up for winding, winding 
of the boiler circulation pumps. We have a dedicated center there. 
 
Then one big initiative for SupremeServ business is mechanical seal 
vertical. And you must have seen that in the presentation. Mechanical 
seal is a component which goes in the pump. And so far KSB was 
buying this from third-parties, but since last one year, we have started 
using KSB mechanical seals, our own produced in Germany. And the 
second is branded, KSB branded. So these are the two routes we have 
taken. In '22 alone, we sold around 16,000 seals SupremeServ as well 
as going inside our pump, just to create that installed base. So these 
seals, mechanical seals now, we started localizing them. We have 
invested in our plant in Pune. So this year onwards from the second 
half, we will be having more than 60%, 70% indigenous content. 
 
So going -- moving forward, this will keep on adding the products in 
mechanical seal and also indigenizing them. So this is, I see as a future 
big vertical or hope for SupremesServ business, because those are the 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
most commonly or the most wear out parts used in the pump. And that 
business is recurring and continues. And last, but not the least, I 
mentioned about acquiring BPCL things. So with this, I think in the 
next two, three years, we have a good future for SupremeServ, a 
business, which is comparatively at a much higher margins compared 
to a new business. So this is, I think we should see good growth in the 
next, I would say in '24 -- '24, '25 when we are settled with 
localization of mechanical seal, as well as implement BPCL 
technology inside our company. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Sir my second question is pertaining to margins. Do you think 
there is room for margin to go from here? We understand external 
challenges, but what would you like to see in terms of internal drivers 
that can drive margins up from here? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. Margins are of course, always top on our agenda. We always 
have this question of increasing the price or retaining it vis-à-vis the 
commodity price increase. So it's apart from that, that I think is a 
reaction, which we do based on the commodity prices. Like for 
example, you must be seeing that a lot of copper prices are increasing 
now, and this affects our motors, electric motors, what we make for 
submersible. 
 
But apart from that, one major internal initiative we are doing is, 
failure cost reduction. This is the most, I would say easiest, I wouldn't 
say easiest, but something which is in our control. So, warranty costs, 
failure costs, manufacturing defects, and we have targeted to over the 
years, at one-time, couple of years back -- three, four years back, it 
was 3% of our sales, which is quite high number. And today we have 
bought it down to below 1%. And that has helped our bottom-line. 
And we further want to go forward and bringing it further down to 
almost 5.5%. And if we achieve that with our process improvements, 
digitization inside our processes, proper supplier, vendor management, 
all these steps if we take it in the right way, then I think it is easily 
achievable. So those are one. 
 
Second is on-time deliveries, the LD costs. We have put a lot of focus 
on that aspects, LD costs were also high portion of our failure costs. 
But by setting up a contract management department, we have been 
able to focus there. And I'm very satisfied personally on the amount of 
success and the progress we have got there. And those are the 
initiatives which we have taken, which come to my mind. And apart 
from that, in any wage agreement, which we do with our workers and 
unions, we always demand productivity increase year-on-year. And 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
that is one of our requirements, which we will get full support from 
the union, and hence we are able to improve our productivity as well. 
 
If you see, I've not shown the figures, but if you see all plants across 
the number of pumps, one is the value revenue. But if you use the 
number of pumps, which we are making has gone up much higher 
than the value percentage. In fact, in our plant in Pimpri where we 
used to make maybe 6,000, 7,000, we are making almost 10,000 to 
12,000 pumps. In Sinnar, we will cross 2 lakhs pumps this year. So 
this is the kind of productivity increase, which we are getting based on 
combination of all these measures. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, what are your expectations from CY '24 in terms of the order 
intake visibility? You did mention about NPCL orders later this year. 
Apart from that, any industrial softness in any of your industries that 
you are witnessing? And what should be the CapEx for CY '24? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So you have to make… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
CY '23, sorry. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would say that the order intake was great last year. A record, which 
helped us last year and will help us also in this year. Moving into this 
year, I would say that, the first two months are quite okay, but we see 
some, some little bit headwinds, but not so much. I'm not so much 
worried about that, because apart from the external environment, we 
internally are working on our strategy and to get market share, bring in 
new products. So I think that momentum will continue and we will 
have also a good order intake in this year as well. Apart from the 
nuclear business. Nuclear business sometimes becomes difficult to 
predict because the time it takes, you never know. Today we expect it 
to come in the second half, but it is not guaranteed. It is the way the 
business is that maybe it goes in the next year. 
 
But we don't make our strategy or depend on that, because that is 
something over the top of our normal business. So what we are 
focusing is more on our strategic measures, going into new market 
segments. I explained that Mechanical Seal business, Firefighting 
business, Locomotive business, the BPCL acquisition. Apart from 
that, we are also focusing on Navy and Defense business, which is 
also a growing market, pumps required for surface warship, 
submarines. This is something which is the need of the hour, and we 
are exploring that as well, how we can participate in that business. 
And we -- sorry. Thank you. Thank you, Mahesh for mentioning that. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
Solar business, which was also a success last year, we did almost ₹30 
crores of our business in solar, purely by supplying to integrators. 
 
But if we start working as an integrator of ourself, then this business 
will easily double or triple. We had a plan to acquire a company in 
solar, which did not go through because the company which we 
identified, we could not be satisfied with what, when we do -- did a 
due diligence. So irrespective of that, we still are going -- growing in 
the organic way. And we continue to do that. We have developed our 
own DC motor now range, and we will intend to complete that product 
basket. With the development of DC motor now, we only have the 
controller, which is outsourced, and the panel of course. 
 
So we intend to go in that organic way, develop our role range and 
parallelly look for acquisition also in case we can get it. But solar is 
one of our also hope and a good strategic pillar for the years to come. 
So with all these initiatives, irrespective of the market -- external 
market, I think KSB's advantage always I've been saying is that we are 
present in all the segments. We cover a complete range of segments, 
You will see that as our positive advantage. So even if one segment 
goes down or there is some issue, there is something else which builds 
us out and gives us a chance to grow. And that has been one of our 
biggest trends in the group as well as here in India, that we cater to a 
big range of market segments. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And on the CapEx? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
CapEx, I think on an average, we have been having in year '22, if you 
see, we almost did -- almost ₹100 crores CapEx. And that is what 
Mahesh also showed that our financial liquidity. Since we do all this 
with our internal accruals, it slightly goes down, but that is what we 
are intending to also invest in the right areas so that this growth story 
can continue. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So the CapEx more or less would remain same? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And last question on FGD, how much FGD pump contributed 
in absolute numbers in CY '22? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
We dispatched almost 160 pumps, not totally 160, because something 
went in CY '21 as well. So I would say more than 100. We still have 
orders on hand of 150 pumps. We used to make at one-time only five, 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
eight pumps per month, but now we have ramped it up to almost 10 to 
12, and we want to go up to 15. When I say this, FGD pumps are not 
as simple as I make it sound, because these are big pumps, but the 
process has now standardized. Everything is standardized. The supply 
chain is standardized. The requirements, the specification, the quality 
requirements all standardized. 
 
So now it's only making it and delivering them. The government have 
come out with a new schedule, a delayed schedule, because they saw 
that it was not possible with the existing supply chain to deliver in 
such a short time. So they have relaxed the delivery schedule, which 
also helps us that with our order backlog. Now, we can continue to do 
that. And we continue to enjoy a very big good market share, if I may 
say so. And being the only Indian manufacturer who has an local 
content of 95%, and this is -- gives us a good advantage. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to get some clarity on the CapEx like of 
this ₹100 crores, does that include that Bharat acquisition -- Bharat 
Pump? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. I think we showed at the chart, it includes normally our 
CapEx would be around ₹80 crores, but we invested around ₹28 
crores in this Bharat Pumps. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And the remaining ₹80 crores is largely towards what, which is the 
large CapEx areas? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Mainly in capacity expansion, new machineries, investing in new --
high-end machineries for our energy business and nuclear business. 
And capacity expansion like, one 8,000 square meter shed, which we 
did last year in '22. That was the expansion. So we continuously, with 
our growth, we have to -- in the initial years, we could get more output 
from our existing facilities, but now we have started investing in 
expanding the space and the capacity in all plants. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And so this growth of 11% to 12% standard in value. So in volume 
terms, how much was the growth? Was it flat? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, as I said, it would be somewhere in the range of 8% and 12%, the 
price increase I mentioned. But in the second half of the year when the 
price, commodity price became stable, we passed on some benefit also 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
to the market. So I would not say that it is flat. We definitely grew 
somewhere in the range of maybe 8% around. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And sir lastly, on this Vande Bharat, since you mentioned, what is 
actual use of pump in the Vande Bharat train, because it's you -- we 
leak actually water pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, sir. It is basically for the traction system, these locomotives, they 
have the traction below the carriage. And this traction system needs to 
be cooled, and for that cooling system, we supply those specialized 
pumps. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure. What could be the value of pump, which you'd be putting in 
Vande Bharat train? Is there any maths, you'd be aware of? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I can't say that that is something which will take away our 
competitiveness. So I will not be able to disclose that information. 
Sorry. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir. So first question on the BPCL acquisition. We didn't participate in 
the first bid. We were fortunate that the first bidder kind of did some 
malpractice, and then we participated in the second bid. So I'm just 
trying to understand the motive here. Was it to eliminate competition 
like Kirloskar from accessing NPCLs drawings and the pumps there. 
Now that we have acquired, we'd also try to leverage the designs and 
then get into reciprocating pumps, because those pumps were 
separated by NOV, Baker Hughes. And Secunderabad pumps has a 
huge market globally, almost 10 billion or 5 billion, if I'm right. So 
what was the thought process? And how can we leverage this ₹1,200 
crores going forward? That's the first question. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. To answer that question, the bidding took place first time, and 
we were not anticipating that the bid would go so high, and that is why 
the approval, which we took from the Board was for a lower amount. 
And we thought, we should -- we would be successful with that 
amount. But we were a bit surprised, when the bidding took place and 
to the extent it went, right. And since we did not have any Board 
approval, internal approvals, we had to. We had to go out at an early 
stage. And now the successive bidder did not do any malpractice as 
such, but he defaulted on his payment. He defaulted on his payment, 
which he was supposed to do as per the contract. And that threw up an 
opportunity that BPCL reauctioned that bid. 
 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
And so when the next bid came, we were well prepared with the 
approvals. We underestimated the kind of -- the value it would go to. 
And the second time we were well prepared and we understand the 
whole value. And I said, it is not because of any nuclear, because their 
KSB already has a knowhow, which is, I would rate it much better 
than whatever is available being a global company and having a global 
market presence, a leading presence. But we were looking at 
aftermarket potential, the aftermarket potential. This knowhow has 
very much niche areas, niche areas where the technology specific, and 
there are not many Indian players or hardly any Indian players. So that 
gives us a chance to participate in the aftermarket business, which the 
potential is huge with the PSUs. So that is what attracted us 
specifically for that market. 
 
And some new technologies as reciprocating pumps, mud pumps, and 
those are areas which gives us a chance to bring in some new products 
also in the future. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Even in KSB Germany does not have these products, I guess so? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No KSB Germany also doesn't have. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So will we have the IP to export to globally or move to the parent? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, that we'll have to see, based on how we develop it first, because 
the reciprocating pumps is not our forte. We have to tie up and we 
have to get that thing. So it's a bit early, but we are considering that, 
we are evaluating that. And also I mentioned about oil and gas 
products for the new business. One is the attractiveness in the 
aftermarket, but in the new business, there are KSB is on the way of 
developing new products. Not -- we did not do any acquisition. So this 
BPCL portfolio helps us that these products are available now, we 
have to upgrade them to the 11th edition, 12th edition API, and that's 
what we intend to do with the BB1s, BB2s, and all those nomenclature 
pumps, which is there, we intend to upgrade. And so that makes our 
journey faster in having the complete range of pumps for the oil and 
gas market. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And what would be the size of these 4,000 pumps in terms of 
value, roughly? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, let's say we are targeting a business, aftermarket business, 
maybe ₹100 crores in the next three years, it's something apart from 
the new business and other things we are targeting almost that in the -- 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
call it three years, which should and I think that payback will be fast 
once we develop it. And the future I think this… 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Long-term should be much, much bigger than this? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Long-term this is means I would not like to mention it, but it is going 
to be a very big benefit to the company. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Just on BPCL, the employees were given VRS packages, so maybe if 
you could, recruit them for our own manufacturing, if you need their 
experience of those products, just a suggestion. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
That is an option, which we are also thinking of. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Second on solar, would we directly participate in Kusum, or 
you said that you were looking at [indiscernible] [01:01:04] doesn't go 
through, why not just acquire for the empowerment for any small 
company for that matter? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. That is something which we are considering to participate as a 
joint venture consortium and get that reference. But we are waiting for 
the even joining as a consortium, it has legal conditions for us as KSB, 
we want to be associated with companies who have a good track 
record, because anything which we do, it becomes also obligation on 
our part. 
 
So we are very careful on that area. And the best, safest way is to do 
what yourself, it takes time. But we are open to opportunities. We are 
not going very in a way, which just for the sake of getting a reference, 
but we are going since ₹30 crores is something which we can do 
ourself. It helps our plant loading. So we are not much worried. I think 
the solar business is here to stay, and it will take time. And this 
business only, quite a small fraction of the Kusum thing has been 
materialized. So there is time available, and we want to do it the right 
way. So we are not hurrying up into buying a reference or buying a 
integrator reference to it, but we are keeping our eyes open and 
anything which comes our way, which we feel matches with our 
company culture and things, then we will do that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Right. So, you said double, triple the ₹30 crore business, but long-
term, it should be much bigger market for us, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It should be much bigger. If you look at the leading player, like other 
pump players, we're almost doing ₹500 crores plus in this business. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
So, opportunity is huge to get a increased market share. So as I said, 
but it's a long-term thing. I think, it is here to stay and it is something 
not like FGD or something, which will be there for three, four years, 
and then it'll be after that. Solar, I think will be an area for the future. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Last question, sir. I was expecting a slide on guidance, because you 
had guided for ₹2,200 crores by 2024, which means a 10% CAGR 
from here. So do you reverse it upwards, put the number, any changes 
to the number -- significant changes to the number? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes sir good question. This is what I tell my internal team that in the 
'24 you may achieve it next year or this year. So, but yes, internally, 
we have not changed it because see, it is one part is, the target, but 
other part is also to have an internal organization who can sustain and 
support these things, it is all about getting the right people, right 
skillset. And it's not easy nowadays with the Indian market being very 
hot and a growing market, to get the right talent, skill and to get those 
people behind this business, it takes time and to train them, to retain 
them. 
 
So this I think is also a challenge. So I would not make any 
assumptions now. I would still keep that even though in light of the 
year 2021, ending December, it may look not a very ambitious one, 
but I would say, I would still keep that, also because of the reason I 
said. And apart from that, the capacity enhancement, which we have to 
do in our plans, the process change. It all takes time. And we need to 
respect that and give it the right time so that ultimately the quality 
which KSB never compromises and which is our brand image that I 
think stays uppermost in our mind. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Great. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So sir, can you quantify the trade of Mechanical Seals business and 
where do you see three years from now that business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Quantify the? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Mechanical seals started last year?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. Correct, correct. As I mentioned, the Mechanical Seals 
business. Now, there are two channels. One is what we give with our 
pumps, so and one is what we do in the aftermarket. So total of this, 
what we sold almost was around in the range of 15,000 -- 14,000, 
15,000 last year. I would say 20% of it was in the aftermarket. And 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
our pumps itself, we are -- I would say 90% of it, we are supplying 
with our own mechanical seals. So this is a process of sowing seeds, 
creating that installed base for the future. So once our installed base of 
our seals is there, then the SupremeServ business automatically 
increases. 
 
So the growth rates, which we are looking at, this business is in the 
range of 15% to 20% per annum. And I'm sure, what we are doing 
today is we are importing the seals from Germany, and we are 
branding them, also for the different products by KSB by buying it 
locally. So in the end, in our long-term, we want to ensure that the 
seals, which we buy from Germany, we can localize it, make become 
more competitive, and hence get more share. So that's why I say that, 
we are on that journey to continuously increase it. And definitely we 
would like to make it a growth of at least 15%, if not more. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
The 20% that you sold in the aftermarket, so what will be the value of 
that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Well, I don't recollect now. Maybe a few crores, few crores. It is 
something which will take some years to come to let's say if I say this 
business is ₹10 crores, but to bring it to a sizeable number of ₹100 
crores plus, maybe it'll take four, five years. I just speak very 
generally. So today it's only a starting phase, today it's only a starting 
phase that we are more depending and creating that installed base for 
us. And the business would be in this much value right now. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Small confusion regarding this NCPL order. So I think there are two 
orders of ₹500 crores? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
True, true. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
[Indiscernible] [01:07:59]. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
There are two orders, one is GHAVP, Gorakhpur, Haryana that is the 
first order of ₹500 crores for eight pump sets. And the second is for 
another site, Kaiga, which is also about similar amount for eight pump 
sets. So total, we have got orders of 16 pump sets for two sites. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So can you quantify market difference between Standard pumps and 
Engineered pumps, if that is possible? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Difficult to quantify. I would say each has its own strength. And of 
course, for the Standard business, our fixed cost become very less, like 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
Sinnar plant. So they have a good, let's say if I benchmark our Shirwal 
plant and the Sinnar plant, which are the basis for Standard business 
and Engineered business. If I say to you that we are almost at similar 
level of margins, why because one has a lower fixed cost and the other 
has a good aftermarket business. We sell replacement pumps through 
our Shirwal plant and spare parts. So the margin in the end, in the end 
for the company is almost similar. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
In terms of exports, could you just help us out at what's the number for 
this year? And how are you seeing the trend in that particular part of 
the business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Export was not a great story last year. Two reasons. One is a 
very strong growth in the Domestic segment. Export did not grow as 
strongly as our domestic. So compared to the previous year where we 
had almost 19%, 20%, we had a revenue 15% to our sales. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Absolute numbers, it was -- sorry? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Absolute numbers. You can calculate 15% of ₹1,800 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And what do you see the progress on this site? Because there was an 
expectation that we'd be able to sell Gamma pumps say across the 
world and so on and so forth. So just wanted to get a sense of what's 
your own strategy and how are you thinking about this piece? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, our export, the business in view of our enhanced product basket 
definitely should grow. This is something, both in Engineered pumps 
as well as the Standard pumps. The hope and the plan is there. 
Normally we do exports through our KSB entities. We don't do 
exports directly. So somehow it is a bit of also of internal selling, 
which we have to do. And you gave the example of Gamma. Yes, 
Gamma, we sold around 50, 70 pumps not much a little bit below our 
expectation, but then I think as time goes by, as the range completes, 
we should be doing more. 
 
We are expecting on solar business, also solar portfolio is another 
chance where we can grow. So we are striving to put a lot of focus on 
these business with our API basket getting enhanced with our 
interaction with our group companies, I think there is a good 
acceptance of our products and good future. Only because of little bit 
downturn in the project business in exports, we are a bit down in the 
past years, we always got one or two good projects in export, big 
projects. So those are missing and that affects our revenue. 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
 
But on the Standard business, I think in slow and steady, I think we 
are growing our business. The effect on the export has mainly been 
due to big projects. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
In terms of, seeing India as a potential site for making more pumps or 
especially given the whole cost competitiveness, which we are seeing 
in Europe diminish because of energy costs, et cetera. Do you see that 
as something that KSB is keen for, your parent is keen for? Or is this 
is going to be more of the same? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I think the parent company always does a balancing act. It has 
to ensure that all the locations are enough utilized and the capacity 
utilization, and they're loaded enough. But the parent company has 
been supporting us to a very large extent to ensure that we have all the 
products for the domestic market. Indian market today is the most 
attractive market, and the market which is growing. And as I 
mentioned, the new products which we have bought. So there is a 
tremendous support from there. And I guess, the same competitive -- 
with our competitiveness, we definitely are working on and to see how 
we can get more access in the other territories, but I -- as I said it is, 
we need to ensure also that other KSB companies from China, Brazil, 
Europe, all have a good share and it's not hijacked by India. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. A couple of questions on exports. Like what was the reason for 
decline in the exports and how do we see going forward? And 
probably how are we positioned for servicing as a regional base near 
our, like we already licensing office in Bangladesh and Bhutan. So is 
it that Indian entity becomes a sourcing base for the regional 
requirement? That is one first question on exports. What will be our 
peak working capital requirement for the nuclear execution? You 
showed some number, but we missed it. If you can probably help us 
on that. 
 
Number three, the tender, which you are mentioning for nuclear. Is it 
for auxiliary pumps, which last time you mentioned some 2,000 crore 
opportunities there. So is it for that or is it for another set of primary 
coolant pumps if you can specify? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Okay. The first question was on exports. Yeah. I explained that export 
business for the year '22 was down because of missing big projects. 
And moving into this year, I feel the first half will be a bit challenging 
because, a bit of a slowdown in the global project business, I would 
say. The standard business would continue. But with our initiatives, 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
which we are taking, when I say initiatives is a lot of meetings, 
invitations to our dealers, colleagues from overseas, we are conducting 
seminars, workshops, plant visits. Our people are traveling to their 
regions. 
 
I think that we should be able to maintain our export ratio. And I say 
in the backdrop of domestic business growth. We should be able to be 
somewhere in the range of 15% to 20% this year also. Once the 
project business picks up, I expect this to grow in the coming years, 
when we have already introduced a lot of our products and whatever 
we are bringing out. 
 
Also in our exports, the group companies also look for components, 
supply from our foundry. As you may know, that -- in that China plus 
one, a lot of overseas companies are looking to Indian suppliers. And 
India is also a case. Being India is also an attractive option for our 
group in terms of our foundry, which we have own foundry. So we are 
looking to increase that component business also. 
 
So overall, I say export is as equal in our focus. It's only a matter of 
time when these figures get a bit affected due to the project business. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Ideally which, what projects we serve? Is it power related or again, 
what? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Both power as well as oil and gas. Since KSB here in India, we are 
exclusively making some pumps in the group. That is the actually split 
multi-stage BB3, we call it BB5. So these are products made only in 
India. And so this gives us a good opportunity for export. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Is it a boiler feed pump? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, these are multi-stage high pressure pumps. These are used for 
boiler feed application as well. But in petrochemical or refinery or all, 
it can be hydrocarbon as well as boiler feed both application. It has to 
be as per EPF. And also energy, energy we supply to Vietnam super 
critical in '22 windfarm project. So these projects are few, I would say 
these are few, much few. And we are looking at global players like 
Siemens, tying up with them. So there are efforts being done to see 
India can become an option, wherever there is competitiveness. 
Recently we got an order from Çalık Enerji in Turkey for boiler feed 
pumps. So those are new customers, new EPCs, which we are 
developing. So these efforts will continue. Your second question was 
on… 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Peak working capital for nuclear and…? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, nuclear, I think working capital, maybe Mahesh, you can 
answer it and also on the cash flow. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
So more or less nuclear working capital. Yes, there is announcement, 
but it is more or less covered by the advances what we received. So at 
least 2023 and no, we don't see any announcement challenge on 
working capital. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
No. But you are basically in the current year also as per cash flow 
your working capital rates by increased by ₹120 crores, ₹130 crores?  
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yes. That is not, that is excluding nuclear because in the regular 
business also, since we are growing, so both receivable as well as 
inventory has grown with the stocking policies and to support the 
growth in the business. But if you see the ratio to the sales of both 
receivable inventory, it is maintained actually ratio or even number of 
days that is maintained. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So we get progress payments for nuclear. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Milestone base? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Milestone payment. And the good part is that we are positive in the 
cash flow and we hope to be positive in cash flow throughout the 
execution of the project. So that's our intention. And the milestone 
payments support us for that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Last question was on the nuclear order. Was it, you were mentioning 
about ancillary or it's… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Now on this nuclear business, the main -- the big business is this 
primary coolant pumps. But apart from that, in the primary cycle, 
there are other auxiliary pumps, which where we are also 
participating. So that is ongoing. That business can be anywhere in the 
range of ₹50 crores to ₹100 crores for -- per site. So but that is, that 
business is competitive business that there are other players there. So 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
if we are competitive, then we get it. And so we are targeting some 
share out of that business also. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
But tendering has happened or? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Tendering has happened. Now it is under the technical evaluation 
stage. Once that is completed, then they will finalize and in the second 
tender it is going to be re-tendered now. There were two tenders. One, 
is under evaluation. I think KSB is in a good position there and that 
should get finalized in the next quarter. But on the other tender, it was 
there, but it has got re-tendered due to some reasons. So we will again, 
compete there with other pump suppliers. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And what -- last question. What could be the opportunity, if you 
probably have say primary coolant ₹500 crores in for eight pumps, 
what could be the relevant opportunity for auxiliary pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Auxiliary pumps maybe you can take it as 10% to 15% of the total 
PCPs, 20% maybe around that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
20% of the primary. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Primary. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Last one question sir. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Maybe somebody who has not asked. If you don't mind. Anybody, 
maybe please go ahead. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir my question was regarding the execution cycle of our order book. 
When we look at the historical trend, let's say before Q2, it used to be 
around six, seven months. And you know, we should dissect it that 
Standard pumps execution cycle is three, four months and Engineered 
is like around eight, nine months. But that execution cycle has kind of 
tapered-off in last six months. It has been relatively lower in 
comparison to the past. So is it that we are constrained by the 
capacity? Because in Q2 we mentioned that we had a ₹1,300 crores 
order book, but like execution cycle in next month has been around 
₹960 crores. Well, historically it used to be six month execution cycle. 
So if you can just dissect it and help us understand, are we constrained 
by capacity or not? And if we are, then what is the peak potential of 
standard pumps and engineered pumps revenue excluding NPCL? 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, I don't. I wouldn't say that we are constrained by capacity. 
Normally April to June is a very peak season for Agri business. This is 
the season where we would say the peak quarter where we can supply 
our Agri domestic business. Normally the trend has been 55:45 kind 
of things equally. It all depends on the how and when we get the 
project business. 
 
But to answer your question in a simple way, yes, if we had more 
capacity, we could do more sales. That is definitely for sure. But that, 
we would like to go it in a very consistent way. This has to be more 
consistent and not one half or one quarter. So considering that, I don't 
think we have disappointed any customers of non-supplying or things 
like that. We may have little bit slipped on on-time delivery, but I 
don't think it's has been a major issue with any customers. 
 
The priorities have been given and we have scheduled that. And to the 
point which you raised about the second half, I think maybe it can be 
always a product mix of more engineered pumps with high content 
there. And also we have had some supply chain issues, like for 
example, FGDs business, we import something, then there are many 
approvals. But all in all, I wouldn't say that it has affected our business 
to grow 22% is a good achievement. And to expect much more would 
be a bit too much out of our existing capacity. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So, because where I'm coming from is that now that ₹900 crores 
became ₹1,300 crores, now that ₹1,300 crores is almost ₹2,000 crores 
now, which is I think. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
₹1,800 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
₹1,800 crores. You mentioned ₹2,500 and excluding… 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Actually you're talking order intake? 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Order book. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Order book, okay. Yes. Yes. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Order book. So now with that, I think our fixed assets have not really 
increased in that. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
You'll see that, as I mentioned, all those ₹100 crores investments. We 
are buying machineries, more automated machines. We invested in 

KSB Limited (KSB) 
Institutional Investor Meet 
February 28, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
space in Sinnar, a new shed. And in the coming months also, you will 
see new investments. So we are adding capacity. If you are adding 
capacity, you'll see all our locations almost all filled up, full 
utilization. So step-by-step we are increasing the capacity at this 
location. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
So how do you see the execution cycle of our current order book with 
current capacity in place? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, with current capacity. I think, we should see a good growth 
year-on-year with this present thing. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Okay. We want to conclude. So thank you. Thank you for your very 
interesting questions. Your questions also help us to also introspect 
and give us an insight, but we hope that we have answered all the 
questions as clearly and as honestly as we think ourself. Hope you are 
satisfied with that. And once again, thank you. Thank you for coming 
here and joining us for this session today. Thank you. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Thank you. 
