
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Rustomjee’ s  
Q3 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BOMAN IRANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RUSTOMJEE 
MR. CHANDRESH MEHTA – DIRECTOR – RUSTOMJEE 
MR. PERCY CHOWDHRY – DIRECTOR – RUSTOMJEE 
MR. SAJAL GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RUSTOMJEE 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAMAR SARDA – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Keystone Realtors Limited Q3 FY ’23 
Results Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Samar Sarda from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Samar Sarda: 
Thanks, Aman. Good evening, everybody, and thank you for taking the time out. We are pleased 
to host the maiden and the first results conference call for Keystone Realtors Limited, famously 
known as Rustomjee. From the management, we have the senior team representing it led by Mr. 
Boman Irani, the Chairman and Managing Director: Mr. Chandresh Mehta, Director: Mr. Percy 
Chowdhry, Director: and Sajal Gupta, the Chief Financial Officer. 
I would now request Mr. Irani to take the floor for his initial comments. Over to you, Boman. 
Boman Irani: 
Thank you, Samar. I hope I can be heard clearly by all. So, I’ll begin with, good evening, friends. 
Welcome to the first conference call of Keystone Realtors Limited. We are known as Rustomjee. 
First and foremost, we’d like to extend our sincere gratitude to our investors who have shown 
trust in the company and management, leading to a successful IPO. Thank you again. 
Today, I would like to give an introduction to Rustomjee for the benefit of our new investors. 
We, that is Chandresh, Percy, and I, began our journey in 1996. We started off with the idea of 
making spaces that redefine living. 26 years later from the four  member team, Chairman to 
watchman team, we have now grown to about 650 employees, numerous development partners, 
over 29,000 shareholders and more than 15,000 happy families residing in the Rustomjee homes. 
We remain as passionate today, as enthusiastic about our work, as on the first day when we 
started. Today, Rustomjee is a prominent name in the Mumbai metropolitan region. We have 20 
plus million square feet delivered and a pipeline of 35 million square feet today. We have 
projects across various price points, catering to all segments of the population. Affordable, which 
is categorized as less than INR 1 crores. Mid/Mass, which is characterized as INR 1 crores to 
INR 3 crores. Aspirational, which is characterized INR 3 crores to INR 7 crores and Premium, 
which is categorized at INR 7 crores to INR 15 crores. And Super Premium, everything above 
INR 15 crores. 
Our development capabilities span a wide range of projects from standalone development, gated 
communities to fully integrated townships, developed through greenfield and brownfield 
initiatives. We partner with societies with other landowners and developers to deliver residential, 
retail, and commercial properties that meet the highest standards of quality. Our extensive 
experience in this field ensures that we are well-equipped to deliver projects that are both 
innovative and successful. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
I would like to mention that these are good times. Home buyers are buying real estate, thanks to 
a combination of the increasing household income, soaring aspirations and reasonable prices 
that make purchasing a property a very viable option. Given that 80% of new supply in the 
established micro markets in Mumbai comes from redevelopment projects, there is a huge 
opportunity for us. 
As a result of this, we are witnessing a lot of the developer community gravitating towards the 
MMR market from various other cities in the country. We are the largest organized developer in 
the redevelopment segment. We have an established track record and having delivered more 
than 1,400 homes in the redevelopment space; we are also the largest in this redevelopment field. 
Rustomjee as a matter of fact has established itself as a leader in these micro markets in the 
redevelopment segment that we are strong in. 
Coming to our financial results. Q3 of financial year ’23 performance, we have added three new 
projects, Basant Park, Vivekanand CHSL and Kher Nagar. Projects that have been added in this 
quarter have a total saleable area of approximately 0.7 million square feet, and a gross 
development value of INR 17.5 billion, namely INR 1750 crores. 
In the financial year or in the nine months, up to December, this number stands at five projects. 
Four of these projects are redevelopment and one is a joint development. The nine-month period 
ending December 2022, the project added total to about 1.3 million square feet of saleable area 
and a gross domestic value of INR 34.25 billion, that is about INR 3,425 crores. The notable 
project that we’ve added in the last nine months include a joint development in Mahim, which 
has a saleable build-up area of 0.5 million square feet. 
With an estimated GDV of INR 11.5 billion, that is INR 1,150 crores, and the other is a 
redevelopment of a golf course facing Basant Park Society at Chembur West, with a saleable 
area of 0.5 million square feet and an estimated GDV of INR 12.5 billion, namely INR 1,250 
crores. Our acquisition strategy focuses on being close to infrastructure, green spaces, sea views 
and established micro markets, where Rustomjee is a recognized brand and has a strong 
presence. 
In line with our focus of continually growing our presence in the fastest growing Mid/Mass and 
Aspirational segments, 85% of our new additions in terms of gross domestic value are in these 
segments. We have a robust pipeline of projects that are primarily guided by our strategy. Pre-
sales and collections for the year-to-date financial year ’23 have been INR 11.31 billion, that is 
INR 1,131 crores and INR 11.63 billion, that is INR 1,163 crores, respectively.  
Ignoring the effect of a one-time institutional sale of INR 6.31 billion, that is INR 631 crores in 
the financial year 2022, pre-sales and collections have improved by 17% and 27%, respectively, 
on a year-on-year basis. 
For pre-sales, I would like to bring to your notice that contribution from Mid/Mass and 
Aspirational segment have been 66% of the total nine months financial year ’23 pre-sales, as 
compared to 32% a year back. We have ramped up our construction spends in our projects by 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
more than double for the nine months of financial year, ’23. It is at INR 5.74 billion, that is INR 
574 crores, as compared to the same period last year being INR 2.53 billion, that is INR 253 
crores, this is indicative of a higher construction activity at our site. 
Operationally this year, we have been active with the launch of two new towers for our Virar 
township, and one in our Thane township. The total area launched is 0.5 million square feet with 
a gross development value of INR 5.45 billion, that is INR 545 crores. We have an ambitious 
launch plan over the next 12 to 15 months. In quarter three, we have received OC for two wings 
of the Virar project, totalling to 0.2 million square feet of construction area, of which only 14% 
remain unsold as of December ’22 in terms of the built-up saleable area. 
The financial highlights.  
For quarter three financial year ’23, net revenues are at INR 1,265 million, that’s INR 127 crores. 
EBITDA at INR 178 million, and profit after tax at INR 58 million, and for the period ending 
nine months financial year ’23, net revenues are at INR 3,413 million, that is INR 341 crores, 
EBITDA at INR 329 million, and profit after tax at INR 55 million. 
Financial highlights for the nine months of financial year ’23 were tepid due to lack of major 
project completions. The only significant revenue recognition event was the completion of the 
four wings of Virar township, and increment sale and revenue from completed inventory. 
However, we anticipate an increase in revenue and margins in Q4 with the completion of some 
of our projects. 
Despite a lower revenue of INR 3,413 million, we are happy to report that our EBITDA of INR 
329 million, demonstrates our ability to absorb fixed costs at lower volumes. It’s important to 
note that the current EBITDA percentage may not accurately reflect the financial performance 
due to the lower volumes. As you know, accounting of revenue and profits under the Ind AS 
accounting standards for real estate is recognized basis completion of the project that is project 
completion method. 
As a result, the revenue in a particular period may not be comparable to the past period. In such 
scenario, pre-sale, collection, and operating cash flows are better measures of business 
performance. Operating cash flow surplus of the quarter and year-to-date have been INR 1.1 
billion that is INR 110 crores and — INR 2.8 billion, that is INR 280 crores respectively, as 
compared to INR 0.62 billion, that is INR 62 crores, and INR 0.91 billion that is INR 91 crores 
for the corresponding period last year. The increase in OCF is primarily attributed to the higher 
pre-sales and collections. 
Debt, during Q3, we’ve made net repayment of INR 4.16 billion that is INR 416 crores, including 
INR 3.42 billion that is about INR 342 crores from the IPO proceeds. Our gross secured debt as 
on December ’22 is INR 5.17 billion and our net debt is INR 1 billion. Our debt-equity ratio is 
0.32:1 at the gross debt level and 0.06:1at the net debt level. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
As a result of the above efforts, I’m happy to report that the ICRA has assigned a credit rating 
of A minus to the company in the month of February ’23. This should further enable us to 
improve our cost of funds in the future. We anticipate significant savings in the finance cost in 
times to come, because of the debt reduction, a healthy debt equity mix, and a higher credit 
rating. 
Last but not the least, I’m delighted to welcome several seasoned executives to our Senior 
Leadership Team. Yes, we have grown. These additions come from a variety of backgrounds 
and expertise, and each participant, each person will play an invaluable role in helping 
thecompany, drive forward to new heights of success. With the collective experience and 
enthusiasm, we have in the team, we are sure we’ll be able to capitalize on opportunities that lie 
ahead and realize our vision of the continuous growth. 
With that, I thank you again for attending our first analyst call. I now open the floor to questions. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First question is on the debt. If you can help me, I mean, if you can help reiterate what was the 
end of September debt we had? And how we have got down to INR 100 crores kind of a net debt 
level? And does it exclude any JV debt which you have mentioned at the bottom of the row? 
That’s my first question. 
Sajal Gupta: 
Yes. Pritesh, our total debt -- this is Sajal. Pritesh, Our gross debt basically is INR 516 crores, 
but we have a cash and cash equivalents of about INR 418 crores, that is how basically the net 
debt is INR 98 crores. Regarding the second part of your question that whether it includes the 
JV debt? No, we have one JV, in which we have a debt of about INR 177 crores. We are a 51% 
partner in the JV, this is a JV in our Thane township, where Keppel is our partner, and the Keppel 
is a 49% partner. Our share over debt is about INR 84 crores in that INR 177 crores, which is 
there in the JV. 
Regarding your third question related to how much is the payment over debt which has been 
made. During the last quarter, we have made the repayment of INR 416 crores, of which INR 
342 crores is from the IPO proceeds. As a part of the DRHP and the RHP that we filed, the use 
of the proceeds the INR 342 crores was kept aside for the repayment of our loan, and that has 
already been done. So, the reduction in the debt is basically INR 342 crores out of the IPO 
proceeds and the balance in the ordinary course of business, based on the repayment schedule 
that we have. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just if you can remind me what was the net debt as of September 30, the previous quarter? 
That will help me reconcile the debt reduction. 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, given that we have repaid INR 416 crores and after the repayment of INR 416 crores our 
gross debt now is 500, what was the number, at the end of September? Yes, just give us a second. 
We will give you a number. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
 
Sure. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Boman Irani: 
 
Can we come back to you in a bit with the exact number? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. No problem. My second question is on, we know the near-term launch pipeline that you 
probably envisaged over next six to 12 months, what is the kind of launch pipeline that we have 
in mind? 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, it seems that we have lost the line for the management. We’ll request all 
participants to please remain connected while we reconnect them. Thank you. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we have the line for the management reconnected. Pritesh, may I request you to 
please repeat your question. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. My question was on your near-term launch pipeline. So, over the next couple of quarters 
or one year, what is the launch that we can expect to happen? 
Boman Irani: 
So, Pritesh, let me tell you about the launches in this quarter itself, the ongoing quarter. We’ve 
got three projects. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
 
To the fourth quarter? Okay. 
Boman Irani: 
Yes. We’ve got three projects that we are launching, they are in Juhu, they are in Bandra East, 
and they are in Thane, totally amounting to 0.62 million square feet and with a gross 
development value of about INR 1,000 crores. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just lastly, in a good quarter for business development as well, in general, what has been 
our run rate in terms of project additions? And what is the pipeline that is in advanced discussion 
going ahead in terms of business development. And in general, for redevelopment projects, how 
much time it takes to enter into a first part of negotiation andfinally closing the deal? 
Boman Irani: 
So, like I mentioned earlier, Rustomjee has been a dominant developer as far as the 
redevelopment goes. We keep ourselves engaged in pockets which are highly advantageous to 
us, given our brand presence in those markets. We have two philosophies. One of them is to 
focus on green views and blue views, given that the future will depend on — you’d like to live 
closer to the greens, which is the garden areas and closer to the sea, which is the blue. 
The second is that we’ve focus on as such gated communities, where community development 
can be taken as a key living index for people. And in this, we have been extremely successful 
having created more than homes with  projects with more than 350, 400 homes in one single 
location. We usually focus on projects before we go to market for sale, we are investing about 
10% of the gross value of the project. And we look at projects where our gross margins would 
be in the region of about 35%, and we are very focused on these markets. 
Rustomjee is a dominant developer, not starting off today, like most of the other entrants are, 
but we have been in this business since the year 2000. When we started off with the Bandra 
building, where only 12 members were redeveloped. We realized this is a business where it’s 
not only the money, but it is the ability to understand people’s issues and given that we’ve re-
housed 1,400 rehabilitation apartments, we would say that we’ve got a fair understanding of the 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
kind of issues that are faced in redevelopment. And this is what I feel is going to be the 
differentiator, while lots of horses are there at the starting line, we feel only a few will continue 
towards the finish line. And given our experience we’re going to definitely be leading in that 
race. 
Sajal Gupta: 
If I may take the opportunity to answer that previous question, which was asked by the gentleman 
from the Motilal Oswal, about what was the debt level at the end of September? Our debt level 
at the end of September was close to INR 900 crores, INR 891 crores to be precise, and the net 
debt level was INR 823 crores. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
 
And just to clarify, this INR 823 crores included the JV debt? 
Sajal Gupta: 
No, I’m talking apple-to-apple. So, apple-to-apple what was INR 891 crores is now INR 516 
crores. And what was INR 823 crores is now basically INR 98 crores. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, we have basically reduced INR 800 crores in this quarter, out of which you said INR 400 
crores was from the proceeds, INR 200 crores of additional cash surplus we have, compared to 
like quarter-to-quarter. 
Sajal Gupta: 
INR 416 crores I have paid, and how I quote the cash surplus. One is, the cash surplus that I’ve 
told you for the quarter, INR 110 million. And second is, the cash surplus I have from the IPO. 
That from the IPO, basically after having paid INR 341 crores, still we are left with INR 220 
crores. That is how basically our net debt is down now to basically INR 99 crores — INR 98 
crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rithvik Sheth from One-Up Financial.  
Rithvik Sheth: 
Sir, I have two questions. Firstly, on the ongoing and forthcoming projects, would it be possible 
to quantify the construction cost to be incurred? 
Boman Irani: 
I could tell you that there is no simple answer to that, given that we built everything from 14 
floors, all the way up to 70 floors. And depending on where the project is located, there would 
always be a difference in the prices, both in terms of the height of the building, at the same point 
of time, the amenities provided, also in terms of the car parking requirements, etc. So, Pritesh, 
I’m sorry but I don’t have a one-stop shop answer for you with regards to the cost. What I can 
tell you is that the cost had increased terribly or terrifically whichever way you want to choose, 
between March of last year and up to December of last year, when things started petering down. 
And today, the annual wholesale price inflation rate in India has declined to 4.95% in December 
from 5.85% in November. So, this is the lowest figure since February ’21, and a slowdown into 
the prices of manufactured products is also being seen now. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Sir actually, I’m not trying to get a per square feet construction cost, but rather I’m trying to get 
an absolute construction cost to be incurred by us, over — for the ongoing and the forthcoming 
projects? 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, what we’ve tried to give a guidance or sort of a guidance basically is that, as part of our 
presentation, we have about 12 ongoing projects which has the total saleable area of 5.1 million 
square feet, and we have basically given also an estimate of the estimated value of the unsold 
inventory. Similarly, we have also given a sort of estimate basically on the forthcoming projects 
which are ’22, with an estimated GDV, of course, and you can see basically is an estimate, 
basically from time-to-time, it may vary. And then, we have not given, and we are not at this 
moment want to basically put that number… 
Rithvik Sheth: 
 
Okay.  
Sajal Gupta: 
The overall pipeline, which is basically comprising of forthcoming and ongoing, which is INR 
32 million, with a total GDV of about INR 40,000 crores. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right. Yes. The reason I’m asking is that a lot of companies give this data and only the 
construction cost is missing on our presentation. 
Sajal Gupta: 
It is not only the construction cost, there are whole host of cost, construction cost, approval cost, 
land cost, the overheads, the interest burden, so on and so forth, maybe what we can do that, we 
can get you more… 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Sure. We can take it. Yes. Sure, sir. Sure. No problem. Yes. Sir, my second question is related 
to the launch pipeline. The previous participant asked for the next quarter, I would — would it 
be possible to give a rough estimate for FY ’24, given that our unsold inventory on ongoing 
projects is on the lower side, it’s about INR 3,500 crores, what would be the ideal launch pipeline 
for FY ’24. 
Boman Irani: 
So, let me start you off by saying that the launch pipeline is ranging from everything again from 
affordable homes, all the way up to the premium and super-premium. And they are from Bandra 
West to Bandra East. And then, a lot of projects in Bandra East. There is Mahim, then there is 
Virar, there is Dombivli, there is Thane. All of these put together, we have a launch pipeline of 
about 2.5 million square feet, and the expected gross development value of the same would be 
about INR 6,400-odd crores. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
We are going in FY ’24 with the healthy launch pipeline? 
Boman Irani: 
Yes. And our normal, if I may I just add a little bit further, our normal replenishment of existing 
location stocks is roughly in the region of 1.5 times to 2 times. By example, if I’m completing 
100,000 square feet in a particular location, I’m looking at 150,000 square feet to 200,000 square 
feet to be replenished in the same location and this process is something that we have continually 
decided to carry on in the future. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right. So, basically, if we are — like selling up INR 1,500 crores per year, then we would be 
looking to add about INR 3,000 crores of new projects acquiring in that particular year like 
approximately, would that be a fair assessment? 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Boman Irani: 
Mathematically, absolutely right. But given the fact that we are talking about various price 
points, this may vary between  INR 2,500 crores and INR 3,000 crores. Yes. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
And sir, my last question is on the pre-sales value, it seems that nine months, we have declined, 
and so we have declined in Q3 because you’ve mentioned some institution sales last year. What 
kind of number, would we be for FY ’23, would we be de-growing that FY ’22 base? And then 
FY ’24 onwards, what kind of growth rate do we aspire? 
Boman Irani: 
I will not make any forward-looking statements because I’m still learning the ropes of these 
calls, I hope you excuse me for that. But what I can tell you is the pre-sales compared to last 
year same period was because of a one-off sale, that institutional sale that took place. And, like 
I had mentioned in my opening remarks, the pre-sales have been INR 11.31 billion, that’s about 
INR 1,131 crores and collections have been about INR 1,163 crores.  
And if you take away the one-time institutional sale of INR 631 crores for last year, we’ve 
actually seen an improved pre-sale by 17% and collections by 27%. So that is the reason where 
we are, I mean, we are where we are. And our pre-sales will continue, and generally, the fourth 
quarter is also generally strong. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gopal Agarwal from Aagman Advisory.  
Gopal Agarwal: 
Sir, I would just like rough kind of idea, regarding a mix between JV, JDA, own development, 
and redevelopment sales for this till nine-month FY ’23. And going forward, over the mid-term 
to longer-term, how do you think this mix will finally play out, and what will be your target? 
Boman Irani: 
Thank you for that question. Because it’s important to state that when we did come to the market, 
we pointed out that almost 80% or 79% of our entire development was in the JV/JD space: and 
about 11% was in the redevelopment space. But even when we came to market, we actually 
informed all those who were our probable investors that the redevelopment space is where 
Rustomjee will continually grow. And given that, Mumbai is an Island City, and highest value 
of our developments come from Mumbai City itself, redevelopment happens to be major thrust 
area for our future growth. 
So going forward, of the five projects that I mentioned that we’ve acquired in this year, or the 
nine months of this year, four has been redevelopments and one has been a joint development 
that we have undertaken, so that should give you an idea of the kind of thrust that we are giving 
towards redevelopment. Again, for reasons, where we are an established redevelopment 
company. We understand the nuances of this market. We believe that we are well-bolstered now 
to take on more redevelopments and we are a preferred developer wherever we go, primarily 
because our presentations are a little more deep or all encompassing. 
Having said that, we’ve got a very simple rule, we follow our investment guidelines to the tee, 
and we do not get tempted only by one factor or the other, the entire package has to make sense, 
only then, we will enter. Otherwise, we’ll happily say no to a redevelopment, which we believe 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
may not be getting the kind of returns that should be got by the redevelopment, given the nature 
of redevelopment business itself. 
Gopal Agarwal: 
And sir, given the current environment, wherein interest rates are rising, and we expect another 
25 bps in this week or next. There is supposed to be some kind of hike. So, are you personally 
seeing any kind of demand slowdown impact, or do you think this kind of interest rate is still 
sustainable for the kind of demand that you’ve been seeing and at what rate do you think you’ll 
start worrying? 
Boman Irani: 
So, good question. I mean, I have two-three points over here. And again, this was something that 
was brought up, while we were on our road shows as well. And the one thing that I pointed out 
time and again, and this is market’s peak, right, since May the ’22, there has been almost INR 
7,000 increase in the EMI costs. But, in contrast, we’ve seen that sales have continually grown 
from May to December, right? Even this 0.25% increase will only bring us up to the 2019 interest 
rates. But thankfully, our economy is much stronger today than we are, when we were in 2019. 
Further, just so that we get this point at least from our understanding of how a customer treats 
his home loans, generally, a home loan is between seven to nine years in terms of its lifecycle. 
And in this life cycle, I’m sure, most people understand that there will be ups and downs in terms 
of the interest rates.  
So, on an average if you take, the interest rates would remain more or less same no matter in 
which period you enter this market. Those that understand this. And you know, and there are 
plenty of, I would say educated customers who understand this extremely well and also given 
the fact that most of the bankers or financial institutions are today, duty-bound to kind of explain 
their entire interest rate cycle to the customer, they are also seeing the ability to continually 
invest not bothering where the interest rate cycle is. 
And again, another point, which is very, very important, is that real estate acts as a natural hedge 
to inflation. So, those that have bought today, even with the, let’s say, highest interest rates of it 
being even at the 2019 levels, would still be better-off than waiting of this decision for another 
six to nine months and then buying at that point of time, when the interest rates would come 
down, because on an average that customer would have been affected by not more than points 
of a percentage. 
So, we’ve also seen that, in the year 2022, there has been launch of about 1.49 lakh units as 
against 1.08 lakh, that’s 1,08,000 in the calendar year 2021, that’s a 38% growth we’ve seen 
year-on-year. Absorption in calendar year ’22 was 28.5000 units, as against 18,000 units in 
calendar year ’21, again a 58% year-on-year growth. And this all points towards homebuyers 
seeking or looking for, not the lowest price deal or at the lowest interest rates, but actually value 
determination for the purchase that they are doing. And again, this is where we see branded or 
organized developers stealing a march, even on the sales side compared to all the other 
developers that continue to be existent in this market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jeet Shah from PinPoint Asset Management. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Jeet Shah: 
Hey, firstly, congratulations on a very successful IPO. My question was on the pre-sales number 
that we report, is this adjusted for our economic share in these projects or is this a consolidated 
number? 
Boman Irani: 
Jeet, thank you very much for congratulating us. I appreciate that. I’ll let Sajal take this. 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, these are our economic share. Wherever, it’s a joint venture, let us say, Thane we have a 
joint venture, Bhandup we have a joint venture, it is a complete basically a pre-sale, because it’s 
a profit distribution, there is no area distribution. But our JDA project, where there is area 
distribution like The Crown we have or any other project that we may have, then it is only our 
economic share, basically in that area that we account for in the pre-sales. 
Jeet Shah: 
And my second question was on the inventory breakdown that have been given in terms of an 
estimated GDV of what is yet to be unsold. I wanted to ask, are these units that have already 
been brought to the market and not sold as of today or some part of this is under-lease inventory 
as well? 
Sajal Gupta: 
So, we have given you a breakup in two-parts, one is for the ongoing projects. In the ongoing 
projects, there is a inventory, which has already been sold and we have some sold receivables 
against that. So ongoing projects are total 12, and the total sold receivables that we have against 
debt is about INR 2,300 crores. We have also given unsold inventory value, which is about INR 
3,600 crores. So, on the ongoing projects, significant amount of inventory sold depending on 
which part of the lifecycle the project is, basically. But as for the forthcoming projects, the 
overall value whatever we said, obviously, basically everything is the value of the unsold 
inventory. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harish Shah from HS Investments.  
Harish Shah: 
I would like to ask some questions. Have we witnessed any price hike or price rise rather in some 
of our projects? Any specific locations? 
Boman Irani: 
Harish, thank you very much for that question. Look, basically areas like Bandra East, which 
have got great connectivity, like Bhandup, where the prices are extremely affordable, like Thane, 
which is a very large market, everywhere we’ve seen steady-state growth in terms of prices. 
One.  
Two, is also as part of our sales strategy, we usually launch projects and sell, let’s say, about 
30% of the volume, depending on the type of project, of course, 30% of the volume in the launch 
phase, after which we sell a certain percentage as the lifecycle of the project. And generally, 
there is always an increase in the prices between when it was launched to the completion part. 
And obviously, finished goods inventory is always priced a little higher because that is ready 
inventory for the consumer. 
Harish Shah: 
Correct. And if I need to like know the sustainable EBITDA margins and PAT margins for 
considering our project mix, what would be your estimates for FY ’24-’25? 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Boman Irani: 
I can only say, I’m sorry. But again, I’m going to speak about from experience. EBITDAs are 
between 27% and 28% and PAT margins are roughly between 17% and 19%, again on the type 
of projects. Please excuse me for not making any forward statements, because like I said, am 
new to this. And I will take some time to understand what exactly I can or the level at which I 
can go out to. 
Harish Shah: 
No. Thanks for that. And a couple of more questions like are you planning to venture into any 
additional segments, like for example, warehousing? 
Boman Irani: 
Harish, all businesses are good businesses, but all businesses are not good businesses for all 
people. So, we follow that maxim quite well. And as far as we are concerned, we will stay 
focused on what we do best, which is residential real estate development. I always tell people if 
you ask someone in Rustomjee what kind of homes will sell in which market, we can go down 
to basically habitual existence of the people, and what exactly they need and design our homes 
and we continually improve designing our homes in that market. 
I don’t think we should jump into warehousing just because all reports read that happens to be 
the new age business. Yes, we do look out for newer types of businesses, but we do not jump-
in. I mean, we much rather wait, watch, understand, build our own ability, and then kind of first 
dip our feet, like they say and then decide if we want to get into that market. But today, we’re 
not getting into any warehousing or datacentres at this moment. I hope that answers the question. 
Thank you. 
Harish Shah: 
And one last question from my side. This would be a kind of bookkeeping one. How much of a 
debt was paid-off from the IPO proceeds that we have received? And what kind of debt-to-equity 
ratios are you targeting for the coming financial years? 
Boman Irani: 
Thanks for that. Also, out of the IPO proceeds, we’ve paid out INR 342 crores -- INR 341.6 
crores to be precise. As of right now, our debt-to-equity ratio is 0.32:1. But going forward, I 
mean this gives me plenty of headroom to be able to debt for projects, which I am about to 
launch.  
And again, keeping in line with our investment philosophy, we plan to take construction funding, 
majorly and because of our new ICRA rating and then, of course continuous improvement that 
we will do, we believe our debt costs will further reduce. And though our debt-to-equity ratio 
would be 1:1, our overall cost of debt to the project would definitely come down. As I mentioned 
earlier, ICRA has given us a rating of A minus as of right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit from MIT Engineers.  
Amit: 
Congratulations to Irani for the good set of numbers. My question is, the Finance Ministers -- 
the budget opposed to limit deduction from capital gain on investment in residential houses 
under Section 54 and 54F of INR 10 crores. How it will, the heat our luxury home sales and 
have you noticed the hyperactivity to take tax advantage like Damani and other deals, right now, 
going on in Bombay? 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Boman Irani: 
So again, thank you for that question. Because, I say, in every adversity lies opportunity. But let 
me clarify. First of all, as Rustomjee, we are based across Affordable, Mid/Mass, Aspirational 
and Premium, as well. So, I would think that we are largely serving all segments of the market. 
So those that have capital gains, and the value is up to INR 10 crores, they would still continue 
to gain an advantage out of investing in real estate with us. As far as the day this news did — 
the day the FM made this statement, we did quickly a deep dive into all the apartments that we 
have sold in the INR 40 crores, INR 50 crores category. 
And what we observed was, out of the 20-odd sales or plus that we have made in that category, 
there was only one that was actually a capital gains purchase. So, given that, I am further 
enthused to say that other than the fact that contribution of our Mass, Mid/Mass and Aspirational 
segment is 66% today. The fact that we had Premium also, so people can continue investing up 
to about INR 10 crores or adjust their capital gains up to INR 10 crores. And the fact that even 
those that sold in the INR 25 plus crores bracket out of the 20 plus deals, there was only one that 
was a capital gains person. But yes, I also read the papers and I see that there is a lot of heavy 
buying as far as these capital gains purchases are. And I guess, that will continue till such time 
as it’s available. 
Amit: 
And sir, after the many new players like Mahindra and all these corporates in redevelopment, 
and Adani also coming in Dharavi. So how well our company is positioned to protect our share 
and increase it, particularly redevelopment in the overcrowded Mumbai market? 
Boman Irani: 
I love this question, because it gives me a chance to actually tell you that a leader always 
welcomes other people into the business, because it gives him a larger share as he goes along, 
or her a larger share as she goes along. I respect the fact that every one of these branded names 
that you mentioned, have entered this market that only goes to show the advantage of being in 
this segment, right? 
So, the more people that come in over here, the larger this market will become is my way of 
looking at it. And in this growing market, my share will continue to increase because I come 
with credibility, I come with ability, I come with history, I come with a lot of references. And 
none of these are available as chips on the shoulder to any of the new entrants. Yes, that is why 
they taunt on about the rest of their developments. 
But again, look at Rustomjee, we’ve done every kind of development from standalone buildings 
that is say 1,000-meter plots, going all the way up to townships there are 217 acres plus. We 
have built more than 20 million square feet, 280 buildings completed, not one building left in 
the lurch, anywhere. Not one redevelopment or one sold flat left incomplete. 
We’ve got an enviable track record and we make sure that wherever we are absolutely keen on 
getting in on the redevelopment, we make sure that people know of this. And in the markets 
wherever we forayed, of course, there is competition and it’s healthy, and it’s important that 
there be, because that will only improve our understanding or our depth in this business. We still 
stand to be winners overall. And we’ve been extremely successful even now, the four properties 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
that I told you that we took as redevelopments. There were competition from all these names 
that you are mentioning. 
Amit: 
Sir, all your customers, vendor, partners are very happy with you and your team. Hope, all the 
shareholders will share the same sentiment in the coming years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman B, as an Individual Investor.  
Naman B: 
I just wanted to understand you. There was an article recently that mentioned you partnering up 
with a AIF Mount K. Capital, that will invest specifically in your redevelopment projects, if you 
could just speak a bit about that? 
Boman Irani: 
Naman, again, thanks for that question. See finance is the blood line of the real estate 
development business. And the one thing that a good company does is it keeps on raising money 
not when it’s needed, but when we can, right? So, this AIF that you speak about is actually 
sponsored by Keystone Realtors.  
We are 20% committed to this to the size of this business. And as a matter of fact, the good news 
is, we’ve already done our first close of INR 350 crores. We also have State Bank of India as 
one of the investors among some very marquee family offices and individuals who kind of put 
their money out here. And yes, the investment philosophy for this AIF-funded projects is, that 
we will go everywhere where we can complete the project in four years to 4.5 years that is end-
to-end cycle. 
We’ve already incubated three projects in this — for this AIF. And in the next quarter itself, we 
should be able to launch or rather move ahead to launch. I would say in the next financial year, 
to be honest, we would be able to launch two of these projects that we’ve incubated. And we are 
looking at more as we go along. It is an extremely, I would say, efficient way of raising capital 
for the long-term use, and being able to leverage the brand and our ability to be able to have a 
larger development or redevelopment portfolio in the City of Mumbai. 
Naman B: 
And sir, you’d also mentioned I think during the road show that there were 20 redevelopment 
projects that you were in talks with. And you’ve announced four so far this year. So, for the 
remaining, if you could tell us, which are in the advanced stage or if you’ve gotten into more 
negotiation? 
Boman Irani: 
Yes. Thanks again for that, because it’s good you brought that question, so I can tell you that 
redevelopment or pitching for projects is a continuous process. More importantly, every project 
I bid for, I will not get. As I mentioned earlier in my talking that, we are very focused, that only 
if the development makes business sense, will we go for it. We have no desire to try and say we 
want to build the most marquee project and therefore this location should be taken. We believe 
Mumbai is going to change from just being location-specific, of course locations will play an 
important part, but more become development-specific. 
So even if, today you consider an entire Lower Parel area that has been built, it has come out of 
nothing, the BKC area that got developed came out of nothing. I say, it is the kind of 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
developments in the future that are going to matter. 20 projects that we’ve been in, we don’t 
want to take more than six or seven, four have already been taken, but we continue to bid for 
other projects at the same point of time. And wherever it makes sense we take the project, where 
it doesn’t, we wish the very best or we congratulate the people who’ve taken it, because I believe 
it will take — it just bolsters me or makes me stronger in that particular market. 
I would also like to state that my business development team has been bolstered further with 
new members, and we continue to have the internal IC, wherein we have to strongly, let’s say, I 
like a project, I still have to sell that project to my other two partners, my CFO, and my Sales 
and Marketing Head. And of course, the brand custodian of Rustomjee, where we put across all 
the numbers, we put across the reasons why we believe that’s a great project. 
And then, there is an internal selection process. So, this allows us to look at those areas were 
individually people could have missed out, because collective knowledge is always greater than 
individual knowledge, and we take full advantage of each one of our 26 years of experience in 
this business, which collectively makes it for more than eight decades. So that is the long and 
short of it. I’m happy, you asked that question. Thank you. 
Naman B: 
Thank you. Sir, just one last question. There is an article that says that you entered partnership 
for a 2 million square feet affordable housing project in Kalyan, and I don’t see that mentioned 
in the presentation, so if you could just tell us something about tentative launch or something 
about that? 
Boman Irani: 
We were actually mentioning Kalyan, Dombivli belt. So, it is Dombivli where this project has 
been entered. And as we speak, there is a lot of on-groundwork going on over there. We are in 
the process of regulatory approvals; it takes some time. We are in the process of getting those 
approvals. And as I mentioned in the new financial year, we will be launching that project as 
well. So, it’s actually Dombivli — Kalyan-Dombivli belt. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anushka Mahajan, as an individual investor. 
Anushka Mahajan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, I 
have two questions. One is, sir what is the outlook for JV with regards to new project acquisitions 
over the next one year? And do you think this field is becoming more competitive from a bidding 
perspective? 
Boman Irani: 
First of all, I’m very happy to have you on. So, when I say ladies and gentlemen, I know, that 
you are there in the audience. Very quickly let me answer your second question first. It is 
competition that builds us and makes us better A. B, it is very important to have the right 
competition. So today, at least, all the bidders that we mentioned — mentioned by the earlier 
questionnaire, are financially sound parties. And I am confident whether they make or lose 
money, at least the projects will get completed. I’m hoping that we all understand that basically 
in real estate 99% is not 100% complete and it’s worthless. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
It is only when it is 100% complete that it has some value. And the one thing that has badly 
scarred our business has been, in the past, people coming into redevelopments, not having the 
financial wherewithal or the line of sight of how they will complete a project, but still making 
bids which are unrealistic, thereby making the entire market unviable. 
And then finally, landing up by the wayside and becoming NPAs, if I may say that. And leaving 
so many people in the lurch, whether it was those whose homes they were redeveloping or the 
financial institutions that they work with, or even the purchasers of their new homes. So, 
competition is good and competitions from the right quarters is even better. Having said that, we 
believe that the advantage for Rustomjee is its long history. It’s been 22 years that we’ve been 
in this business of redevelopment. 
As I mentioned earlier, we understand the nuances of this business. We are also someone that 
has over a period of time, due to the performance, built a great amount of trust in those minds 
that are giving up their homes. And we always make it a point to inform the people that there is 
a difference between the best offer and the highest offer. The highest offer is definitely not the 
best offer, because it will get waylaid at times. It is those that have the experience, ability, 
history, and references that have been developing-redeveloping projects that one should kind of 
put their homes in trust with, so it works out quite well. 
With regards to your JVs and JDs, yes, opportunities have again opened up out there. As I 
mentioned, a lot of developers may have gone ahead and made huge acquisitions for land as 
such and are today looking at people who can monetize that land. If you take  Dombivli for 
instance, that is a JDA that we have worked out not so long ago. And again, over here, it’s not 
like the land developer would not get other developers to kind of work with. But word-of-mouth 
reference has actually helped us get into the Dombivli JDA at probably a lower realization for 
the landowner. 
But the landowner is totally satisfied that what has been promised to him will be given no matter 
what. So, this really works a lot and reputation is something that is most important like I tell 
people. Trust is the currency that reduces the price of the transaction. And I’m very happy to be 
part of a creation of a brand which is trusted by a lot of people in the homebuying space. Thank 
you. 
Anushka Mahajan: 
Sir, I have one more question. Sir, do you have any plans to expand beyond the MMRDA region, 
like you did in Virar and Thane? 
Boman Irani: 
So, let me put it this way. The MMR market as per some of the reports, was about 40% plus of 
the total recognized residential real estate realization in the last year. So being in a market where 
you are 40% of the total value of the country, should give me great strength and belief that the 
deeper I go in this market, the more there is that I stand to gain. And given the fact that real 
estate is also a very big brand led, how do I say this, business, it is important that we continue 
to enhance our brand in this MMR area. Thane, Virar, now Dombivli all these are MMR, all 
these are covered in the MMR region. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
We will continue to be in this market. I am not in any hurry to move to any of the other markets. 
I am a dominant developer of this market. Everyone entering this market treats me as the 
competition or the benchmark. And I’d much rather stay in this very fertile segment rather than 
go to the same places where the other developers are coming from. I hope that satisfies your 
query. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rithvik Sheth from One-Up Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Just one question on the Mount K. Capital AIF, you mentioned that we are 20%, we contribute 
20% of the fund. Did I hear that right? 
Boman Irani: 
Absolutely. The Mount K. fund is a very interesting concept, where we believe that investors 
who want to have a larger play directly in a particular type of development should be allowed to 
participate. Again, given the fact that Rustomjee stands by Keystone stands by what we do as a 
company, we decided to be a 20% commitment of our own money in that business. So, we will 
earn the same kind of returns that business will earn up to a certain threshold. 
Beyond that, of course, we stand to gain substantially, because of the way the Mount K. Capital 
has been structured. It is a win-win situation that I always believe is important to create in the 
long run, there is no shortcuts. And I’m glad that over the next three to four years, the kind of 
returns that will be made by the investors in Mount K., would lead to tremendous growth of the 
AIF platform and thereby of your company as well. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
Right. So, equity all the partners will be looking to invest. And then we will be looking to 
develop the projects, right? So, we would be getting some kind of DNP as well, so that would 
be a broad understanding? 
Boman Irani: 
So, it definitely is the understanding that up to a particular threshold the money would be made 
by all the investors first, thereafter Rustomjee would be disproportionately gaining as the 
company, other than getting returns on the 20% that we have invested in Capital as well. 
Rithvik Sheth: 
And you mentioned that we have put in INR 350 crores already, in this. 
Boman Irani: 
INR 350 crores is the first close that has happened, so by that by virtue, we’ve invested 20% of 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Boman Irani: 
So, thank you once again, it’s been very interesting your questions always lead us towards let’s 
say greater answers for the future. I thank each and every one of the participants out here. We 
truly believe that we are at the beginning of a very exciting journey. We would like to take this 
opportunity to invite each and every one of you participants to visit our projects, to understand 
the kind of quality offerings, and our execution capabilities. I’d only be too happy to organize 
these site visits for you or the study trips for you. 

 
 
Keystone Realtors Limited / Rustomjee 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
On behalf of the Rustomjee management, I thank you for joining us today. In case of any queries, 
we are always available. Please reach out to us. We’re very happy to keep sharing all information 
as transparently as needed. Thank you very, very much. Good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us. And you can now disconnect your lines. 
