 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
Registered Office:  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070 
 
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400 
 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
 
February 9, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip code: 535755  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Symbol: ABFRL  
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q3 FY 22-23 Earnings Call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Ref.:  1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;  
 2. ISIN: INE647O01011 & INE647O13016 and 
 3. Our intimations dated February 1, 2023 and February 7, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q3 FY 22-23 Earnings Call held on  
February 7, 2023 is annexed herewith. 
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.abfrl.com.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
Anil Malik 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANIL KUMAR 
KISHAN 
MALIK
Digitally signed by 
ANIL KUMAR 
KISHAN MALIK 
Date: 2023.02.09 
16:27:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 “Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
Q3 and 9M FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
MR. VISHAK KUMAR – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, LIFESTYLE BUSINESS – ADITYA 
BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Third Quarter and First 9 Months of FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited. The call will begin with 
a brief discussion of the company's management on the Q3 FY '23 performance followed by a 
question-and-answer session. We have with us today Mr. Ashish Dikshit, Managing Director; 
Mr. Jagdish Bajaj, CFO; and Mr. Vishak Kumar, Director and CEO, Lifestyle Business. I want 
to thank the management team on behalf of all the participants for taking out valuable time to 
be with us. 
I must remind you that the discussion on today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarterly and half yearly performance and to strategic 
questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
With this, I hand over the conference call to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to the quarter 3 earnings call for our company. The 
quarter saw the highest ever quarterly revenues for the company at both the standalone and 
consolidated level. This was driven by continued strong growth trajectory of our premium and 
luxury segment and a strong resilience of the value segment. Addressing network expansion, 
robust e-commerce performance, new category extensions and successful brand-building 
initiatives have consistently been our growth drivers that have helped us to deliver impressive 
double-digit revenue growth over pre-COVID levels for the fifth consecutive quarter. 
I would want to highlight one aspect of our business where we had to take a hit in view of the 
adverse impact of COVID as we emerged out of it, we have amplified our marketing investment 
since the start of the year. This quarter, our marketing investments have been approximately 
2.3x of same quarter last year. And a part of this spend was utilized to build first-ever national 
TV and digital launches, along with the spending on local activations, celebrity endorsement, 
influencer marketing, etcetera. Additionally, we furthered our deep investment into our new and 
nascent stage businesses for the purpose of aggressively growing the distribution network and 
building a strong brand equity. 
Now I will talk about financial performance for our company for this quarter. Company 
delivered sales of INR 3,589 crores, which is a growth of 20% over the same quarter last year 
and 39% were pre-COVID. The company achieved a consolidated EBITDA of INR 467 crores. 
EBITDA margin was broadly in line if adjusted for higher investment in brand building and 
advertising, which was INR 125 crores, higher than Q3 last year. And also rental savings of INR 
55 crores in Q3 last year FY '22. The company continued with rapid network expansion during 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
the quarter. Our branded businesses had an expense in 245 stores led by additions of 122 Reebok 
stores to our network and expansion of retail network in Lifestyle brands, innerwear segment 
and ethnic businesses. Pantaloons also continued their expansion journey with addition of 10 
stores during the quarter. 
The company persisted in its efforts to expand on its digital platform, placing particular emphasis 
on enhancing its omnichannel capabilities. E-commerce sales grew 33% Y-o-Y across the 
portfolio. We have continually expanded our omnichannel reach with now over 2,350 stores 
equipped with omni capabilities throughout India. This represents consistent advancement of 
our digital initiative as we continually adapt to the changing demands of our customers. 
Reebok completed its transition into ABFRL operations with effect from 1st October 2022. This 
will build a strong meaningful play in sportswear market. We are glad to announce that TMRW 
it has completed the acquisition and integration of 6 of the 8 digital-first brands previously 
announced in the press release in November 2022. 
Now in terms of our YTD performance, sales grew by 63% over last year to INR 9,538 crores. 
Company posted EBITDA of INR 1,385 crores. It is important to note that marketing 
investments to YTD are INR 300 crores more than last year. I'm pleased to tell you that in line 
with our strategic objective, our other businesses, including innerwear, youth fashion and 
international brands have grown approximately 50% over last year, while ethnic business has 
grown to 13x of pre-COVID levels to reach INR 400 crores. 
I will now take you through the performance of individual businesses, starting with our Lifestyle 
brands business. Lifestyle brands maintained their remarkable business performance, achieved 
highest quarterly sales on the back of robust retail performance as reflected in 5% LTL growth 
and strong e-commerce performance. This resulted in a testament to the strength of our brands 
and business model. Revenue for the quarter stand at INR 1,873 crores, 18% higher than last 
year. EBITDA stood at INR 3,017 crores -- INR 317 crores. 
The growth in this business segment continued to be driven by premiumization across brands, 
along with a strong rebound in occasion and workwear. Our women's wear is continuously 
growing and achieved 26% Y-o-Y growth. Also other categories like suits and blazers, denim 
and T-shirts continue to receive strong consumer traction as they posted impressive growth over 
last year. Retail business grew by 21% over last year on back of solid net additions of more than 
110 stores during the last 1 year and consistent same-store sales growth. 
Further, e-commerce continued to be a strong sales channel and e-commerce sales grew by 19% 
Y-o-Y despite overall moderation in e-commerce growth across the industry. I want to reiterate 
that Lifestyle brands is one of the largest branded fashion e-commerce business in the country. 
Brands marketing efforts reached back pre-COVID levels resulting in a noticeable enhancement 
in overall brand recognition and revenues. Our expansion in small town in India continued 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
aggressively as we take our brands to these markets through an asset-light format. We are present 
across more than 505 stores in small towns, contributing profitably to the top line. 
Moving on to the Pantaloons business. The Pantaloons division recorded highest quarterly sales 
of INR 1,159 crores, with a growth of 9% over last year. EBITDA stood at INR 168 crores. This 
was achieved despite post-Diwali demand slowdown in value segment. Additionally, this growth 
needs to be seen in view of the shift of Pujo to Q2 this year versus Q3 last year. A substantial 
portion of the customer base is located in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, and hence, on account of 
inflationary pressures and weak consumer sentiment led to sluggish performance in these cities 
and towns. Pantaloon opened 10 new stores during the quarter to exit with 460 stores. 
Other businesses. Other business segment continued with its outstand performance, and the 
portfolio comprises of 4 business lines: active athleisure and innerwear, youth fashion brands, 
super premium brands and Reebok. During this quarter, the portfolio had posted revenue of INR 
363 crores, a 26% growth over last year. Let me begin by talking about innerwear business 
performance. 
The revenues of this segment grew 10% over the same quarter last year despite overall slowdown 
in athleisure segment. The segment continued to scale up rapidly and has its 31,000 trade outlets. 
Brands also added 48 EBOs in the quarter to exit with 159 EBOs. The business launched its 
largest nationwide television and digital advertising campaign. 
Youth fashion segment, consisting of American Eagle and Forever 21, delivered a strong 
performance. American Eagle continued to solidify its reputation as one of the leading 
aspirational denim brand, and it delivered 24% LTL growth. Brands opened 5 new exclusive 
brand stores in the quarter and is now available at 31 EBOs and 42 doors of department stores. 
Forever 21 also added 5 stores on a net basis during the quarter. The brand is back on expansion 
journey with 50% Y-o-Y revenue growth on a back of a strong LTL growth and robust e-
commerce performance. The collective and other super premium brands witnessed a sharp 
growth of 43% over last year with a very strong 24% LTL. The segment has consistently 
maintained strong profitability over the past few quarters. Online revenues continue to surge as 
our own e-commerce site, Thecollective.in recorded more than 60% growth over last year. 
Ethnic businesses, we have built a comprehensive ethnic portfolio across multiple occasions and 
price points. We'll include partnerships with designers like Sabyasachi, Tarun Tahiliani, Shantnu 
& Nikhil and House of Masaba, premium men's ethnic wear brand Tasva and Jaypore. The 
segment achieved revenue of INR 189 crores and has grown 66% year-on-year. Businesses 
continue to invest in brand-building initiatives and new store openings. Sabyasachi revenue -- 
revenues grew by 23% over last year, with a strong growth across all the categories. Brands 
crossed INR 1,000 crores plus quarter revenue -- INR 100 crores plus quarterly revenue. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
We are pleased to inform you Sabyasachi's newly opened iconic New York store has received 
an overwhelming response, and is well poised to establish the brand as a truly global brand. 
Tasva, our premium men's ethnic brand, added 11 new stores in the quarter and is now available 
across 32 stores. The brand also launched its first comprehensive marketing campaign, which is 
currently live across prominent digital platforms and television. Brand and its products continue 
to be well recognized by the consumers and the industry. 
Jaypore brand is present across 15 stores and witnessing a very strong traction across multiple 
channels. The brand continued to grow on the back of network expansion and growth in new 
categories that it has added such as home and accessories. Revenue from the brand grew by 
almost 80% over last year. Shantnu & Nikhil delivered the highest-ever quarterly revenue with 
43% growth over last year. Brand is now available across 15 stores. Brand introduced sports-
inspired lifestyle category by launching Shantnu Nikhil Cricket Club. 
House of Masaba delivered highest ever quarterly revenue with 66% growth year-on-year on the 
back of healthy LTL growth of 61%. The newly introduced brand Lovechild has continued its 
expand into new categories such as fragrances. Our products continue to receive favourable 
response from the customers. And just to reemphasize that the ethnic wear is a huge market 
opportunity where we wish to build a large meaning play to our comprehensive portfolio. With 
the way the portfolio is stepping up in terms of performance, we are confident of building a large 
and profitable business for the next 3 years. 
To conclude, our performance is backed by the strength of our brands, our distribution capability, 
our deep consumer understanding and our sharp focus on operational rigor. With the most 
comprehensive portfolio play in Indian fashion industry, all our new initiatives have 
demonstrated expected early indication of success. And along with our mainline businesses, we 
are confident that we are on the right path to execute our strategy. Thank you, and we are open 
to questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Richard Liu from JM Financial. 
Richard Liu: 
So Ashish, I have two questions. One is on the long-range Madura margin, right? I mean if I 
look at pre-COVID, which is the 3Q FY '20 quarter, you did about INR 1,300 crores of the top 
line in that quarter. And this time around, it is more like INR 1,870 crores, right? I mean so that's 
quite a bit of an increase versus that level. But at time you reported a margin of about 17.3%. 
With a much, much higher revenue base at this time, your margin is lower at 16.9%. 
And I remember you all had very emphatically spoken about some structural cost savings that 
were affected during COVID, which were supposed to keep margin higher on a permanent basis. 
In light of all that, can you please help reconcile this kind of margin that you've clocked this 
quarter? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I'll give you a first response and I think Vishak can add to it. Richard, clearly, a large part of the 
margin shift this quarter is probably because of significantly higher quarterly advertising, which 
is a phasing issue and a sort of onetime large investment, having not made investments for last 
2, 2.5 years. That's a significant shift. 
If you look at the shape of the business, it continues to remain as strong as it was before, in fact, 
stronger over a period of time. The CAGR, even if you look at it from '20 to '23, ignoring or 
even accounting factoring in the COVID period, continues to stay very, very strong. This is 
despite the fact that some of the trade and wholesale customers have fallen off. 
As far as structural margins is concerned, I think we are marginally better than where you were 
in FY '20 if you take care of the additional onetime advertising because we always did 3.5%, 
4%. This quarter was significantly higher in account of that. 
Your point about structural change in the cost structure, see, COVID went through a lot of pieces 
which were one time, and there's a few which where structured over a longest period of time. At 
this point of time, as business is coming back, the difference is, I would say, not as noticeable 
as it was during the COVID period when you could take a lot of deflationary costs down, 
overheads, which went down. 
Retail parts of the COGS has come back, although the nature of our retail business is more 
variable than it was in FY '20. And the testament of that is that during the times when things 
were not very good, Madura business managed to hold on its margin a lot better than pure fixed 
cost businesses. So I don't know, Richard, if I've answered all your questions. And Vishak, if 
you have anything to add. 
Vishak Kumar: 
 
Richard, does that answer your question? 
Richard Liu: 
I got the flavour of A&P, but if -- I mean if I add that A&Ps to boast the quarter, would you be 
at a much higher level now considering that your top line is much better? 
Vishak Kumar: 
At a percentage margin level, I won't say much better, but better than what we used to be. So 
this is a dramatically higher top line with a marginally better margin percentage, okay, is the 
way I would read it. So we have continued to grow very strongly, Richard, while holding on to 
the strong double-digit margins that we've consistently enjoyed. 
Richard Liu: 
And what about gross margin? Because there was also a thought at that time that discounting as 
a concept is not going to be so prevalent anymore. Do all those assumptions continue to hold or 
we have gone back to pre-COVID behaviour? 
Vishak Kumar: 
Richard, here is the deal. I think our discounts haven't changed too much vis-a-vis pre-COVID. 
But what you must recognize is that they have gone much higher during the COVID years. So 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
to that extent, we have brought it back to pre-COVID levels, so in that sense it has progressed, 
okay? Is there room for further improvement in that? Incrementally, yes. 
Richard Liu: 
Thanks, Vishak. I'll just move to Pantaloons then, right? I mean if I look at -- and I'm looking at 
Q2 and Q3 combined, so that we don't get into this Pujo shifting thing, right? I mean if I look at 
Q2 and Q3 combined, again pre-COVID FY '20, the revenue was about INR 2,000 crores. This 
quarter, it's about INR 2,250 crores, so that's about 10% higher, right? But your store count is 
up from about 340 then to about 400 plus now. What explains this? I mean why will you keep 
investing in this business if this is the situation of the growth that you are able to garner after all 
these years? 
Vishak Kumar: 
So I think, Richard, one quarter or perhaps performance during this phase may not tell the whole 
story. Indeed, this quarter has been weak and primarily post Diwali, which is month November 
is what has pulled down the business performance. So if you look at FY '20 performance and 
compare that to FY '23, I think our same-store growth is down by about negative 9% or 
something, which is what is reflecting in the count of numbers that you are talking about. 
I would say, Richard, if you were to look at the value segment performance, there is a larger 
headwind that Jagdish talked about that we are experiencing in that. It's very different from what 
we are experiencing on the other side of the market, which is where most of our premium brands 
are, which are enjoying the sturdy comeback that consumers have seen in the higher end of the 
market. And this has gone out both in terms of consumer segments as well as geographical 
positioning. Tier 2, Tier 3 towns are seeing much lower recovery and much lower productivity 
even at this point of time as we speak. And that's something that Pantaloons is factoring from 
and experiencing that. I think it's a phenomena which we will have to drive through as we speak. 
Richard Liu: 
And what will actually revise the sentiments at the value end? Because I mean we are seeing a 
lot of these some comments also at, let's say, the lower-priced consumer goods players, and 
everybody is thinking that the government is going to do ABCD. But I mean, isn't that more of 
a hope than anything else? I mean what will happen to revise the sentiments at the value end? 
Vishak Kumar: 
I think overall, there has been cost demand destruction during pandemic and a smaller end of 
the -- lower end of the SME customers, smaller markets. I don't know whether job loss is still 
relevant in those markets, but definitely, there's been a slowdown in curtailment of discretionary 
income and expenditure at that end. I think the longer-term picture, and we have seen it before, 
it's not the first time we are experiencing that. There is an equally strong recovery that happens 
when consumer sentiments improve. 
I think when you look at the premium end and the value end, we are also seeing the resilience at 
the top and the challenge at the bottom. At least for our business, I don't think government alone 
-- and those factors are perhaps too macro for us to comment upon in terms of how they will 
deliver into our performance. Some of it could also be recovery post strong festive, because that 
period indeed saw -- both Pujo and Diwali saw good recovery. And it's months after that, which 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
has actually pulled us down. If I had to put one factor which could change it, I think overall 
consumption and economy will have to improve for this to start to seeing a meaningful shift as 
far as the market is concerned. 
Richard Liu: 
And if I can just slip in one more question. On Reebok, if you can help us understand how much 
did it bleed, why did it bleed, and what will the -- what does the P&L look like and what will it 
look like when you get to a decent shape? 
Vishak Kumar: 
So I think there is a onetime effect in transition, we transferred a whole lot of inventory in 
business and there was a onetime impact on accounting that into it, which we saw in this quarter. 
It is a strong business. We expect it to get to close to double-digit EBITDA margins sooner than 
later. And I think that was the shape of the business before we acquired, that any business which 
has not been looked after for some time, that requires a little bit investment and revitalization. I 
don't think it's a long journey, it's a very sharp 9- to 12-month journey that we will have to do, 
but we'll have to see that period towards this point of time. 
Richard Liu: 
And you are talking about double-digit margin despite the royalty that you'll have to pay, right? 
I mean because I guess the earlier operation did not -- did it also have a royalty construct into it? 
Vishak Kumar: 
Yes, we'll have to deliver that post royalty. I mean that's our margin. 
Richard Liu: 
And you think you can get to that in about 9 to 12 months' time? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No. I think 9 to 12 months is what it would take us for turning around. Perhaps another 12 months 
after that. It's very hard for us to right now because it's just few months into our operations. We 
have cyclical parts of the businesses, making sure the inventory system gets in control, which 
itself is 6-9 months away from us. Lots of stores needs refurbishment at this point of time. But 
it's a fundamentally strong business, which is at 350-400 crores business. So we have a good 
base to work on in that sense. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak. 
Garima Mishra: 
Jagdish, could you please help us with the period ending net debt number? And any major 
investments or outflows towards promised investments that we should expect over the next 2 or 
3 quarters? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
So the net debt on 31st December is INR 340 crores. The Board has approved investment in 
TMRW between INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores. Out of that, I already made around INR 120 
crores, so this is the only outflow which we take. 
Garima Mishra: 
So the remainder, let's say, INR 350 crores to INR 400 crores for TMRW, what is the time 
horizon that you have in mind in terms of investing it? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
It will be this quarter or at best spillover into the next quarter. It's not a very long term... 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Vishak Kumar: 
 
That is the next 6 months. 
Garima Mishra: 
And specifically for TMRW, the investments that you have, I know there are some details of 
those that have been disclosed. But is there any sense that you can give us in terms of the cash 
investment or let's say, the cash loss you may have to incur towards ramping up this portfolio 
in, let's say, FY '24? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It's hard to give a number, but you will have visibility of that Garima, quarter-on-quarter. If you 
look at this quarter, we have about INR 19 crores of loss for TMRW consolidated level. We 
expect it to marginally go up in the immediate short-term and then subsequently, depends on the 
performance of the portfolio companies. 
Garima Mishra; 
But as and when you deploy the remainder INR 350 crores, INR 400 crores of the Corpus, this 
loss number may actually increase if, let's say, the acquired companies are loss-making or they 
are just start-ups and not really profitable? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. So it is a combination of -- see, most of our companies that have acquired includes accounts 
that you see currently in the books, are marginally profitable at consolidated level. However, 
there is an overhead cost, which is the TMRW company cost, which is incurring this overhead, 
which is what you're seeing in terms of losses. As we increase investments, it will depend on the 
quality of portfolio businesses that we'll build. Also, some of these businesses are very scalable, 
and the reason for -- that's the reason for investments, which would require a deeper loss in those 
businesses. 
So the trajectory would indeed depend on the quality of business at the entry and various 
investment require it to take it to the next level. It could go up and possibly will go up is my 
guess, looking at the way digital business eventually turn out. But the range will be between 
20% to 30%, 35% kind of number. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
 
[inaudible 0:26:34] 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Of course, what Jagdish is saying that all this is covered as a part of overall funding that we have 
given it. But I think your question is specifically around the losses that we come -- that will come 
in the books of ABFRL. 
Garima Mishra: 
Yes, that is correct. One more question on Reebok. Could you help us understand the revenue 
and EBITDA made in this business, specifically in the third quarter? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
INR 34 crores revenue. As Ashish was saying, around INR 13 crores EBITDA loss. 
Garima Mishra:  
Got it. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
 
Let Vishak give you a more detailed answer. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Vishak Kumar: 
Garima, it's like this. In the Reebok business, we've transferred the business from 1st of October, 
okay? There is an if you look at a pre-royalty component of EBITDA, in fact, in Q3 itself, we 
would be close to breakeven on that, okay? So it's -- as we -- as the business scales up in quarters 
to come -- can you hear me? As the business scales up in quarters to come, okay, so we will keep 
getting some of the benefits of that leverage. There is a fixed cost organization that we've put 
up. There is a network of retail stores which is being fast ramped up. Okay? There is also a lot 
of investments into replenishment systems, warehousing, etcetera, all of which kick in, in the 
next few quarters, okay? 
So with that, that is what Ashish was trying to say earlier. In the next 12 months itself, it's going 
to be a fairly -- we'll be able to get this into some kind of steady state and then get into double-
digit margins from the year after. 
Garima Mishra: 
The last question from my side, if I may. Ashish, you mentioned that the advertising expense 
was indeed very hefty this quarter. How one-off or nonrecurring should we expect this number 
to be? Because given you are seeding new businesses, ramping up new brands, it may continue 
at this pace for the next few quarters? So just thought -- I just wanted your thoughts on this. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, you're right, Garima. There our advertising spend this quarter coming as a very large sum 
because that has come back both in existing business, which we felt for a fair bit of period had 
not seen visibility, as well as new businesses that we are seeding. So your point is valid about 
the new businesses. Although even for them, this will be the right time to advertise and create 
visibility because of the season, we were launching Tasva. We had a network of about 30, 35 
stores. Similarly, innerwear, where we had not had the opportunity to build because of COVID 
since launch, a fairly impactful national campaign. 
So those businesses also saw, I would say, exceptional level of onetime investment. It doesn't 
mean that these businesses will not get advertising support, but this would not be in the 
proportion that we ended up spending this time. And the same is true about the Lifestyle brands 
business, which is the other place where advertising spend is nearly 3x the normal spend that we 
have done in the past.  
Because there is a sense that we needed to get back and make our brands more visible, having 
less about 2, 2.5 years of that period. This is definitely an exceptional spend for the quarter as it 
appears. It reflects our investments in brand philosophy, which we have always done, between 
3.5% to 4% is what we have been investing over a long period of time. I don't expect that 
trajectory to shift. 
But this quarter, that will up to almost 200 to 250 basis points depending on which business you 
are talking about. In the core business, it was 200 basis to 250 basis points. In the new businesses, 
this was obviously a onetime initial launch expenditure. Our overall advertising spends will 
remain in the range that we have always done in the past. And the new businesses will continue 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
to get support ahead of the revenue at this point of time. But perhaps all that impact cumulatively 
is somewhat coming together and therefore, looking so much bigger in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
My question is on the marketing investment. So if, sir, I may ask that how have we decided to 
allocate this resource, like how much in which -- for which brands? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So look, we have a large portfolio of brands, and each one is in a different stage of existence. 
Many of them have been around for a long period of time, but still have something new to say 
about themselves. Some are very new and therefore just need to build awareness. So expenditure 
is, of course, in line with the strategy that we have played out for each brand. So it's not a top-
down allocation, although there is a judgment at the top. It's primarily done as a part of the 
annual planning for each of the brands, and it plays out differently in different quarters. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, I was just thinking that if you could talk about Lifestyle brands and Pantaloons broadly, 
something in that direction? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Pantaloons business, being a retail brand, typically operates with 2% as its marketing cost, 
sometimes 1.5%. At the peak, it would go to 2%, 2.5%. Lifestyle runs on the other side operate 
between 3% to 4%. But in peak periods, like this quarter, it has gone up to maybe 5.5%. But on 
an annual basis, our value business operate between 3.5% to 4%, and our retail business operates 
between 1.5% to 2%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, just one question, kind of an extension of the previous participant's question. Sir, how do 
you measure ROI on brand investment? And is there any kind of method on which quarter or 
which -- considering that the broader economic environment was muted after October, is it like 
that there is an agility in the process that if we see that the response from customers is not 
coming, we can actually postpone the plan and they can kind of repurpose it for some other time 
period? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It is. Tejash, though sometimes it's hard to take a very short-term measure on it. Advertising, as 
you know, and you watch so many businesses across categories, is a longer-term. And there is a 
lot of residual effect of advertisers which plays out over a long period of time. Having said that, 
remember, a part of our business is experiencing exceptional growth momentum. Lifestyle 
brands business, if you look at quarter 1, quarter 3, including this quarter and continues as we 
speak, is experiencing very, very strong business momentum. 
So this is very much in line with our strategy. Advertising is enabling the brands to stand out, 
convey the new categories in which they want to play, whether it's mostly jeans or Van Heusen 
Flex or in Allen Solley category. So each of the brand has a growth driver, which is being 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
supported by advertising. And much unlike the overall mood that your question seems to be 
indicating, that part of the business is actually enjoying a very good run and the advertising is 
supporting the kind of momentum that the business has picked up. 
On Pantaloons, that's why we don't hear that comment about it because we are careful about 
spend after October, and we have taken steps to curtail that. On the new businesses, where some 
of them are yet to be proven, but I think they require the initial awareness building and the 
message to go to the broader consumers, and that's why whether its Tasva, innerwear, which 
saw advertising in a significant manner after a long period of time, we continued. 
And those businesses, I don't think are experiencing it. Most of the challenges in the market post 
Diwali are really at the value end of the market. And we have been watchful about spending 
money in that part of the market. 
Tejash Shah: 
And sir, second question on this Tasva. So you spoke about awareness that requires to be there 
for the new brand. But then if we -- if I see -- and if I'm not wrong, we actually engaged where 
we had a Bollywood celebrity for -- a national celebrity for Tasva launch. And when I see that 
the on-ground business is just 35 stores, so how can that awareness actually converts into 
demand even if somebody wants to engage with experience brand based on the spend that we 
have done. 
So is it like -- I understand it's always economic between distribution and advertisement. But I 
was -- as a consumer or as an analyst, I was actually intrigued that we spent so heavily at a time 
when our on-ground presence was not that high. So I just wanted to know your insight on why 
-- how we approached Tasva's launch? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think, Tejash, you have answered the question in your question. In many ways, there is a bit of 
a chicken and egg. Do you build retail distribution with a high fixed cost investment in inventory 
and then wait for demand creation to happen? Or do you do one before the other? I think there 
is a very strong wedding linkage to this category, that's why the brand which was launched about 
6, 9 months back, so this was the first wedding season that the brand has seen. I also wish we 
had 100 stores instead 30 stores at this point of time. But that would have meant you would have 
had that much cost, which you would have seen no advertising and low awareness. 
I think some of these things have to be done in this manner. We have created a reasonably strong 
mission visibility for the brand. It would help not just the existing stores, but also finding new 
stores and getting consumers. Because it's a slow process, and we needed to build that awareness 
even for the stores which are going to come in next 3 to 6 months. 
Tejash Shah: 
And sir, lastly, what will be our EBO strategy for Tasva as we go along? Will it be FOFO, COFO 
or a mix of both? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So initially, as we had said early on at the launch stage. We wanted first 40, 50 stores to the 
COCO stores because we want to make sure that we establish the brand strongly, both in terms 
of where we want the stores to be, the quality of store, the experience and also to establish proof 
of concept even for potential franchisees. And we didn't want it to be held back till that model 
is proven and franchisee is coming. As we go forward, like all our brands, this will increasingly 
move from a pure COCO model to a COFO, eventually to a full COCO model. But in the near-
term future that you see over the next 1 or 2 years, the movement will be more gradual. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from ShareKhan By BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So my question is on the EBITDA margin. So going ahead, as you said that the marketing spends 
what you have done for this quarter would phase out going ahead. So considering that, in the 
core business, should we expect margins to stabilize considering the fact that you will continue 
to grow in double digits? However, on the consolidated front, it will take another year also 
because you are investing in some of your newer business, so that will continue to have impact 
on the profitability. So is it fair to assume that at consolidated, there will be a gradual recovery 
in margins from FY '25? However, at the core level, we should expect margins to come back on 
track from FY '24? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think if you look at our business as sum of parts, then you get a better and clearer picture of 
it. As far as Lifestyle brands is concerned, I think the good indicator of that would be a 9-month 
picture into this quarter or the previous quarter, etcetera, because the horizontal view of the 
business is perhaps the most stable view of the business as [inaudible 0:40:39]. That's been a 
very consistent business and a margin would perhaps be moving in the zone that 9-month 
margins will indicate. It's around 17-odd percent. It will probably move between 17%, 18%, 
19% kind of zone as the business grows over the next couple of years. And that's the Lifestyle 
brands. 
As far as Pantaloons is concerned, the business is undergoing, as we speak, a more challenging 
situation. But again, I would suggest you look at a 9-month picture, which reflects a reasonably 
strong performance, not just compared to category and industry but even with respect to FY '20 
performance, which was 9 months of same period last year, where the margins have been 
hovering around 17% to 18%. So these businesses are, in that sense while they may see 
fluctuations quarter-on-quarter, the longer-term picture is more stable than the quarterly 
fluctuations. 
As far as the new business is concerned, I think we have 2-3 kinds of businesses. There are parts 
of ethnic businesses. And if you look at, therefore, ethnic profitability, it's marginally breakeven 
to positive because part of ethnic businesses are already profitable. But new businesses like 
Tasva are going to take perhaps 2 years to really come back to breakeven and improve. 
Some of the other new businesses, which are businesses like TMRW, are little bit more unclear 
at this point of time to predict. When it would be? Perhaps, a much longer gestation considering 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
the nature of these businesses and then it take more than 2, 3 years to get to that level. But most 
of our ethnic business hopefully, particularly Tasva, which is the one which is consuming most 
of the investment at this point of time, will take about 2 to 3 years to become profitable. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And for this quarter, the interest cost has gone up substantially. So any particular reason for this? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
 
This is [inaudible 0:42:47]. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, question was on Pantaloons. With low traction in Q3, do you foresee higher discounting in 
Q4 as Holi is also earlier this time around versus last year? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think low traction in Q3 itself resulted in higher markdowns and competitors versus working 
as far as this segment is concerned, in Q3 itself. I don't think situation has changed I mean, both 
from post Q3. Most of the product situation which went down was primarily in November post-
Diwali and a little bit in December. I don't think it will change in terms of higher markdowns in 
Q4. Q4 would be like previous Q4. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And January specifically has been relatively much better because of delayed winter sort of 
getting into. So any lead trends that you would like to share for this month? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Again, I would say one month sometimes could give a wronger picture, just as I'm urging you 
to look at 9-month picture for all the businesses to understand the intrinsic nature. January would 
be an extension of the 9-month story. Businesses are performing along the lines where the 
premium parts of the business we are facing and experiencing a stronger offtake versus the value 
end of the segment. A month here and there, picture keeps moving, but I will change our view 
or any form of outlook on that account. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And innerwear seems to have seen a higher loss in this quarter, you sort of alluded it to higher 
marketing. So I just wanted to check, are we making investments at the gross level as well 
through higher incentives as into gain more shelf space here? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No. That's -- that part is very stable. Most of the higher losses which are showing in the other 
part of the [MSL 0:45:06] segment is indeed, as you correctly suggested, is coming from 
innerwear and a significant part of innerwear losses. In fact, almost all the losses are due to 
incremental and increased advertising that we did. This is the first-ever national campaign, both 
television, digital and outdoor that we launched for innerwear. And that's really what has 
impacted both the profitability of innerwear as well as the overall other business losses. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And last question from my end, sir. You indicated in previous answer -- the previous participant's 
answer also, we made some profits in the ethnic segment in Q3. I guess that is due to stronger 
traction in other ethnic segment ex of Tasva. Just wanted to check, what is the view for coming 
quarters? As we made about INR 50 crores loss in last quarter and this quarter, it is slightly 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
profit. So what's your view on this segment in coming quarters? So will we return back to that 
INR 40 crores, INR 50 crores sort of a loss? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
[inaudible 0:46:10] making INR 50 crores loss last quarter -- INR 40 crores, INR 45 crores okay. 
So this quarter, obviously, both Q3 and Q4 are very good quarters for ethnic wear businesses 
because of the wedding period. And most of our business in ethnic are related to wedding. I 
think Q3 will be a better reflection of Q4. Although Q1 and Q2, similarly go through periods of 
less wedding, and therefore, those are more affected for these brands. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Agarwal from Basant Maheshwari Wealth 
Advisers. 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
So sir, as I looked in the investor presentation, like the EBITDA margins would have been about 
18.5%, 19% if we adjust the rent and the higher marketing expenses. So you said that the Q3 
EBITDA margins would be in similar lines to the last year one, if you adjust these 2 expenses. 
So do we see 18%, 19% kind of stable EBITDA margins once everything is sorted like by -- in 
the next 3, 4 years kind of a scenario, like when the newer businesses also start performing? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think I would reiterate the point I'd made earlier for understanding our margins on a longer-
term basis, whether you look at on annual basis, this year, last year. Look at a 9-month picture, 
it gives us fair reflection of where the state of the business is. As I indicated, Madura business 
operates between 17%, 18%, 19% kind of margin at different points of time. Pantaloons, while 
this quarter may have fallen a little bit, but has operated between 17.5% to 18% margin. Our 
new businesses will go through a little bit of fluctuations, while ethnic will probably come back 
as soon as Tasva investments are over. 
Our B2C will take longer time to come back. So they will be less predictable on a quarter-to-
quarter basis. Ethnic in second half of the year will have stronger performance versus the first 
half of the year. As on the overall ethnic basis, because there are a lot of profitable business 
there, which already reside in that portfolio, they will continue to do well. And particularly in 
the wedding periods, they do exceptionally well. But our Tasva investments will perhaps 
withhold the overall ethnic performance in that? 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
On a stable-state basis, like we are spending a lot on Tasva and Sabyasachi, all these would be 
a very high kind of a -- high EBITDA margin business when they mature in the next 2, 3 years, 
right? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Sabyasachi is already a higher-margin business. It's stable. It's hard growing, but it's a high-
margin business because the brand is very, very profitable. The question is really about 
Sabyasachi -- is about Tasva, which is where we are making the investment. We need to build 
awareness. We need to build a network of stores, and it would take time before it becomes a 
profitable business. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
And when do we expect operating leverage to kick in from these investments? By then like in 
the next 1-1.5 years, like in the second half of FY '24, is it possible? Or it would take much 
beyond that? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think it will take a little beyond that, particularly for the businesses which are starting off and 
investing. We have given a reasonable sense of where we see the shapes of various businesses 
of ours, same our external investor presentations that we have made. We are largely going around 
that line, parts of our businesses are running ahead of that and some parts are slightly behind. 
But overall, at a portfolio level, we have closer to that overall mix that we had indicated at that 
point of time. 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
So in the Investor Day, probably you'll revise the data and come up with the newer figures? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We will come back at an appropriate time with the revised numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Ankit Babel: 
Sorry for the repetition, but my question again is on the profitability. Now I understand you 
people are in an investment phase wherein you are investing in various businesses for the long-
term growth. But as investors, we would like to know about the profitability part also. Now how 
long this accelerated investments will continue? 
And I understand the core businesses of Madura and Pantaloons, you had given that range of 
17% to 19% margins which will come up, but new businesses will continue to drag. But we need 
to understand the extent of the drag which can come from these new businesses in, say, next 12 
months so that we can take an informed call? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I understand your concern. And just as you repeated previous question, I would restate the 
response that I've said. Look at the portfolio that we have, if look at 9-month picture on revenue 
side and look at the weighted average of the business. Madura business is about INR 5,000 crores 
run rate for 9 months, so you could extend that to look at the annual run rate. Pantaloons today, 
INR 3,300 crores. You could extend that to look at what. So about close to INR 12,000 -- INR 
11,500 to INR 12,000 crores of our business, there is a reasonably predictable, although quarterly 
fluctuating, profitability shape that one could predict. 
Then there is a part of the business, which is new businesses that we're growing. Currently, it's 
about all the new businesses put together in terms of revenue, would be operating at a run rate 
of maybe about INR 1,300 crores, INR 1,400 crores for 9-month period, so about INR 2,000 
crores annually. That business is the one which is fluctuating. Most of the one -- investments 
that are likely to come are in Jaypore -- sorry, in Tasva, a little bit in Jaypore, and finally in 
TMRW. We have gained an indication of TMRW where it will probably be in the range of INR 
20 crores to INR 30 crores that we are currently experiencing this quarter. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
It will move a little bit here and there as we acquire new companies and depending on the shape 
of those businesses. As far as ethnic business is concerned, on an annual level, I think we will 
come closer to breakeven very soon. And I don't expect that to be a very long-term loss-making 
business because a large part of that portfolio is already productive. And as Tasva gains come, I 
think it will also come closer to consuming less investment than what it is doing right now. I 
don't want to give an exact number for next year, if that's what you're looking for. Unfortunately, 
that's not... 
Ankit Babel: 
No issues, direction is very good and that's helpful. So just for simplicity and just for our and 
everyone else's understanding, the figure which you had given, say, 2 years back in your Investor 
Day, was around INR 2,350 crores of EBITDA by FY '26. I understand a lot of things have 
changed in the last 2 years. But still, for our simplicity and for our understanding, are you in a 
position to achieve at least that number in terms of EBITDA in absolute terms? Or you believe 
that you will miss that? Or you believe you will surpass it? Any idea on that number, sir, because 
that is already there in the public domain, which you people have declared? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, I know. We have given in public domain, and therefore, I'm never going to contradict except 
reaffirming the fact that we have given it. Time has passed since then. We will come back to 
you, as I mentioned, with a revised set of numbers. What would that number be? I don't want to 
right now give a response which we may have to make it correct either upward or downward. 
But let me tell you, we are broadly moving in the direction that we have indicated in that. 
Differences if any, on revenue side or EBITDA side would only be marginal and would be a 
function of how each of the new businesses will play out. Our core businesses are fundamentally 
operating in line with what we have projected. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the management, we thank all the 
participants for joining us. In case of any further queries, you may please get in touch with Mr. 
Rahul Desai or Mr. Amit Dwivedi. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
