 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Conference Call with 
Investors 
 
This has reference to our intimation dated February 13, 2023, informing that the 
audio recording of the Conference Call with Investors, to discuss the Company's 
performance for the Quarter ended December 31, 2022, is uploaded on the website 
of the Company. 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the above conference call held on February 13, 
2023. 
 
The said transcript has also been uploaded on the Company's website www.zee.com. 
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
ASHISH 
RAMESH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by ASHISH RAMESH AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400064, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc750f2
413e1a7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d565, 
pseudonym=f38c751bdfc14aa38a63c7ad5e46df79, 
2.5.4.20=ea7f99dc0155641b85ecdcc49c924ce5930
564419007ce8d80bcbfc5a6d03fc5, 
email=ASHISH.AGARWAL@ZEE.COM, cn=ASHISH 
RAMESH AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.02.17 16:43:35 +05'30'

 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 13, 2023 
 
 
 
Transcript  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
Mr. Punit Goenka – Managing Director and CEO  
Mr. Rohit Gupta – Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh – Head Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in 
conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the 
transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate 
transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the 
event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. 
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. 
In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, 
and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” 
or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. 
These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such 
forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.  
 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference 
Call of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh, Head of Investor 
Relations, Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thank you, Yashasvi. Hi, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 FY'23 earnings discussion. We 
have with us today our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka, along with 
senior management team. We will start with opening remarks from Mr. Goenka, 
followed by commentary on operating and financial performance by Mr. Rohit Gupta, 
our Chief Financial Officer. 
We'll subsequently open the floor for Q&A session. Before we get started, I'd like to 
remind everyone that some of the statements made or discussed on today's 
conference call will be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction 
with risks and uncertainties we face. The company does not undertake to update any 
of these forward-looking statements publicly. 
With that, I now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka for his opening remarks. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you, Mahesh. Good evening, everyone. I hope all of you are doing well, and I'm 
glad to connect with you all this evening. As always, I will share a brief outline on the 
company's performance indicators, post which our CFO, Rohit Gupta, will take you 
through the financial and operating metrics in detail. 
Before we begin, I would like to apprise you on the progress of the proposed merger 
between Zee and Sony. As you are aware, we have received approvals from the stock 
exchanges, Competition Commission of India and the company's equity shareholders. 
The teams at both ends are focused on completing all the required legal and 
regulatory processes mandated as per law. Our focus remains on concluding these 
processes in the most appropriate and timely manner, and we stay committed to 
building a value-generating institution for all our stakeholders.  

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Speaking about the industry at large during the third quarter, the M&A sector 
continued to display immense potential and several growth opportunities across key 
segments. Keeping pace with this momentum, the company has also continued to 
make good progress with healthy growth in the digital business and share gains in 
some of the key channels during the quarter. This mirrors the success of the team's 
concerted efforts to strengthen our offering across markets, and we continue to 
maintain sharp focus on delivering a robust content slate to consumers. 
Our recent re-entry in the sports business with the inaugural addition of the IL T20 
has augured well for the company and has drawn a positive initial response from the 
viewers and advertisers alike. We aim to further build onto this momentum and 
elevate audience excitement, viewership and economic muscle for the sports 
business. Even as the structural growth scenario appears positive in the mid- to long 
term, we remain cautiously optimistic on the near-term advertising revenue outlook. 
The overall sentiment continued to be soft this quarter as well, which has resulted in 
muted advertising revenue growth across the sector. While the macroeconomic 
environment and inflationary headwinds are gradually easing, key brands and 
advertisers across categories restrained their spending. 
Given the fact that we have relatively high exposure to FMCG advertisers and Tier 2, 
Tier 3 audiences, our advertising revenue sensitivity to rural demand and 
consumption is more pronounced. We remain hopeful that the steps announced by 
the Honourable Finance Minister in the budget 2023 will spur broad-based demand 
and lead to a quicker recovery in the overall ad environment. 
On the subscription front, the long standstill on the new tariff order has been 
impeding growth and impacting our profitability. That said, NTO 3.0 being 
implemented from 1st February 2023, we look forward to driving subscription 
revenues growth post implementation in the most effective manner. At Zee, we 
continue to focus our energies on building a future-ready portfolio, which is well 
poised and diversified to capitalize on the opportunities as the overall market 
sentiments improve. 
On that note, I would like to hand over the session to Rohit to share finer details on 
the company's performance during the quarter. I look forward to interacting with you 
all during the Q&A session. Thank you. Over to you, Rohit. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Rohit Gupta: 
Thank you, Punit. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 FY'23 earnings call. I will 
briefly touch upon financial performance and outlook. Starting from an operating 
environment perspective, we continue to see curtailed ad spending by FMCG brands 
during the quarter. While October did see a very brief pickup due to festive season, 
subsequently, spends have continued to taper off. We believe this is a cyclical 
slowdown and as demand recovers, we will see pickup in TV advertising. 
TV still remains the most relevant mass media brand building avenue with 
unparalleled reach. We are utilizing this period to strengthen our business to 
capitalize on the opportunity as the tide turns. On linear business, we continue to be 
India's strong #2 TV entertainment network, and our viewership share for Q3 FY'23 
was at 16.2%, marginally lower by 20 bps quarter-on-quarter. We have gained share 
in several key markets, including in Zee Tamil which has been a consistent growth 
story over last couple of quarters. Zee Marathi performance still remains subdued, 
and team is focused on stabilizing and rebuilding our network share there in coming 
quarters. 
On digital side, ZEE5 has posted yet another quarter of growth across financial and 
operating metrics. Our Q3 FY'23 DAUs are highest ever at 11.5 million. Original 
content is being well received and ZEE5 app user experience has seen significant 
improvement. All of these are strong affirmation of our investment in content, 
technology and marketing. ZEE5 has clocked a revenue growth of 33% year-on-year 
during Q3 FY'23, reflecting healthy traction and adoption. 
Now specifically coming to the financial performance. Total revenue for Q3 FY'23 are 
up 4.1% quarter-on-quarter and were flat year-on-year. Our ad revenue for the 
quarter grew by 5% quarter-on-quarter, aided by festive season spending but are 
lower by 16% year-on-year. On year-on-year ad revenues in addition to the 
macroeconomic factors previous year Q3 also had a stronger festive season and Zee 
Anmol FTA ad revenue, which we withdrew from 1st April 2022. Subscription revenues 
for the quarter were up by 13% year-on-year and 9% quarter-on-quarter. 
Q3 FY'23 subscription revenues were aided by underlying organic growth in ZEE5 and 
recognition of INR 59 crores amount from Siti Network, including INR 10 crores of 
GST, so net revenue of INR 49 crores. On recognition of subscription revenues from 
Siti Network, while we have recognized revenues as a conservative practice, we have 
also provided INR 59 crores amount receivable, including GST in exceptional items to 
be consistent with our cash and carry approach. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Zee Music Company saw 246% year-on-year growth on video views, highlighting 
strength of ZMC music catalogue and library. YouTube subscriber base of ZMC 
increased to 92 million from 80 million a year ago. ZMC continues to be #2 music 
channel and has a very young and new age catalogue with very high consumption. 
ZMC also continues to acquire 50% of new Hindi movie titles. 
Coming to the movie business. During the quarter, Zee Studios released 9 movies, 5 
Hindi and 4 regional. While the content performance remained soft, syndication 
revenues were healthy, driving 148% year-on-year growth in Q3 FY'23 in other sales 
and services revenues, albeit on a lower base of Q3 FY'22. During the quarter, our 
content inventory and advances were largely stable at INR 79.5 billion. We have a 
strong 2023 pipeline of movies under different stages of production. 
Now moving to cost and profitability. During Q3 FY'23, excluding exceptional items, 
our EBITDA margin came in at 16%, quarter-on-quarter improvement of 135 bps, but 
still lower by 668 bps year-on-year. We continue to be focused on prudent cost 
management across the business and are hopeful that when the macroeconomic 
environment and ad spread improves, our margins will recover from these levels. 
ZEE5 EBITDA losses for the quarter stand at INR 2,820 million largely stable compared 
to Q2 FY'23. From an outlook perspective, we will continue to invest in strengthening 
our ZEE5 value proposition in line with our investment strategy, and expect ZEE5 to 
be in investment mode for the next few years.  
Also quickly touching upon the receivables from Dish, outstanding has substantially 
reduced from INR 5.8 billion as on March '20 to INR 1.06 billion in December '22. PAT 
for the quarter came in at INR 243 million. Net profit for the quarter was impacted by 
exceptional items aggregating to INR 169 crores. 
In addition to provisions for Siti subscription revenues, we have accounted INR 68.9 
crores for merger-related expenses, INR 25.5 crores provisioning for principal 
outstanding from Zee Learn NCDs and INR 16.2 crores provision towards DSRA. The 
cash and treasury investments of the company as of December '22 stand at INR 6.7 
billion. 
The cash and treasury investments include cash balance of INR 4.6 billion and fixed 
deposits of INR 2.1 billion. To sum up, while Q3 festive seasonality hasn't been strong, 
we have shown some sequential improvement in a challenging backdrop, which is 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
encouraging. Ad revenue growth revival is our key focus, and we are hopeful of a 
gradual improvement in this spending environment. Back to you, Mahesh. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Rohit. Yashasvi, we will open the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
I have first question on the P&L and balance sheet. So firstly, on the P&L, there is an 
exceptional item of around INR 166 crores odd. I wanted to understand the three, a 
bit more in detail, why now? Second is your cash and investment is down in the 9 
months from around INR 1,297 crores to around INR 672 crores, almost half. So where 
does this go from here? I understand the slowdown in advertising and your upfront 
investment across many of your channels and OTT. But from here on, next 1 year, 
where do you see your cash and investment. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Thanks Abneesh. Like I said, the exceptional items has 4 key elements to it. The first 
one is, as I said, we have recognized revenue of Siti to the extent of INR 59 crores, 
including GST. And we have also taken a similar provision which has been reflected in 
our exceptional items. That is the first part. 
The second is there were NCDs from Zee Learn, which we have impaired, which is 
about INR 255 million. And then there is merger-related costs, which includes legal, 
professional and other item integration etc., which is about INR 689 million. And then 
there is a provision for DSRA, which we have been doing in earlier quarters. And as in 
terms of the contractual agreement, we continue to provide for it. So that is about 
another INR 162 million. So that is the breakup of the exceptional item. 
As far as cash, so if you see in this quarter, the cash primarily reduction in cash is 
because there's a dividend payout that has happened to the tune of about INR 300 
crores. Quite frankly, this quarter, there is a free cash flow of INR 100 crores plus that 
has happened. But over the last 9 months, primarily because we have seen dip in 
advertising revenues, and that is one reason why, of course, it has impacted our 
profitability and our cash as well. And like we said, the key is the turnaround of the 
advertising revenues as the advertising revenues improve, our profitability will also 
improve, and that will also have a positive impact on our cash. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Having said that, we have been making investments in ZEE5 in both on the content 
side in technology and marketing, and that investment will continue because we see 
that as a growth area. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, one follow-up on that. The merger cost of INR 68 crores seems quite high. What 
exactly is it? And merger costs and NCDs say on Zee Learn or, say Siti Cable, any more 
recurring item because we had understood that any more group level issues are 
mostly done. So why this fresh issue? And can again more issues happen from group 
companies. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abneesh, on the Siti part, because we are on cash and carry, the billing has 
happened of the INR 59 crores that Rohit talked about. But because the cash is not 
received by us, then it's parked in either court or in FDs with the banks, which are 
earmarked for us, good prudence governance made us take the decision to provide 
for it. Zee Learn is a one-off, there is no other outstanding against that, Rohit correct 
me if I'm wrong. And so there is not going to be anything else. On the merger-related 
issues, Abneesh, you can take it off-line with Mahesh in detail? 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. So like I said, just to add to it, this includes merger transaction, integration 
planning, several other functional work stream specific to the merger. And this is a 
big merger. So these expenses look high. But in terms of the overall merger, this is 
what it is. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My last question is on advertising. So when I see the FMCG ad spends in Q3, we have 
obviously not seen a 15% cut in their advertising spend. There are other sectors, I do 
understand that. But what's the strategy now in Zee Anmol because say, 6% to 7% of 
the advertising impact is clearly there from there also. So you are now seeing 
improvement in your subscription revenue with the new approvals, etcetera, which 
are coming in terms of NTO 2 also. So on Zee Anmol, any refurbished strategy given 
the impact is quite high. And rural slowdown, we don't know. As of now, it is still very 
early green shoots. In that scenario, any rethink on the FTA strategy? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, Abneesh, no rethink on the FTA strategy because since April 2022, when we went 
off free to air, we have actually seen the stabilization of the paid subscriber base on 
both cable and satellite. So therefore, going back so soon, would, in our view, will 
hamper the potential growth for the pay, which is going to come back after 3 years 
with the NTO 3 implementation. So nothing as of now. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Vivekanand S. from Ambit Private Limited. 
Vivekanand S.: 
So in your consolidated notes to accounts, you mentioned that you have billed 
subscription of INR 68.49 crores from Siti, and you have booked provision of INR 58.4 
crores. So does this mean that you received around INR 10-odd crores from Siti during 
the quarter? I'm just trying to understand this note better. 
Rohit Gupta: 
I'll take this one. So we have -- the total amount that was billed was -- you're right, 
about INR 68 point some crores, and the revenue that we have recognized is actually 
based on the amount that Siti has either deposited in the court or the fixed deposits 
that they have made, which is earmarked for Zee. So based on that,  because the 
amount to which they have done is about INR 59 crores. That is why we have taken 
revenue of INR 59 crores. And a similar amount has been provided for which is shown 
in the exceptional items. 
Vivekanand S.: 
Rohit, you're saying that this INR 68.5 crores is the billing, you were supposed to 
recognize INR 58.4 crores, but since you have not received that money you are 
providing for it. Is it? 
Rohit Gupta: 
That's right. 
Vivekanand S.: 
My second question is on the Zee Learn NCDs, when was this investment made? 
Rohit Gupta: 
So as you can see from the note, the Zee Learn NCDs were guaranteed by Zee and 
these were actually taken over by Zee in 2020. We have been receiving payments 
from Zee Learn to the NCDs and the amount had come down from INR 45 crores to 
INR 25 crores. But having said that, in the last few months, we have seen that the 
amount was one, not coming in. And secondly, because there is an insolvency 
admittance that NCLT has done for Zee Learn, based on which we have taken a call to 
provide for it. 
Vivekanand S.: 
So third question is the guarantee. I mean, DSRA guarantee, clearly, there is still some 
amount that is unprovided for. And we see that every quarter there is some additional 
provision that we are taking for this. And I believe the number for the current quarter 
was INR 16.2 crores. So why not take the provision entirely in one quarter so that in 
this 1 hour of conference call discussion, you can focus on the business items rather 
than every quarter just jump through to understand the numerous exceptional items. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Rohit Gupta: 
For DSRA, all the matters are sub judice right now. And we are providing for as per 
the terms of DSRA, so DSRA with various banks, there are certain DSRA terms. And 
based on that, we are providing, as and when they become due we provide for it 
every quarter. 
Vivekanand S.: 
I see. Okay. And was that the same with Zee Learn, or was that your choice that you 
decided to provide for it this quarter? 
Rohit Gupta: 
With Zee Learn, like I said, there was a trigger in this quarter. And based on that, we 
decided to take the provision. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
I have a question on the subscription business. The revised RIO that we have filed 
basically shows a price hike in double digit, especially in some of the bouquets down 
south. So going by this trend, can we expect a very strong growth in the subscription 
business in the first year of implementation itself like we had witnessed for NTO 1.0, 
that is one. 
And secondly, can you also share the rationale behind pricing? I know viewership is 
probably one of the factors, but is there any maths linked to it because in some of the 
bouquets price hike is quite steep. Yes, this is my first question. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, if you recall, because we have not been able to take any price hike for the last 3 
years, and we have launched the maximum number of channels within those 3 years, 
that means we were not able to price them into our bouquet itself. That is the other 
reason other than viewership itself. That's the only reason it looks like that steep. We 
have factored that into our calculation. But of course, the resultant growth for the 
company overall, All India level will not be that high. It will still be moderate single 
digits, as I've been saying to you. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
My second question is with respect to the response to the inaugural ILT20 lease. Is it 
possible to share any viewership data or probably any data point with respect to ad 
or give some perspective on a profitability time line in the context of amount that we 
have paid to get the rights. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes. So the ILT20 inauguration session has been received quite well. Ratings data is 
available in the BARC system. You can get it from there. I would not have it -- we won't 
have it readily available here, but we can share it with you. Because this was aired on 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
our entertainment channels, we have seen significant uptake in the advertising, and 
it is within the budget that we had planned. Of course, any league of this sort takes a 
few years to get established and turn profitable. So we do expect in the third or fourth 
edition when we'll see breakeven or profitability coming from this. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
My first question is on ZEE5. If you look at the trends for the last 9 months, clearly, 
the MAUs have increased but DAUs have kind of become flat and average watch time 
actually has reduced and revenue has increased. So I just want to understand this 
divergence in these trends. How should we read this, what's happening? And how 
should -- what should we expect in the next, say, 1 or 2 years on this front? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes. So MAUs have increased and even DAUs have increased over the last 9 months. 
In fact, they have gone from -- I think from my memory I'm talking with, Arun that we 
can reconfirm these to you. But about 9 months ago, it was daily active user of 
between 7 million and 8 million. And today, we are at about 11.5 million. That trend 
in the time spend has weakened this quarter only because we had a lot of new 
customers that came in to sample, and as you will know, for any new customer, for 
them to become loyal and start consuming content for long periods of time, takes 
time. So this is just the aberration. I do expect this to stabilize back to the 180 to 200 
levels that we have been seeing for the last 3 quarters. 
Arun Prasath: 
Just the numbers that we see is close to DAUs have kind of been flat in the between 
June to December around 11 million. But nevertheless, what I'm trying to understand 
is if you can give your gross ads on the subscriber because these numbers are looking 
like based on the usage and as well as there is a churn. But if you consistently, are you 
seeing increase in the gross ads and also so the net ads is remaining more or less the 
same. Or how should we look at this? If you slice and dice qualitatively, can you 
explain what's happening there? 
Punit Goenka: 
So Arun, sorry, I stand corrected. You are right. DAUs have been flat for the last 2 
quarters. I stand corrected there. So we will be sharing a whole lot of new metrics 
which we are starting post the merger. So kindly bear with us for a couple of more 
months, and we'll start sharing all the detailed metrics with you. 
Arun Prasath: 
My next question is on the cost side. If you see the content cost and obviously, the 
marketing spends. I'm just comparing this 9-month data from the FY’20 and -- as well 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
as FY’22. Obviously, the cost is increasing because your investment is going up in 
many of these properties. Just my -- what I'm thinking is, are we too aggressive in the 
content investment in these times despite knowing that there is a slowdown in the 
FMCG spends because we are aware about the FMCG spends at least, we are talking 
about this for last 2, 3 quarters. Are we going to turn down our aggression at some 
point of time? And how should we think about the cost going forward? 
Punit Goenka: 
So Arun, you're right. This is a natural question that we ask ourselves every day. But 
the impact of that is also seen last year, same time, when we had cut costs 
significantly, it had an impact on our business in the current year. So we consciously 
chose not to cut investments in this year so that when the tide turns, we are ready to 
capture the growth. And therefore, we will continue to remain aggressive in the 
content investments. Of course, that does not mean that you keep jumping by 14% 
to 15%. I think they are inflationary in nature, even if you look at now, it's only about 
a 10% growth in content cost that we have seen. 
Arun Prasath: 
At what point of time you will take a relook at these cost levels? 
Punit Goenka: 
We do it everyday, Arun. That's what I'm saying. 
Arun Prasath: 
Sorry, I couldn't hear you. 
Punit Goenka: 
I'm saying we do this every day, every quarter. So that's our job basically. We look at 
these costs, other than revenue that's the next line item we look at is our cost. So rest 
assured, we are going to be prudent. And when think it is no longer viable to invest 
in the content, we will pull back. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
I wanted to check regarding your thoughts on Jio’s decision to offer IPL for free on Jio 
Cinema. Would this have an adverse impact on the Pay TV customer base? And ability 
of broadcasters to monetize the cricket broadcasting rights? I know it's different IPL 
versus world cup price which you own, but how do you see this development? And 
also, would this mean a larger move of ad dollars towards digital. 
Punit Goenka: 
I don't think so that it is that easily substitutable that you can just shift the viewership 
from television to digital overnight. If you look at even in the case of when the 
predecessors had IPL, if you'll recall the first 2 years, they also were giving it free. It's 
only in the third year or third edition that they had it or they put it behind the pay 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
wall. Of course, it will pull advertising dollars towards that, but that does not mean it 
will replace television from any angle. Our own calculation state that even in the last 
season of IPL, almost 75% plus advertising came on television and only 20%, 25% 
came on digital. So that will not significantly change overnight. 
Kunal Vora: 
Even with IPL being available for free and on 1 channel, while that's being paid on 
television, you don't think it will have any meaningful impact. I mean, why would that 
be the case? For the customer, it becomes so much convenient plus affordable to 
directly go for digital, right? 
Punit Goenka: 
No. You see, you are talking about the -- maybe the high-end customer who's got the 
high-end television set that they watch it on. The other 200 million or 250 million 
people are not going to sit and watch a 5-hour match on the mobile screen, right? So 
once you are home, you generally just go to the convenience of watching it on 
television. That is what I believe is the general human nature. 
Kunal Vora: 
Second and last question is I wanted to get your initial thoughts on ad revenue 
growth, subscription revenue growth and margins in FY'24. 
Punit Goenka: 
Kunal, we are not giving that guidance out right now. As I said in my opening remarks, 
the advertising market is still soft. We have to take it quarter-on-quarter. So for FY'24, 
we are not giving guidance right now. Subscription revenues will grow. As I said, once 
the NTO 3.0 is implemented, you will see a healthy single-digit growth on subscription 
revenue. 
Kunal Vora: 
On advertisement, are you seeing any signs of a recovery because for consumer 
companies, the gross margins are expanding, ad spends are at a multi-year low. Are 
you optimistic about the recovery. 
Punit Goenka: 
I'm always optimistic. And with the headwinds and on the inflation side and the rural 
thing easing, hopefully, will bounce back soon enough for consumption to again pick 
up and therefore, advertising should come back. 
Kunal Vora: 
And just lastly on the sharp decline in average viewership minutes in digital. I couldn't 
understand the reason for that. Why is there a sharp aberration? 
Punit Goenka: 
It's basically new users that came on. Their consumption generally is lower in the 
beginning months. It's only once they get used to the platform that they consume 
more. So it's an aberration. There is no trend to it. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Kunal Vora: 
But we haven't seen a sharp increase in users as well, right? So I mean, what am I 
missing here? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Kunal, you've seen the MAU go up meaningfully. If you look at where our MAU is 
about 10 million on addition in the quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on ZEE5. If I look at over the last 2 years, the DAUs have almost doubled, 
MAUs have also more or less doubled the conversion rate is around 9% to 10% odd. 
The revenues have grown, but the costs have grown even sharper. How do you plan 
to monetize these footfalls or these sort of DAUs that we are seeing? We had earlier 
mentioned large part of this are driven by subscription. On the advertising front, if 
you can share some thoughts there. 
Punit Goenka: 
No, you're right. So we will continue to grow our revenues by subscription itself, and 
also by advertising, but advertising will be a smaller segment, unlike television, where 
it constitutes almost 70% or 75%. In this case, it will be reversed to begin with and 
then probably plateau out between 60:40 in the favour of subscription. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Is there any inflection point in terms of, let's say, DAUs or maybe the conversion rate 
where you believe the monetization on advertisement will be much more sort of 
feasible and visible there? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes. Obviously, there will be once we start hitting conversion levels of 15% to 18%, 
you will start seeing far more traction in advertising coming in. 
Ankur Periwal 
Sure. On the advertisement front, while the environment is still soft and as you 
suggested for the near term, the outlook is not as great. If you can share probably, 
let's say, on a 9-month basis, how has been our volume metric growth and maybe the 
correction on the yield front that we have seen. 
Punit Goenka: 
So most of the de-growth has come on the yield part, only some part has come on 
the inventory or the consumption. 
Ankur Periwal: 
This will be largely led by, let's say, the likes of Tamil and Marathi languages or even 
Hindi and other languages have seen correction? 
Punit Goenka: 
Across the board. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And lastly, maybe a book-keeping. So the one-off that we had taken in this 
quarter, so Zee Learn largely it's done, merger cost, is it all done or probably there 
could be certain more expenses there? And secondly, on the Siti exposure bit as well 
and DSRA, will we be taking a quarter-on-quarter approach there? Or there is a 
possibility of sort of front loading all the provisions at one go? 
Punit Goenka: 
So as Rohit explained, as part of the DSRA agreement, as and when those exposure 
falls due, we take it in the quarterly approach. As far as Zee Learn is concerned, you're 
right, it's done for. And as far as the merger expenses are concerned, the merger is 
not yet done, so it will continue. 
Rohit Gupta: 
And I just want to add, while we do take this provision for DSRA, the entire provision 
is without prejudice because we have these matters, be a sub judice. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Just a clarification, this merger cost of INR 68 crores, INR 69 crores. This is only 
for the quarter? Or there are certain longer-term costs also which have been booked 
here? 
Rohit Gupta: 
So this is the cost for the quarter. Sorry, I didn't get your question? 
Ankur Periwal: 
So I'm just wondering if this is cost only for Q3. So in Q4, possibility of such cost 
repeating also remains there. 
Punit Goenka: 
Not necessarily it has to be the same, right? I mean, because some consultants who 
have finished their work and gone away. So it will continue to vary. We can't make a 
standard statement that this will continue at the same level. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sorry to harp on the exceptional item again. So 2 questions here. Rohit, you 
mentioned that we are providing for DSRA as and when they fall due. So does that 
mean that, if my understanding is correct, this is basically the guarantee that we 
provide for the interest, which is due that consistently, whenever it is due, it is not 
being paid by the entity which we have guaranteed. And if that is the case, what is 
the outstanding amount now, which has not fallen due. Any number to give us a little 
bit of visibility or clarity on what to expect going forward? 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Rohit Gupta: 
So first of all, whatever amount that was due for DSRA till date, that has -- we have 
taken provision, and that is without prejudice. We have these matters in the court. 
And so you are aware about that. 
Punit Goenka: 
We won't be able to disclose those figures to you. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. But yes, whatever -- so there is -- like you're saying, is there any outstanding 
amount which is due, it's something like that. Whatever is we have already taken a 
provision for that. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
And second, like Zee Learn, can we disclose the overall outstanding that we might 
have across the Zee entities or other related parties, which we should be aware of. 
Punit Goenka: 
All are disclosed, Abhishek. There's nothing which is not disclosed. Even Zee Learn 
was disclosed. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. Fine. So that's helpful. Now one question on the OTT. I just wanted your view. 
Have we seen any decline in the competitive intensity over the past few years or the 
competition continues to be -- competitive intensity continues to be very high, and 
therefore, we continue to invest in the OTT platform that we're doing. 
Punit Goenka: 
Competition on OTT is still high. I don't see it has been reduced in any manner 
whatsoever. So I think it's still early days, and this competition intensity will remain 
high for at least the foreseeable future. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aditya Chandrasekar from UBS. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
A couple of questions from my side. So on subscription, basically some part of the 
growth is because of the Siti revenue that's recognized, right? I just wanted to 
understand, is this a kind of cumulative catch-up revenue that's been recognized? Or 
are these amounts also included in prior quarters? I'm just trying to understand like-
for-like kind of how do I compare Q-on-Q. 
Punit Goenka: 
It is catch up, entirely catch up. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
For how long will this be as in what's the period for this? 
Rohit Gupta: 
12 months. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Last 12 months revenue? 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes. So we have not been recognizing revenue from Siti and because we have said 
that Siti revenues were recognized only on the basis of when we collect. So only this 
time when they have actually made deposits into the court and they have these FDs 
which are earmarked. We have recognized this revenue just to be in line with the 
accounting standards. And at the same time, we have made a similar provision to 
make sure that unless these amounts are received we don't take them into our 
profitability. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
And going forward, every quarter, will they be continuing this deposit to the court? 
Or what's the arrangement in place going forward? 
Punit Goenka: 
They have to deposit in the court or in the FD until the court resolution happens on 
the case. Up until then, they were paying us directly. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
And second question, is it possible to give any sense on the potential total merger 
costs? Like what are we looking at? 
Punit Goenka: 
Difficult to say right now, but we'll try and get an estimate for you. 
Aditya Chandrasekar 
And lastly, on the content cost, I think, related to a question that another analyst had 
asked. So in terms of like inflection point in terms of when you might think of saying 
that the content investments have peaked, is there a particular benchmark in terms 
of linear viewership share or maybe DAU or MAU number that you maybe have in 
mind, say, the 16% goes to X percent or the DAU go from 11 million to 15, whatever 
number it is. Is that the right way to think about it as to from then the content 
investments will kind of start tapering down? Or is that too simplistic? 
Punit Goenka: 
That's very simple, right? Why would I want to put a ceiling for my growth on 
viewership or any of this thing. So generally, the way to look at it is because linear is 
a stable business. We generally remain between 40% and 45% of our revenue as the 
cost of programming. That has been the benchmark that we follow that's what you 
should continue to look at. Of course, today, it will be higher because of current 
macroeconomic situation. 
But as and when that improves, this will again come into the same level of 40% to 
45%, and you will agree that as long as we are growing, we should be investing in 
content so that we can continue to grow our viewership and therefore, the revenue 
on the business. It's still early days. So we are seeing how that metric is. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
But currently, on linear side, you're investing, right, to catch up on some of the 
markets where we are lagging behind? 
Punit Goenka: 
That's correct. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Yes. So once you reach kind of the market share that you expect in those segments, 
then it will come down to the steady state, 40% to 45% of revenues. That's what 
you're saying. 
Punit Goenka: 
That's what I'm saying, yes. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
And I'll reach out for any estimate, if possible, on the merger costs? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, sure. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pulkit Chawla from Emkay Global. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
So first, on the market share. This quarter, again, there has been a slight decline in 
the market share and market share gains recovery seems to be slightly on the lower 
side. This is despite the fact that you've seen improvement in both Hindi and Tamil. 
So is there some reason that I'm missing or some other factor as well? 
Punit Goenka: 
The 20 bps is too small a number to even consider because it's not happened in any 
one given channel. There have been a combination of little, little ratings going away 
from multiple channels, which is a function that happens every quarter. You gain in 
some, you lose in some. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
And second, on the merger, any estimated time line for the merger to be completed 
now given that it's already been delayed by quite some time? 
Punit Goenka: 
We are working on it as fast as we can, and difficult to give a time line because the 
NCLT is not really in our control. Other than that, all other things are pretty much in 
our control, and are pretty much something that is doable as soon as the NCLT order 
is received. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
It's on the NCLT procedure. So we see with regards to the IPRS and with regards to 
the set of lenders, the cases are ongoing in NCLT. So could you just shed some light 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
on where we go forward from here with regards to the closure or resolution of these 
cases because that might determine the merger time line perhaps? 
Punit Goenka: 
So as of now, the next hearing of the NCLT is tomorrow. So we will have to see what 
happens there. From the perspective that these are sub judice matters. It will be 
difficult for me to give some time lines to go forward. But you will have more colour 
on this tomorrow, what happens in the court. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Just a quick follow-up. We'll get a better sense on both the IPRS as well as the set of 
lenders tomorrow itself? 
Punit Goenka: 
Well, when the court gave the date, they said it's a final hearing. So I'm keeping my 
fingers crossed. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Sameer Deshpande from Fairdeal 
Investments. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Good evening, everyone. My question was actually regarding this merger and it has 
just been got answered. That is the final case hearing is tomorrow. So hope the 
Valentine's day proves to be a good day for the great merger, we are all awaiting 
Sony-Zee merger? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Sameer. Keep your fingers crossed please. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
Yes, we are waiting for that. So if it is completed shortly. And if it is the hearing is over 
tomorrow and everything goes in our favour because as I have read from the 
newspaper reports, it mentions that our lawyers have already mentioned that 
whatever liabilities arise due to these type of cases will be borne by the merged 
company. So I think there is nothing beyond that, which these lenders are interested, 
is it correct? 
Punit Goenka: 
You're correct, Sameer, but there are some parties that have no claim and have also 
intervened. So it's not just people who have legitimate claims. There are certain 
illegitimate claims also that people have put just to clarify that. 
Sameer Deshpande: 
But if it is a final hearing, I hope things will get squashed, whichever is not really 
legitimate. 
Punit Goenka: 
Correct. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Satish Jain from MoneyFest Capital. 
Satish Jain: 
Some of my questions have been answered, but one question probably that still 
remains to be answered is on the movie business, can you give some colour how 
much have we invested? And what are the revenues and profitability if that's possible 
to give and what are the next few movies that are in the pipeline? And is the strategy 
for movies still intact? Or have we curtailed that in line of the reduced cash flows or 
whatever? 
Punit Goenka: 
So actually, we have a very decent slate for '23, which was already signed up. So there 
is difficulty to curtail that if at all. Of course, the movie business has been profitable 
for us. Unfortunately, I cannot share the details as we don't report the segment-wise 
yet, but it is a profitable business for us let me tell you that the strategy will remain 
because it is a very strategic feeder into our core business of linear as well as digital. 
Satish Jain: 
Okay. And which are the next few big movies that are in the pipeline, if you can share 
that? Is it possible or? 
Punit Goenka: 
Of course, there is a movie called Maidaan, which is with Mr. Ajay Devgan. There is a 
movie with Mr. Ajith in South. These are the 2 large ones that I can recall of the top 
of my head, but there will be certain more. 
Satish Jain: 
What about Gadar 2, is it a part of your production? Or is it only a distribution? 
Punit Goenka: 
Gadar 2 is very much part of our production. And we are looking forward to the 
Independence Day for its release to make another dhamaka. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a last question from the line of Vivekanand S. from Ambit Private Limited. 
Vivekanand S.: 
I thank you so much for the follow-up opportunity. So could you help us understand 
the pricing levels of ZEE5 versus how we can catch up with competition, is there even 
a desire to do that or will we keep pricing low? That's one. 
Secondly, how much of this year-on-year revenue growth was driven by pricing? I 
mean, just a broad sense would be very helpful here. And lastly, just a request, I mean, 
there are still some analysts who have been covering Zee from the time when it was 
owning TEN Sports, it will be great if you can share sports losses going ahead also 
because that helps us look at the business better. 

ZEEL TELECONFERENCE February 13, 2022
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Punit Goenka: 
Sure. The sports side, we will continue to do that. As I said, in the merged 
environment, we will share those segment numbers with you. In terms of ZEE5 
pricing, I think we are quite aggressive with our pricing in the market if you look at it. 
I mean, today, the ZEE5 mobile-only pack is available for INR 499 and the multi-user 
pack is available for INR 699. The growth that you have seen I'm only looking at my 
team, the growth came from price increase largely for us in the current year because 
we went from an INR 499 pack to a INR 699. And we believe we are quite aggressive 
on pricing. You will continue to see price hikes from our side even in the coming year, 
especially with the 2 companies merging. 
Vivekanand S.: 
Great. And all the best for the NCLT court hearing. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks, Yashasvi. And thanks, everyone, for joining us. I realize some of you would 
have had very little time to look at it. But hopefully, the last one hour of discussion 
has been helpful for you to get a perspective of our performance. If there are any 
follow-up questions or clarifications, please feel free to reach out, and talk to you 
again next quarter. Have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
