 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/23/172/SE 
                                                       16th February 2023
 
BSE Limited 
Dalal Street,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500300 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: GRASIM 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Q3 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call 
held on 14th February 2023 and is available at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-
earnings-call-trancript-q3fy23.pdf 
    
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Company Secretary 
FCS - 4164  
 
Encl: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Market & Surveillance Dept., P.O. 
Box 165, L-2011   Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
Europe 
 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt 
Services 
388 Greenwich Street,  
6th Floor, New York,  
NY  10013 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 11th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098 
 
 
Sailesh 
Kumar Daga
Digitally signed by 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Date: 2023.02.16 
19:41:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Grasim Industries Q3 & 9M FY-23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. H.K. AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. PAVAN KUMAR JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. JAYANT DHOBLEY – BUSINESS HEAD & CEO 
(CHEMICALS, FASHION YARN & INSULATORS), 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. JAYANT DUA – CEO (CHLOR-ALKALI BUSINESS), 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAKSHIT HARGAVE – CEO (PAINTS BUSINESS), 
GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording        
uploaded on the website on 14th February 2023 will prevail.  
 
 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good morning and welcome to the Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
Grasim Industries. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit 
Panchmatia – Head (Investor Relations). Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ankit Panchmatia: 
Thank you Rutuja. Good afternoon to all the participants joining Grasim Industries Q3 and nine-
month FY23 Earnings Call.  
First and foremost, safe harbor. This conference call may contain certain forward-looking 
statements about the Company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
Company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and related risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
From the management side we will be hearing from Mr. H.K. Agarwal – Managing Director and 
Mr. Pavan Jain – Chief Financial Officer. Also joining the call, we have a leadership team from 
key businesses, Mr. Jayant Dhobley – Business Head and CEO Chemicals, Fashion Yarn and 
Insulators, Mr. Jayant Dua – CEO of Chlor-Alkali Business and Mr. Rakshit Hargave – CEO of 
Paints. 
So, without taking much time I hand over the call to Mr. Pavan Jain for his Opening Remarks, 
overall Financial Performance and brief Overview of Business Performance, post which we will 
open up for the Q&A. Over to you sir.  
Pavan Jain: 
Thank you Ankit and good afternoon, everyone. We welcome you all to our Quarter 3 Earnings 
Call. I hope you had the chance to go through our Investors Presentation and Press Release 
uploaded on stock exchanges and Company website. The Investor Presentation gives a 
comprehensive insight on the Company's quarterly results.  
To start with I would like to state that the Financial Year ‘22-23 is a momentous year for us as 
the Company completed 75 years of its glorious existence. Despite multiple headwinds in the 
domestic as well as international markets and demand slowdown, this quarter would be the third 
consecutive quarter where our consolidated revenue on trailing 12 months is trending above 
milestone of Rs. 1 lakh crore which could be a prelude to where we would be ending our financial 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
year ‘23. The key to this resilient performance is our well diversified business model which 
provides much required stability across various business cycles.  
Over 75 years of its existence Grasim has been able to build global scale businesses through 
continuous innovation, investments in capacity building and new high growth opportunities. We 
have demonstrated revenue and PAT growth of 15% CAGR on consolidated level since FY20. 
At the standalone level the Company has achieved an even better growth rate of 18% revenue at 
revenue and 34% CAGR for PAT since FY20. We are very excited to start a new phase of growth 
journey through our investments in two new high growth businesses that is Paints and B2B e-
commerce and innovation led growth in our existing core businesses. Each of these businesses 
are leading players in their respective segments, which aligns to our strategy to be a market 
leader in every business we invest or operate in. We constantly work on providing the market 
with new products through innovation aimed at providing better customer experience and 
adopting sustainable manufacturing processes. We continue to rethink, revisit and reengineer 
our manufacturing processes for operational excellence to remain most competitive in respective 
businesses.  
Aligning with the industry We are now classifying our erstwhile chemical advanced material 
business which is epoxy polymers and curing agents’ business as specialty chemicals. In the era 
where CFOs are rethinking on capital allocation strategies in order to remain agile as well as 
focus on long term value, Grasim has well defined metrics and strong internal ROI benchmarks 
to assess evaluate critical and non-critical investments. That our core and established businesses 
continue to generate free cash flow across business cycles is a testament to the sales. We have 
committed to creating large-scale new businesses, leveraging our financial strength and 
consistent cash flow generation. As you are well aware, Grasim is investing in two new high 
growth businesses. For that we have announced a Rs. 10,000 crore allocation to decorative pants 
business which would establish us as a strong #2 player in terms of capacity once all the 
capacities are operational by FY25 end.  
Happy to share that plant's construction of paints is progressing well across our six sites which 
would establish our reach on pan India level. The brand identity, design advertising and launch 
portfolio are progressing as per schedule. The CAPEX spend is also progressing on expected 
lines with total investments of more than 1,800 crores till date. Commercial launch is on schedule 
in Q4 FY24 as per plan. For B2B e-commerce plan, we are happy to share while the full-scale 
rollout is expected from H1 FY24 in a phased manner across different geographies, the pilot 
operations have begun in the current quarter.  
On the sustainability front Grasim's strategy has been appreciated by one of the globally 
recognized ESG expert that is MSCI with a rating upgrade by 1 notch to BBB. The Company is 
committed on its long-term sustainability strategy and have taken various initiatives in this 
regard across businesses as detailed in our presentation.  

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Coming to operational and financial highlights for the quarter: 
The consolidated revenue for the quarter is up by 17% YOY at Rs. 28,638 crores led by robust 
revenue growth of both key subsidiaries UltraTech Cement and Aditya Birla capital. 
Consolidated EBITDA at Rs. 3,834 crores is down by 7% mainly due to inflationary cost 
pressures at UltraTech as well as at standalone businesses. Standalone revenues grew by 7% 
YOY for Q3 FY23 at Rs. 6,196 crores and EBITDA stood at Rs. 580 crores and PAT Rs. 257 
crores.  
This quarter witnessed ripple effects of global demand slowdown. As you all know globally, we 
are viewing recessionary market conditions because of the prolonged geopolitical issues, 
COVID induced lockdowns by China added to the challenging situation across the world. While 
India centric demand was stable, the overall demand was affected by decline in exports led 
demand across value chain partners. Putting some context to this, Indian textile exports 
registered its 6th consecutive de-growth over July to December 2022 timeframe. On nine months 
basis for FY23 the industry export in rupee terms has registered a degrowth of 10% YOY. With 
lifting of COVID led lockdowns in China and further improvements in the demand sentiments 
there are signs of recovery as we speak. However, the volatility and inflationary pressures 
continue to impact the margins. During the quarter China continued to operate its plants at 
utilization rates which were below breakeven levels impact the realization trends across 
geographies including India.  
Viscose industry faced challenges globally and India was no exception. Our viscose business 
reported revenue of Rs. 3,182 crores and EBITDA at Rs. 63 crores recorded a de-growth of 84% 
YOY basis. The decline in EBITDA is majorly because of the lower demand due to subdued 
market conditions in the developed economies, inflationary pressures resulting in the cost 
increase of key imports such as pulp, caustic soda and energy. A further 19% decline in global 
cotton prices on QoQ basis impacted VSF prices adversely. Grey VSF December 22 exit prices 
at $1.53 per kg were down by 15% compared to September exit prices of $1.81. Average prices 
of fiber for the quarter stood at $1.59 per kg. However, as the current rates are unsustainable for 
majority of the players there are signs of bottoming out of the prices. Our VSF sales volume 
drop by 3% on YoY basis due to demand slowdown and low-price exports by Indonesia to India 
at zero import duty in India. The viscose filament yarn is sported a stable performance though 
volumes were lower by 11% YoY, improvement in realization more than offset the increase in 
the cost. 
The chemical business continued its earnings momentum by reporting revenue growth of 10% 
YoY at Rs. 2,582 crore and EBITDA stood at Rs. 488 crore in Q3 FY23. The global supply 
chain disruptions are now easing up leading to decline in international caustic prices on YoY 
basis at $720 per MT CFR Sea in Q3 FY22 and $694 per MT in Q3 FY23. 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
However, caustic prices increased on QoQ basis by 5%. ECU for Q3 FY23 stood at Rs. 46,689 
per MT up 10% YoY, but 6% decline on QoQ basis due to higher negative chlorine realizations. 
Overall, chlorine integration including pipeline sales to our ancillaries stood at 60% for the 
quarter compared to 56% in the corresponding quarter last year. 
The textiles business which constitutes niche sustainable category products primarily in the 
premium segment continues to report stable performance. The business reported its highest ever 
9 months revenue of Rs. 1,773 crore, textile business revenue for the current quarter was Rs. 561 
crore which is higher by 19% on YoY basis and the EBITDA was stable at Rs. 49 crores for the 
quarter. 
Coming to balance sheet: 
As of 31st December 2022, net debt for the standalone balance sheet was Rs. 485 crore excluding 
our investments in the high growth new businesses the existing businesses continue to deliver 
free cash flow. 
With this, I would like to now hand over the call back to the operator for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sir my first question was regarding this VSF and in the press release as well as in the presentation 
you have mentioned cheap imports coming in from Indonesia, so is this a recent phenomenon I 
mean if you could just help us understand this because if I am not wrong the anti-dumping duty 
was removed way back in August 21 sometime and please help me understand if this is correct 
or is there any agreement or anything recent? I am just trying to understand because never in the 
past have you mentioned this factor to be so critical and impacting our realizations? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, imports from Indonesia started picking up from Q1 of this year and they have now gone to 
the tune of almost 250 tons per day in Q3. So, the main reason for this pickup of imports from 
Indonesia is like the traditional export markets phase demand slowdown and they found India 
market relatively better so that was one reason and India offers them zero duty because of FTA 
with India. So, they become more competitive in India so it became double attractive. So, yes 
this is a situation it was removed in August 21 and after that they were careful not to start import 
immediately because then post ADD there will be reviews so they did not want to be caught on 
the wrong foot and at that time the sea freight situation was also working to our advantage 
because the freight rates were almost 20 cents per kg, but now with the normalization of 
international supply chain and shipping industry the freight rates have come down to 5 cents, 6 
cents per kg so that is also adding the exports from anywhere to India. So, these are some of the 
factors, but now with the situation DGTR. Commerce Ministry has recommended ADD on 
Indonesian VSF imports to Finance Ministry the matter is pending with the Finance Ministry 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
and Finance Ministry has one month to make the final decision. So, we are actively awaiting the 
decision from the Finance Ministry on this thing.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
Exactly that is what my next question was going to be because I did read about like 
representation being made, but what are the chances here you think of this anti-dumping duty 
coming back? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, we have a strong case and that is why DGTR found it appropriate to recommend the 
restoration of anti-dumping on Indonesian imports. There was an ADD on imports from China 
also in the previous five years ADD period, but this time China has been ADD on Chinese 
imports have not been recommended. So, there is a merit and we believe that merit should be 
also considered by Finance Ministry, but then we never know how the final decision is made 
because there are many considerations and the value chain also makes representations to Finance 
Ministry so very difficult to have any 100% feeling, but we are working trying our best.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
I am just going to ask one related question here when the imports when come from Indonesia 
for a base category let us say the grey standard VSF category how much is the rate difference I 
am just trying to understand if that becomes because of the ADD is not levied then does this 
become more like a train which can stick around for a while what is the difference? 
H.K Agarwal: 
The difference is like they will always try to price imports lower than our domestic price at any 
time. So, they know our domestic price and accordingly they offer their prices because they have 
to make it attractive. So, that is a normal thinking and more or less it follows the international 
prices, but they have been trying to get market share in India so they are giving aggressive prices, 
they have been giving aggressive prices. So, we have to contain with that and adjust our pricing 
accordingly. We cannot also lose market share beyond a point to any imports.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
The exporter there would be the lenzing entity because Aditya Birla group entity is also there, 
so just trying to understand is it the Aditya Birla group entity which is also exporting or is it 
largely lenzing? 
Pavan Jain: 
No, it is neither lenzing nor Aditya Birla Group entity. In Indonesia there are four VSF players 
and one of them is Sateri Group which has large VSF capacity in China as well as in Indonesia. 
So, mostly the imports from Indonesia are coming from Asia Pacific region which is part of 
Sateri Group the Chinese VSF player.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhimanyu Kasliwal from Choice India 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Sir I really wanted to speak specifically which relates to the paints investments that we are in I 
mean less than 20% roughly 1,800 crore, 1,900 crores and they are planning to do up to 10,000 
crores by the end of FY25 if I have understood things correctly. Now my point sir is that now 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
we are hoping to be the second largest number to paint player, so what kind of revenues and 
margins are we looking at by 26, 27, 28 I mean I am sure internally the Company must be having 
some outlook plan which will help us also forecast, any rough idea, any rough numbers if you 
could provide that would be very helpful? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, I would want to repeat the reply that I gave last time that while we have our internal plans 
which suggest there would be in that frame of time, but we would not want to be sharing internal 
numbers of forecasting, anything in advance to the market, but obviously internally we have it 
worked out and there are projections.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
But since we are hoping like if you want to be number two at least you can give a rough idea. 
Number two player we are looking by FY28, FY29 because we know what the number one looks 
and we know what the number three looks, so we will be able to kind of figure out, but by what. 
I am hoping to and what kind of margins are we hoping to attain by that time, and they are 
number two? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
Like we have said that we would want to be a profitable Company in the near term and then the 
margins will take their own place as per market, but really for me to comment on actual margins 
and projections as you would understand in terms of revenues would not be the ask for the 
moment.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
One more question last question in the B2B ecommerce business regarding that if you can 
provide some kind of numbers again hoping to see what happens in 24, 25, 26 atmospherically 
I have looked up on it as this being like the IndiaMART for B2B. IndiaMART is B2B, but we 
will be better because we have got a very large network etcetera, so if you could give some 
guidance on the B2B business? 
Pavan Jain: 
See we have given the broad estimates for the total building material market in the country which 
is roughly $100 billion annually. So, that is the total market size of the building materials in the 
country and the digital penetration is about less than 2% currently. So, with the markets 
opportunity is big and let us say if over the period of next two, three years the market the digital 
penetration grows to let us say 10% than the digital on ecommerce business will be about $10 
billion. So, that is the market opportunity. Now how fast we are able to penetrate and since this 
is a new business for us of course we have the required ecosystem available, but then it will 
depend upon how it plans out. So, if you look at the three-year opportunity this is about $10 
billion you can estimate what could be our share kind of thing.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
But sir would you like to from your end would you like to tell us something to incrementally 
understand the outlook or the opportunities better for the paints or for the ecommerce business, 
anything additional if you could tell us that will be very helpful? 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Rakshit Hargave: 
I think this is not the right time to come out with our numbers, etc., as we reach the launching 
time and we are actually in the market with our products and with our platform, etc., everything 
that will be the time possibly we can share some guidance for the numbers. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
But sir are you getting the kind of feedback from the market in terms of what we are working 
towards, any kind of positive sentiments and so on and so forth? 
Pavan Jain: 
No, of course we are in the market, we do take the feedback from the channel partners in both 
these kinds of businesses that the required preparatory work is being done for both of these 
businesses. We do take feedback from the market places as to what is required to make these 
businesses successful in the medium to long term.  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
We just leave it at that the outlook is positive and we are working towards it, am I correct in my 
reading sir? 
Rakshit Hargave 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Ginodia from Annual Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav Ginodia: 
I have two questions to ask so one of the fiber sir and one on the chemical, so first on the fiber 
like this quarter we have seen a volume of roughly around 1,53,000 tons and if we see the 
specialty volumes there were around 30,000, so if you can just walk us through like what could 
be the utilization levels going for because last quarter you have already guided that this quarter 
would be a subdued volumes, but when can we see again the pickup in the VSF volumes one, 
second sir on the specialty fiber side when can we reach those 45,000 tons of volumes which we 
used to do earlier and it is safe to assume that whatever the EBITDA profits we have reported 
this quarter is predominantly from the VFY and probably VSF would have made the losses and 
if that is the case probably has the premium between our specialty VSF and the grey VSF have 
also shrink in this quarter because of which even on the same amount of specialty volumes 
sequentially we would have reported the losses on the VSF side? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, first question is when will the capacity utilization or volumes pick up. So, as we reported the 
Q3 our capacity utilization was 71-72% and because the market to turn for worse in Q2 and we 
produce more than we could sell so there was inventory buildup in Q2, but in Q3 we had 
inventory reduction to some extent and now we are seeing some signs of demand revival. We 
do not know how sustainable it will be, but we are definitely seeing pick up in our sales volume. 
Two, three things have happened one DGTR has made the recommendation to Finance Ministry 
for ADD although it is not a final decision, but the market people apprehend that it might happen. 
So, they also want to avoid imports then textile ministry has come up with the Indian Standards 
or VSF on imports for the entire VSF in India, but quality control order will be effective from 
end of March. So, that has also kind of put some dampener on the imports, but then these are 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
temporary measures, but the textile industry seems to believe that the prices have bottomed out 
so that is why the buying had started again. So, Q4 we believe that capacity utilization should 
be in the mid-80s or high 80s. Now, on specialty volume got impacted because most of the 
specialty goes for export finally from even Indian value chain whether it is spinners or fabrics 
and since the market in Europe and UK and USA was impacted badly because of brands were 
saddled with high inventory so that segment got impacted much severely. So, that will take some 
time specialty volume pick up will be little bit slower than the pickup in grey volume and on the 
margins during this quarter our margin on specialty volume was better than past partly because 
the grey prices went down too much. So, pickup in the volume the grey prices should also pick 
up in due course than the margins will come back to normal. Actually, this quarter the specialty 
margin over grey was much better than normal. 
Nirav Ginodia: 
But this is safe to assume that then the VSF business would have reported losses this quarter? 
H.K Agarwal: 
Yes, we have made it in our communication also that VSF business reported negative EBITDA 
and mostly this profit is because of VFY business. VFY business was much more stable because 
there was no such aggressive exports from any country, mostly VFY comes from China and it 
is much stable and prices are maintained. So, yes your assessment is right, but Q4 hopefully 
should be better than Q3 of VSF also.  
Nirav Ginodia: 
Sir just wanted to understand on the caustic soda business so what was the mix of power in Q3 
like how much we got through our captive generation how much was through grid and what was 
the renewable share in Q3 FY23 out of your total power? 
Jayant Dua: 
So, let us say out of our total power if you look at it and if you look at the guidance which has 
been given in the press note also. By the end of FY26 we will be at 27% of our total mix, what 
was the requirement and I am not talking about the quarter because you should look at the holistic 
picture rather than just looking at a quarter number. If you look at it from if you go back a year 
we were hardly 1% to 2% mix on a lower base which will go to 27% by FY25 and a much larger 
base of 1.5-million-ton caustic. So, what we are doing is that carbon footprint rather than going 
up with our capacities actually coming down. At this point of time, I think we have already 
commissioned our Karnataka unit which is running at about 75% to 80% on green power, our 
Gujarat units will go up to about 30% on green energy followed by a couple of projects which 
are already being done. So, overall taking us to I do not recall the exact number of units which 
will be, but it will be close to 100 megawatts of renewable power by FY25 we will be actually 
being using over there. Total requirement will be about 400 little plus so 100 odd megawatt will 
be of renewable. 
Nirav Ginodia: 
Sir and a related question on the chlorine derivative side I think we have mentioned some of the 
capacities also over there, so like out of current capacity of 8,91,000 tons what were the 
utilization levels in FY22 and in 9 months of FY23 if you can share? 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Jayant Dua: 
The capacity utilization actually varies and when you talk about chlorine derivatives and I think 
it is a good idea that you ask this question. You see cut across multiple segment so there is an 
industrial segment, there is a water segment, there is a disinfection segment, there is a pharma 
segment, there is an agro segment. Now each of these segments have a different growth rate 
particularly with respect to their market. Now with the China COVID situation and the 
slowdown in Europe couple of segments has actually taken a larger hit as compared to the other. 
So, if I talk of a broad number as per overall capacity utilization will be approximately 75%, 
76% on all the total put together, but when you look at some of the different segmental related 
like if you look at the pharma segment the products which cater to the capacity utilization will 
be well into 85. We look out for dyestuff segment will be much lower. So, overall, about 74%, 
75%. It is kind of flattish that we have not lost anything compared to last year, but yes I think 
the old textile chain segment which is gone down in a negative growth rate has not let us grow 
beyond a point of time. We kind of capital employed.  
Nirav Ginodia: 
And sir this 2,73,000 tons of incremental capacities we are putting up that predominantly 
includes ECH, MCA and CTC so rest of the products does not qualify under this 2,73,000 tons 
of volumes? 
Jayant Dua: 
The products which have come under 2,71,000 are the ECH, you are also correct at MCAA, you 
are also talking about CTC which is at Gujarat and you are also talking about the new facility of 
Chloromethane and CTC at one of our units in South India.  
Nirav Ginodia: 
So, this MCA would be predominantly that food grade MCA we will be produced? 
Jayant Dua: 
It is largely pharma grade.  
Nirav Ginodia: 
And all those technology tie-ups and everything is done? 
Jayant Dua: 
See a large part of pharma base is already a customer with multiple product, but we have to go 
through a product qualification route every time because they have their own regulations and 
once the plant starts producing we will start going there, but we do not see any challenge either 
in terms of a quality or in the process of getting the approval, necessary timeline will obviously 
take this because that is the process which you have to go through.  
Nirav Ginodia: 
So, epichlorohydrin when it would be commissioned because you have mentioned the timeline 
of Q4 FY26 so for all of this three products if you can share just the timeline in terms of the 
capacities coming up that would be helpful? 
Jayant Dua: 
Epichlorohydrin is a 50 KT plant which will come up by the end of FY24 or FY25. Again, why 
I am giving a band because there is a China and European factor which gets dependent on it 
because the supply chain while they have improved significantly. The factory working 
particularly in Europe and China is still not back to 100% in some of the engineering course. So, 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
that is what is going to happen on the epichlorohydrin. We expect that by the end of middle of 
the next financial year MCAA will be fully operation and we are looking at CTC coming up in 
FY25 because we have to take the regulatory approvals before we are going to start the 
construction practice.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prateek: 
So, you mentioned about this increase in imports from Indonesia so what would be the total 
import mix in VSF now in overall market? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, import mix in the overall market is about 15%. 
Prateek: 
So, that has remained largely similar numbers because we are not like letting go our volumes by 
reducing prices, the market seems to have largely remain…. 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, if we allow the imports to come restricted then there are lot of other complications from the 
business point of view. So, we have to take a calibrated decision on pricing, on how much to do 
and how many customers we can sacrifice for the time being. 
Prateek: 
And on products this quarter their production seems lower while the sales is higher like on 
absolute basis, so next quarter as we say that utilization will increase by around 10%, 15%, but 
sales can be lower as the inventory gets managed and still be like 10% down year-on-year.  
H.K Agarwal: 
So, we will increase production only if we are able to sell we are not going to produce just for 
building up the inventory.  
Prateek: 
So, a material increase over quarter-on-quarter in terms of volume so that also implies that we 
are looking off like taken a maybe a Rs. 15 cut in pricing last quarter. We could be like 
reintroducing better prices in like this quarter. 
H.K Agarwal: 
Pricing is a dynamic thing we normally follow monthly pricing, but it is in line with the 
international price and the various sectors like what is the landed cost, what is the offer for 
imports etcetera, exchange rate also plays a factor and there are some other business factor like 
what is the yarn price internationally yarn price in India etcetera. So, pricing is dynamic thing, 
but normally international price has been stable lately. So, we believe that prices should remain 
stable for the remaining part of the quarter.  
Prateek: 
And what would be the VSF segment revenue and EBITDA for the quarter? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, I cannot give you specific numbers for this thing, but I believe that it will be better than Q3 
because the volume will be better even if at the same price the revenue will be better and 
EBITDA should be better because there will be some operational leverage and then some raw 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
material cost also however trending downward inventory pipeline, but there will be some 
positive effect on the cost side also.  
Prateek: 
I meant VFY segment revenue and EBITDA for third quarter VFY revenue and EBITDA for 
third quarter? 
Pavan Jain: 
See I think we do not have VFY separately numbers you can connect with Ankit, but as we have 
said in the press release if you go through the VSF EBITDA for the quarter was negative and 
overall, for the segment we have positive EBITDA. So, VFY has given the good numbers off-
setting the loss of VSF also.  
Prateek: 
And sir on CAPEX we were like sort of targeting including CAPEX we are targeting I think 
around 5,000, 6,000 crore kind of CAPEX for this year and we have in presentation we have 
mentioned around only 1,400 or so which have incurred now for X of paint, so what is the target 
for this year FY23 including paints? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, other than paint sales we have given the numbers for 9 months which are about Rs. 1,400. 
We expect maybe around 1,000 in Q4 which includes some large lined up CAPEX outflows, for 
example, land at Vilayat, etc., other than paints I mean the expectation is that some part of the 
CAPEX outflow budgeted for the current year may spill over to the next year.  
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, for paints our executions are as per plan. It is just that we realize that some of the materials 
that we had probably budgeted were coming in the bit too soon. So, we have just time the order 
accordingly so that we get them at the right time otherwise there is no change.  
Prateek: 
So, what is the CAPEX number for FY23 for paints? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, it is very difficult to give exact, but we can estimate maybe about Rs. 500 crore in Q4 for 
paints.  
Prateek: 
So, total cumulative CAPEX for the Company in standalone business is 2,500 plus 1,500 or so, 
2,000 crores that is the number? 
Pavan Jain: 
So, the total should be about 2,500 crore, paint 2,000 crore and maybe 2,200 crore so in the other 
businesses.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Agarwal from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Mudit Agarwal: 
I just want to know the effective tax rate for this quarter because we have opted for the new tax 
regime in the current quarter, so what was the effective tax rate for the Q3 quarter? 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Pavan Jain: 
See the tax rate is to be calculated not for the quarter, but for the full year. So, the provision has 
been made based on the effective tax rate likely for the full year. So, for this quarter if you look 
at the numbers in the results we have in fact reversed provisions made in the previous quarter 
and there is a reversal of tax provision in this quarter. 
Mudit Agarwal: 
So, can you quantify how much is the reversal because of in the new regime? 
Pavan Jain: 
See the new regime tax rate is 25.17%. So, broadly the effective tax rate for the full year is likely 
to be around that level.  
Mudit Agarwal: 
Sir second question can you throw some light on the key input cost in VFY business mainly pulp 
how it is trending now and if any correction we have seen by when the same will be reflected in 
our cost, I want to understand the time lag of these benefits? 
H.K Agarwal: 
The pulp is a long delivery item because we have to import pulp from South Africa, Canada and 
Sweden. So, takes about 60 days shipment and then we have continuous shipment. Now because 
of this capacity utilization was lower we had pulp already in the pipeline which we could not 
stop. So, there is some inventory buildup and of lately since October the pulp prices have shown 
some decline in trend. So, we have for the time being a situation of pulp inventory with relatively 
higher cost, but this will get processed by end of this quarterly hopefully and prices have shown 
some decline, but of last two, three weeks they have been stable around $900 per ton and our 
purchasing long term formula also used to be price based on previous quarter. So, when the pulp 
prices were rising we would have an advantage because that rise will take effect up to 3 months, 
but in the declining trend it works against us. So, we have change this formula from the previous 
quarter to the previous month. So, from January our price is what based on invoicing, is based 
on what was the price in the previous month that is December for example. So, now the new 
supplies are coming at previous month so that will be more current. So, I hope this answers your 
question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajit Motwani from PinPoint Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Just wanted to know in terms of operating rates for Chinese players have they not started 
improving in the sense that we just had end of Chinese New Year and the markets have opened 
up there, so have you seen this cost operating rates for China improving of late? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, Chinese industry operating rate had gone down as low as 56%, 57%. Now they are operating 
at about 65%. So, yes there is an improvement partly after Chinese New Year and after the 
COVID restrictions have been removed. So, there seems to be better off take in China for VSF 
and that is supported by this increase in the operating rate.  
Ajit Motwani: 
Have the prices started moving up? 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
H.K Agarwal: 
They are marginally moved up, but now they are just stable not moving very rapidly or not 
moving very substantially, very-very marginal. So, they are stable around 13,000 RMB.  
Ajit Motwani: 
So, if I look at the way you are saying the prices are stable like in your presentation highlight 
that our or let us say the rates are still 4% lower than the quarterly average and the benefit of 
RM is yet to come in, so the benefit that we are seeing in margins will largely be driven by 
higher volumes which is operating revenue mix for the next couple of quarters? 
H.K Agarwal: 
Yes, but our margins will mostly be driven by the selling price and the input cost not so much 
by the volume.  
Ajit Motwani: 
Secondly and I was looking at our CAPEX numbers X paints about 1,800 odd crores yet to be 
spent say about 2,000 crore there in and on the paints business you mentioned about 1,800 crores 
from the 10,000 crore number so that is also like 8,200 so total the two businesses put together 
is about 10,000 crores, so for FY24 is it fair to assume that given the fact that we are looking at 
starting our plants by FY25 on the paint side half of this 10,000 crore will be the targeted CAPEX 
number for FY24? 
Rakshit Hargave: 
So, yes for FY24 the CAPEX spent would be more substantial inching towards the total of 
10,000, but not towards that, but you could expect the number in the range of 4,000 to 4,500. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Our standalone EBITDA is subdued today at 500 crores we were lot better couple of quarters 
ahead, so given the kind of trajectory you are looking at of cash flows from the standalone 
business, what sort of peak debt we should look at for the standalone business, the slides 
mentions today is about 500 net debt is what we have we are at in December, so how should the 
debt move over next say 6 to 8 quarters? 
Pavan Jain: 
See it will all depend upon our existing businesses performance over the next 6 to 8 quarters, 
but the large CAPEX plans we would do the borrowing for especially for the paint business. So, 
as we have shared earlier also our target is to keep net debt to EBITDA level below 3.5 kind of 
numbers, but we have committed the CAPEX and how the existing businesses perform over next 
6 to 8 quarters that will be resulting the actual net debt to EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
I had just one question with respect to quarter and VSF prices like since I think from Quarter 4 
of FY21 we had seen run up in cotton prices which eventually after more than year it came down, 
but during the same time we had also seen flattish VSF prices, but now cotton prices reacted 
negatively there was a direct correlation with respect to falling of VSF prices, so if you can 
explain the reasons behind the same there were different reasons with respect to cotton moving 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
up and also now different reasons for VSF prices to come down rather than cotton prices getting 
corrected, so just wanted to know more about this correlation for the past two years? 
H.K Agarwal: 
So, the cotton and VSF prices are not correlated with a very high coefficient. So, when the cotton 
prices went to say $3.5, VSF price did not go in that direction so much. So, it was kind of flattish 
or it went up, but very marginally and even when the cotton prices crashed 40% since its peak 
VSF prices have not crashed to that extent. So, yes the direction most of the time is similar, but 
the extent of movement are much different.  
Ronald Siyoni: 
So, we can safely assume that there is not much correlation to be seen in the future also we 
should expect from both these prices? 
H.K Agarwal: 
I am saying this thing based on say 10 years data analysis. So, the correlation is not very high. 
There is correlation, but it is not very high.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sir my question in VSF of course globally there is always been a cycle. I am sure they have seen 
it all, but in the Indian context we have always had this monopoly advantage we could still like 
price it better or bargain better with all this thing, but with this Indonesian imports now coming 
in I think the monopoly situation has got challenge, so then is it fair to say that until unless the 
government acts in terms of some sort of an anti-dumping duty which is what the presentation 
already is until that happens is it fair to say that now like the margins may not be as superior as 
in the past, but more like range bound and lot dependent on the global demand-supply, will that 
be a fair assessment of this historically monopoly business? 
H.K. Agarwal: 
I want to challenge your some statement that we have been monopoly. See what is the meaning 
of monopoly we have to understand it better. So, just being one producer does not mean that it 
is monopoly because imports were always open even when there is an ADD, it does not mean 
that people cannot import. So, people can always import and especially for export thing the ADD 
or even basic custom duty is not applicable and there is so much overcapacity in countries like 
Indonesia or China. China is sitting on 35% capacity overhang; Indonesia is sitting on almost 
100% overhang over their respective domestic demand and domestic capacity and they were 
always free to export and Indians spinners were free to import and they were importing also and 
even when ADD was there, our prices were never unfair because then there is always a thing 
that the full value chain has to survive and prosper. So, in the last 10 years from say 2012 to 
2021 when this 10 years there was ADD in India VSF imports the domestic value chain spinners, 
the weavers they grew almost 3x. So, if the prices were monopoly stake are unreasonable the 
value chain would not have grown. We rather invested in the development of value chain and 
grew the pie. So, I would you to correct your understanding about the VSF and Grasim being 
only producer in India, we have more responsibility because we are the only producer in India 

 
Grasim Industries Limited 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
for this important raw material. So, please calibrate your understanding about our thing and if 
you need some more information please let us connect one on one we will share with you and 
this is what we have shared with the Commerce Ministry, with the Textile Ministry because even 
for this application of ADD there was so much hue and cry from some vested interest importers 
or the Grasim is monopolistic and we prove to the satisfaction of Commerce Ministry, Textile 
Ministry in front of the textile value chain or those people who were talking like this and they 
agreed and admitted that yes Grasim has been most responsible player in textile industry in India.  
Navin Sahadeo: 
Just two small question other income sequentially or compared to like past quarters slightly on 
the higher side at 103 crore despite like decrease in the treasury per se, so is there any one-off in 
the other income per se or that also is probably the wrong way to look at it? 
Pavan Jain: 
No there is not any one-off kind of thing it is largely because of the higher yields on the treasury 
income and of course the treasury size is also little higher compared to Q3 last year. There is no 
one off item any special one-off item.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was the last question. Thank you 
senior management. On behalf of Grasim that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
