 
 
 
 
E-Communication 
 
 
MSL/SEC/SE/2022-23                                                                     1st February, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                          
 
Stock Code: 500265                    Scrip Code: MAHSEAMLES 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Meeting dated 24th January, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of the conference call held on 
24th January, 2023. 
 
Link to access above transcript is as under: 
 
https://www.jindal.com/msl/pdf/Transcript-of-Conference-Call-Q3-FY23-Earnings-Call.pdf 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Companywww.jindal.com.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ram Ji Nigam 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
RAM JI 
NIGAM
Digitally signed 
by RAM JI 
NIGAM 
Date: 
2023.02.01 
17:50:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited Q3 FY23  
Earnings Conference Call 
 
24 January 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SAKET JINDAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, MAHARASHTRA SEAMLESS 
LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHAL BENGANI – SENIOR MANAGER, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
MAHARASHTRA SEAMLESS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH SINGH – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Maharashtra Seamless Q3 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh from PhillipCapital (India) 
Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Vikash Singh. 
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to welcome you on 
Maharashtra Seamless Q3 FY23 Earnings Call. From the management side, 
today, we have with us Mr. Saket Jindal - Managing Director, Mr. Kaushal 
Bengani - Senior Manager, Investor Relations.  
 
I just like to announce that unfortunately, due to some urgent work, Mr. D. P. 
Jindal has to travel at the last moment, and he cannot join the call right now. We 
are still hoping that in the second half of the call, he will be able to join us. But 
Mr. Saket and Kaushal are there to help you out with your query.  
 
Without taking any much time, I would like to hand over the dais to Maharashtra 
Seamless management for the opening remark. Over to you, sir. 
Saket Jindal: 
Hi. Welcome everybody, and we are here to answer the investor queries and give 
the outlook of the company. And Kaushal will start with it. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, shareholders. Thank you for taking time out and 
joining us in our discussion of quarterly results for the December quarter. We 
have had another good quarter where margins have been very good and enabled 
us to maintain absolute EBITDA despite taking a maintenance shutdown in one 
of our Seamless pipe mills. This shutdown was targeted for the first quarter of 
FY24, but in view of our large order book, it was taken in the third quarter of 
FY23.  

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We have undertaken maintenance activities and repaired and overhauled the 
furnace, motors and gears, which has enabled us to improve our production. We 
expect production volume in this mill to improve by 10%, and this increase will 
be immediately apparent in the fourth quarter of FY23. Generally, such 
maintenance activities are conducted once every 2 to 2.5 years, and therefore, we 
expect uninterrupted production from this mill going forward. 
 
In the third quarter of FY23, we have also undertaken prepayment of long-term 
debt of 315 crores, thereby bringing down our interest costs substantially. We 
have also completed a bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1, thereby doubling the equity 
capital of the company. We are set to meet our EBITDA guidance given at the 
start of the year as margins have remained firm throughout the year, and our 
order book remains strong. We also have good visibility of orders for next 
quarter as well. 
 
I would like to quickly take you through our presentation before opening the 
stage up for queries. At the consolidated level of Maharashtra Seamless, margins 
remain consistent, and we have generated a similar level of EBITDA despite 
having lower production. It is clearly evident that our operations and sales are at 
a very strong level, and we expect a similar pattern to continue going forward.  
 
In United Seamless, we are pleased to announce that we have maintained 
absolute EBITDA and, in fact, improved our margins despite having slightly 
lower dispatches in the third quarter of FY23. Our profit margin has also 
improved and so has the earnings per share in United Seamless. We have 
provided a comparison of the profit and loss statements of Maharashtra Seamless 
and United Seamless in the next slide.  
 
On the front regarding amalgamation of United Seamless with Maharashtra 
Seamless, the first motion has been approved by NCLT Mumbai, and the second 
motion has been admitted with them. Next hearing is scheduled in February 
2023, and we are hopeful that the amalgamation will go through within this 
financial year. 
 
On Slide #10, we have detailed operational and financial performance indicators. 
And again, we talk about the steady margins, which have remained despite taking 
a production dip on account of maintenance in one of our mills. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Slide #11 talks about the EBITDA mix. As you can see, more than 80% of the 
EBITDA is generated through the Seamless segment, and we would want the 
participants to take note that the Seamless segment of Maharashtra Seamless and 
United Seamless are the growth drivers of the entire organization. 
 
ICDs continue to reduce gradually as was committed. Currently, they stand at 95 
crores, and we expect ICDs to be fully realized by next year March.  
 
Our cash balances have improved. We have reached a level of 640 crores as total 
liquid investments of Maharashtra Seamless, and our net debt is minus 469 crores 
after prepayment of debt of 315 crores. This is indicative of the cash generated 
from our strong order book and good margins. Corporate guarantee and SBLCs 
continue to reduce as was committed, and we expect them to be fully discharged 
by September of 2024.  
 
We have given some more input on our capital allocation plan. The total capital 
expenditure that we are targeting is 852 crores, and this will be entirely funded 
from internal accruals. Of the projects detailed in this slide, two have been given 
priority. The heat treatment and finishing line at United Seamless so that we are 
immediately able to double production at United Seamless and Cold Drawn 
pipes, which we want to expand in Maharashtra Seamless.  
 
We are also targeting setting up an OCTG line and Billet preheating surface in 
next financial year as demand for Seamless products is expected to remain 
consistent. We reiterate that there will not be any requirement of any debt, and all 
capital expenditure and working capital requirements will be met from internal 
accruals.  
 
Order book has improved from last quarter, and we expect similar levels of order 
book to continue going forward. In Maharashtra Seamless, you have an order 
book in the Seamless segment of 1660 crores, and in United Seamless, you have 
an order book of 122 crores. The sustained order book will translate in 
improvement of capacity utilization by 5% in FY23.  
 
We have also received orders for value addition products, especially drill pipes in 
Maharashtra Seamless. We have received three new tenders, and we have 
completed supplies against the previous tender. We are talking about dispatch 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
targets of 365,000 tons in Maharashtra Seamless. Maybe we will fall short by a 
few thousand tons, but we expect to come very close to the given target both in 
Maharashtra Seamless and United Seamless. 
 
The next three slides talk about the development undertaken by the company 
towards its customers and the marketing initiatives that have been undertaken. 
We have also dispatched subsea sour service seamless pipes in the previous 
quarter and are continuing our dispatches in the current quarter, and we expect 
more orders to come in this new value addition product that we have developed. 
Similarly, in United Seamless, we are rapidly expanding our customer base, and 
we expect to capture a greater share of the market.  
 
In terms of general visibility of orders, we expect orders to remain strong, 
because rig count have not declined. They remain consistent, and strategic 
petroleum reserve in the US continues to be at an all-time low. Therefore, crude 
is expected to remain strong and so will our order book. The impact of the 
Russia-Ukraine war remains in the Seamless pipes industry as it does in quite a 
few other industries, and despite the longevity of this situation, it does not appear 
that there will be any abatement, and we can expect good orders to come from 
our export market going forward.  
 
Promoters continue to increase their holding in the company, thereby reiterating 
confidence for all shareholders. We have had some marquee investors in our 
company, and they continue to remain invested. I would now like to open the 
floor for questions and hand over back to Vikash.  
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, Kaushal. Operator, please announce the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Pratiksha with Aequitas Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratiksha: 
Good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was 
on the order book front. So, what would be the execution period for this order 
book? And what gives us the confidence of, you know, like, basically, just 
wanted to understand that, you know, Q4 target, volume target seem to be pretty 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
high. So, what gives us the confidence that we will be able to do that kind of 
margins in Q4? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In the fourth quarter, we expect good level of production, because we have 
undertaken refurbishment activities and maintenance activities in three of our 
mills in the past three quarters. In the first quarter, we have undertaken 
maintenance activities in our seven inch mill at Nagothane. In the third quarter, 
we have undertaken maintenance activities at our 14 inch mill at Nagothane.  
 
In the second quarter, we had undertaken maintenance activities in our ERW 
mill. So, production is expected to increase, and we are confident of achieving 
our stated target, because mill efficiency has increased. This is because we have 
overhauled the motor, gears, and furnace in our largest mill and also in our 7-
inch mill. And therefore, we are quite confident of achieving our stated targets. 
Regarding the order book, this order book of Maharashtra Seamless is expected 
to be executed over a period of four months and that of United Seamless in a 
month and a half. 
Pratiksha: 
Okay. And on the ERW front, just wanted to understand the mix in terms of 
application as in, you know, the sector, and how should we look at the margins 
going ahead, since we have had a very volatile margin profile in that segment? 
Saket Jindal: 
Right. So, in the ERW, let me explain the ERW. In the past quarter, there was 
less margin, and the last quarter it came back, because previously, there was 
certain quality control issues where there was testing happening for IOCL 
projects. So, there we took some time to complete the testing process. And in the 
last quarter, we made a double shift, and also there was a regularization means it 
came back to normal, the operations, and the shift also increased. So, production 
was better in the last quarter, and also the margins were intact, because we are 
supplying to the oil and gas sector where API PSL 2, that is the product which is 
being used. 
Pratiksha: 
So, the current quarter margins are a good trajectory going ahead, right? They are 
more or less the same I think. 
Saket Jindal: 
Yes, that's right.  

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor Co. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for the opportunity. As been articulated by you in the opening remark, 
Kaushalji and Jindal Sahab, that we have taken a refurbishment. There would be 
a better yield that we are expecting. So, if you could give us some understanding 
what kind of key benefits in terms of tonnage or EBITDA we can expect over a 
period of time with the overhauling done? 
Saket Jindal: 
So, if I understand clearly, the refurbishment is basically to regularize and to also 
avoid any breakdowns. So, it wasn't any upgradation in technology as such. It 
was just a regular maintenance where we have to overhaul certain equipments to 
avoid any as a preventive maintenance. So, it will be regularized, and the yield 
and everything will be maintained. So, there is no additional increase in yield. It 
is the same, and we continue and post the same kind of output as earlier.  
Saket Kapoor: 
In the presentation and in the order book breakup also, we find a very strong 
client concentration that is from the PSU basket of ONGC and Oil India. So, 
going ahead, they are taking the nature of the business and we having a dominant 
market share in Seamless side, what other steps of mitigating the client 
concentration rate can we look forward? Or how are we going to tap the export 
market in terms of in your commentary, it was mentioned that because of the 
Ukraine crisis, many European companies have stopped participating in the 
similar segment? So, if you could give us some more color of what steps in the 
annual or the nature of the business is such that we will be having a larger price 
from dependence would be from ONGC and Oil India?  
Saket Jindal: 
Right. So, let me address the second part, which is the export target. So, Canada 
has opened up for us recently, because the normal value or the floor prices have 
been revised, which is making it more conducive and workable to export. So, 
Canada OCTG, the oil and gas sector has opened up again, and line pipe we were 
doing earlier also. So, the market in Canada and USA combined is significant 
volume where there is no shortfall as such. So, additional requirements for orders 
besides domestic can be exported to USA and Canada.  
 
So, we did not focus on other markets besides these two, because this is 
sufficient enough. But we still have our eyes open for orders in Middle East, 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
North Africa and South America, but this is may not be essential, because USA 
and Canada is sufficient. But at the same time, we have to keep our trust on the 
marketing initiative where a quality is well established, and looking at even 
domestic market, the quality complaints are bare minimum, which is very 
encouraging. And the USA customers also are very happy with the quality.  
 
So, minor complaints are there, but at the same time, we are well-established, 
reputable vendor. And also, the China, Chinese pipes are restricted in these 
markets by WTO. So, the restriction on Chinese pipes, we are more open for 
these markets, because we are in India, there is a level playing field because it is 
avoiding the dumping of goods by China. So, we are confident with the domestic 
market and export. We will have a healthy order book, and there is no risk as 
such that way.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, about our investment in this rig segment, although as in 
your commentary mentioned that the rig counts are at the pre-COVID levels, and 
the demand for more oil exploration activities is on an uptake globally, but since 
the nature of the investment, the returns are not commensurate with our main 
business. So, those gets diluted with the ROI. So, taking that aspect into account, 
since we are contracted for a three-year period with ONGC, does this divide us 
for contemplating any selling of our rigs? It is a workable proposition or we will 
be, the ownership has to be there with the person with whom the same has been 
contracted. In the case there is a significant demand or there is an option wherein 
you can sell the rig even if it is contracted, just understanding that that is the 
option or we can only think of it once the contract get over. 
Saket Jindal: 
No, let me clarify. The rig oil prices are high currently, and the day rates in the 
drilling sector is going up. Recently a group company contracted, made a 
contract with ONGC at almost double the price of the previous contract. So, 
instead of say $40,000, it's come to $75,000. So, that is encouraging that day 
rates have gone up, and in our rig, which is in MSL, has also been operated by 
group company, and once this contract gets over, we will surely renew the 
contract at a much higher price. So, this is something positive we expect. And at 
the same time in the future, if it's lucrative, and if it's beneficial to the company, 
we can hive off the rig to any other company and encash the capex. So, means 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
that is depends on the situation, but currently, it is operational, and it should 
remain operational in the near future, and the rates are expected to go up. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, sir, my point was since we are contracted for a period of three years, so 
whatever the additional benefit that is there in the current rate prices won't be 
percolating to our number. It's only an indicative that these are the -- 
Saket Jindal: 
These are contract with the fixed price. So, during this contract, there will be no 
change in the financials.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, and since we have just contracted, I think just a few months, in the 
month of May only, so three years down the line, nobody can predict what the 
charter rates are going to be. It may be a higher of 70,000 or lower of below 
40,000 also. So, my point was only a small understanding that in this interim 
period wherein we have contracted, can that management contemplate change in 
ownership in depending upon if there is emergency buyers or any other 
understanding where we can hive off or whether it's in the because of the 
contextual terms, we have to continue for three years? That was my question.  
Saket Jindal: 
No, the contract is there's obligation to fulfill the contract for three years. So, we 
will have to fulfill the contractual liability. And secondly, talking of hive off, 
there is no surety as of now. It all depends on the scenario.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And very last point in the presentation, it was mentioned about value-added 
segments of a good opportunity to address in drill pipe, Subsea Sour pipe and 
premium connection markets. So, if you could throw some more light what are 
the advancement we are taking and going ahead, how about these three segments 
going to contribute to the profitability of the company? Drill pipes, Subsea Sour 
pipes, and the premium connection market.  
Saket Jindal: 
Right. Drill pipe orders we already have in hand currently, and in Oil India also, 
and we are executing. And it is as per schedule in, I mean, next month onwards, 
it will be delivering. So, this is a high value-added product where we benefit 
more than the regular pipes because of more value addition and more margins. 
So, this is number one. Number two is the premium connections. So, there we are 
talking of a license agreement with JFE premium connections, and they have 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
audited the mill. And they are very happy with the facilities, and they are doing 
the final stage for signing the agreement and commencing operations.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ramanan Venkateswaran 
with MK Ventures. Please go ahead.  
Ramanan V: 
Good evening. This quarter, we have the order book, you know, which almost 
covers more than four months of our production at MSL, and given that, you 
know, we have the order book with the pricing and also inventory that we would 
have in terms of raw material, how do we see the margins going forward into the 
current quarter and possibly the next quarter as well? Is it better than the previous 
quarter? Or is it, you know, similar to that? How do you characterize that? 
Saket Jindal: 
I think, more or less the margins are consistent, and the steel price has corrected 
slightly towards the lower side. So, that might give us some additional margin, 
and if we do value-added products, like we just mentioned, premium connections 
and drill pipe, so that will add to our overall margins, operating margins, and also 
exports will help. I think in export, if we are targeting more exports, then, 
actually, overall contribution will be higher, because there we can get higher 
realizations.  
Ramanan V: 
When I actually look at the order book over the last few quarters, is the share of 
exports in the order book has actually kind of dipped? Is it intentional or, you 
know, and it's back to the higher levels, how is it like? 
Saket Jindal: 
No, I think in the recent past, the Canadian Market was a little under 
investigation for duties. Now it has been crystallized. So, the Canada market is 
once again open to us. So, it will come back. In fact, we want to export more than 
what we did in the past. So, I am sure we shall be able to achieve record exports 
in the near future.  
Ramanan V: 
And one last question on the, we talked about the IOCL.  
Kaushal Bengani: 
Mr. Ramanan, we cannot hear you.  
Moderator: 
The line of the current participant is disconnected. We seem to have lost the 
current participant. The next question is from the line of Hemant Soni, individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Hemant Soni: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers and thank you for providing me the 
opportunity. Sir, I have basically two questions. The first question is like you 
mentioned in the opening remarks, that there was a plant maintenance shutdown. 
So, for how many days the plant was shut down? And what is the loss of 
revenue? And sir, second question is, you had earlier guided in I think Q1 of the 
conference call that the company is targeting 890 crores of EBITDA in FY23. 
So, sir, will it be possible for you to throw some light on the EBITDA numbers 
for FY24 as well? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Mr. Soni, we had taken a preventive maintenance shut down in our 14 inch mill 
in December for a period of four weeks, and plant resumed operations towards 
end of December. And we are getting a higher level of production in that plant as 
per our standards. Secondly, regarding EBITDA, we had given a guidance of 895 
crores, and out of that we have completed 75% of that in the first three quarters. 
So, right now, actually, we have done more than that. We have done around 85% 
of guidance. So, I think, we will probably end up closer to 1,000 crores than 900 
crores, which will be evident in due course. In the next financial year, if we take 
an absolutely conservative number and factor in the increased level of production 
in the Seamless segment, then we should have an EBITDA guidance in excess of 
800 crores, although it is difficult for us to specify a number in absence of orders, 
which extend through the entirety of next year. We will come up with more 
accurate guidance in our next investor call after conclusion of quarter.  
Hemant Soni: 
That is fine, sir. Any tentative number would be fine, like 800 crores you have 
guided for Seamless division. What about the ERW segment? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, more than 800 crores for the entire organization. This includes Maharashtra 
Seamless, ERW, wind and solar, rig, and United Seamless.  
Hemant Soni: 
So, sir, basically, there will be a drop of 20% in EBITDA. Can we assume that? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
You cannot assume that because I do not have enough data to present you with a 
number. This is just a ballpark number on an extremely conservative basis.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor and 
Co.  

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to reiterate what Kaushalji just mentioned, sir, I think you would be in a 
much better position I think to post your first quarter numbers maybe for the next 
financial year when proper EBITDA guidance could be given to us. I think, so 
when you first give the guidance for annual guidance, it was in the first quarter of 
this financial year. So, whether 800 number or a 1,000 number or any number 
between that or a conservative guidance, I think, so, if I am not wrong, you 
would be in a better position. The team would be in a better position to guide us 
on the path during the first quarter. Is that understanding correct? Or we should 
keep this conservative number of 800? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Your understanding is correct. And thank you for clarifying that.  
Saket Kapoor: 
So, we will wait for the first quarter to get, but what the underlying fundamentals 
are, they are getting to a strong story ahead. That is very well given in the sheets 
presented to us. So, I think that understanding also should be taken in that way. 
Sir, it is mentioned that we are also taking steps for this monetization of 
investment in the Singapore subsidiary. So, if you could give us some 
understanding what is that current net and NAV or net asset value? Or what are 
we trying to explain by this steps for monetization of investments, sir? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The value of the investment in the Singapore subsidiary has increased because 
crude oil is at a higher level, and value of rig has increased. So, the opportunities 
available to us for monetization have increased. However, we will not be able to 
go ahead with monetization immediately, because there is some debt on the rig in 
which the Singapore subsidiary has invested. And once that debt is reduced, then 
we can probably go ahead with monetization, although there is no such definitive 
plan at the moment. So, when I say the value has gone up, if you look at our 
financials, we have to restate the value of the equity investment at the end of 
every financial year. There has been a gain of around $2.1 million on the 
evaluation of the investment.  
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the total value currently for the investment, sir? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Total value of equity in terms of INR is 16 crores at Maharashtra Seamless 
standalone level. At consolidated level, it could be closer to 300 crores.  
Saket Kapoor: 
No, sir. Come again. 16 crore and 300 crore is different type…. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Kaushal Bengani: 
So, at consolidated level, the investment would be at 300 crores.  
Saket Kapoor: 
The Singapore's investment only or you are clubbing everything? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, total Singapore including subsidiary, Maharashtra Seamless Singapore.  
Saket Kapoor: 
That value is about 300 crore?  
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes.  
Saket Kapoor: 
At the consolidated level? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Earlier, sir, I think Jindal Sahab has also commented on the bonus issue being 
value accretive step taken for the investing community. However, it has its own 
pros and cons. So, going ahead since I think, so we did hire the 
PricewaterhouseCoopers agency for this merger with USTPL with MSL. So, 
going ahead, we would see the management to take more steps and involved or 
engaged with the agency to create value for all the stakeholders, and it is very 
much evident with the type of kind of cash generation the company is doing and 
the valuation given by the market.  
 
So, I would recommend or rather suggest on my part would be that proper 
agencies who look after for these value creation for the company must be hired at 
from the company level so that the process can be speed. So, in order to get that 
attraction, that is what it is my understanding. I mean, that process, I think, going 
ahead, we should also look for, I think, maybe in-house or creating a hire team 
also. That would be another value-addition so that the decimation of information 
and the right valuation could be achieved. So, these were my suggestions if it 
merit any, if they derive any merit, they should be deliberated on. Thank you 
once again, and all the best to the team going ahead. 
Saket Jindal: 
On the point of value creation for shareholders, we have completed the bonus 
issue in December, and in the next Board meeting, we will come out with a 
dividend policy. We have done a lot of work in the past year-and-a-half in 
making the company simpler and more easily accessible to all stakeholders. We 
have put in a lot of effort to make it more investor friendly. And the only point 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
which was remaining in our perception is the dividend policy, which we will 
come out with in the next Board meeting. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And it would be very unfair on my part not to applaud Mr. Kaushal 
Bengani also. He has also played a very important role in communicating and 
creating awareness among the investing community. So, all the best to you, 
Kaushalji also. Thank you, Jindal sir, for all the reply.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Vikash Singh from 
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir, I have just couple of questions. Firstly, regarding our capex. So, how much 
we have spent in FY23 nine months, the pending capex for FY23? And what are 
our targets for FY24 spend? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In FY23, Vikash, we have not spent any significant amount towards capex which 
is given in the presentation. We are targeting two projects which we will execute 
on priority, and we have floated necessary inquiries for the same. Actual 
expenditure will start in next financial year.  
Vikash Singh: 
So, only for that two new projects as the maintenance capex probably would go 
through in the next financial year. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. 
Vikash Singh: 
Understood. And secondly, I just wanted to understand our bid book size 
basically, the next six months, what is the visibility in terms of orders in India as 
well as in abroad? So, if you could give us some insights into that? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Order book remains strong. And going forward, we have good visibility of 
orders. In the export market also, especially Canada, we can start, we have 
started exporting OCTG products, and we want to expand further both in US and 
Canada. There is good demand in US and Canada on account of rig counts 
remaining stable. There is consistent demand on that front. And with the US 
government buying crude from the market, we expect this demand level to 
continue. 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
In the domestic segment, I put out a point in my presentation that ONGC has a 
demand of 1 lakh tons every year, additional demand of 1 lakh tons every year 
which is regular. And even in our current order book, out of the total Seamless 
orders of Maharashtra Seamless of 1660 crores, 541 crores is from ONGC and 
Oil India. These orders will be executed over the next 4, 4.5 months, and we 
expect orders to get replenished and the strong position to continue both in 
United Seamless and Maharashtra Seamless. 
Vikash Singh: 
Understood. And sir, just once again, on your steady state EBITDA per ton 
guidance because that 800 crore, which is the lower end seems to be quite 
conservative considering we can have a 10 to 20% earnings growth next year.  
Kaushal Bengani: 
Right. So, you are right, and I don't have any data with me. It is the bare 
minimum number, which will come at very low EBITDA per ton. However, our 
steady state guidance for the current quarter would be around 18,000 for 
Maharashtra Seamless and around 23 to 24,000 in United Seamless. This is for 
the fourth quarter. 
Vikash Singh: 
Yes. And lastly, what was the mix of the export orders this quarter? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In the third quarter in Maharashtra Seamless, exports was 18% of total sales. 
Vikash Singh: 
So, despite that we have done almost 30,000 EBITDA per ton in United 
Seamless.  
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes.  
Vikash Singh: 
Understood. That's all for my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hemant Soni, individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Hemant Soni: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir, do we expect Q4 numbers to surpass 
Q3? And what kind of capacity utilization are we looking for in Q4? Because I 
think in Q3, we have 60% capacity utilization, right?  
Kaushal Bengani: 
In Q4, we expect the numbers to surpass that of Q3. In Q3, capacity utilization 
was at a lower level on account of preventive maintenance being undertaken in 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
one of our mills. We have clarified that in the notes to accounts in the financial 
statement and also in Slide #10 of the presentation. Therefore, capacity utilized, 
since the mill will now be working with improved efficiency as per our 
standards, we expect much better capacity utilization in the current quarter and 
increased levels of production in the quarter. 
Hemant Soni: 
Any number you can specify, sir, on the capacity utilization part for Q4? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, they will be better. I don't want to specify the number. There will be better 
capacity utilization. I can say for sure. And I have given the targets in Slide #18 
of the presentation, and we are quite confident of achieving our targets. If we do 
not achieve our targets, then we will come very close to our target. Right now, 
we are despite taking preventive maintenance shutdowns in two seamless pipe 
mills in the past three quarters, we have achieved 69% in Maharashtra Seamless 
and 68% in Maharashtra Seamless ERW segment in three quarters.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh for closing comments. 
Vikash Singh: 
 on behalf of PhillipCapital, I would like to thank Maharashtra Seamless 
management to give us the opportunity to host the call, and I would like to hand 
over the dais to Maharashtra Seamless management for any closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Saket Jindal: 
Thank you all the investors for the queries, and I hope we deliberated and 
answered the necessary queries. We are confident that we will meet the 
expectations of the investors in the coming year and also in the future. We are 
constantly vigilant on the financial numbers and also the operations. We take 
proactive decisions in our operations day-to-day for improvements and for also in 
the marketing side for lucrative orders and to maximize margins, returns, control 
our raw material cost. And also we are doing ERP for operational efficiency, the 
new version of ERP. And we are also as we mentioned adding value-added 
products, and also we are doing ventures in license agreements for value-added 
products. So, we are upbeat means the domestic market ONGC and others, oil 
sector, there is a good demand coming for new wells as well as placement 
demands. So, there is no shortfall of orders. One lakh ton in oil sector domestic is 
in the pipeline. So, besides I just mentioned Canada has opened up. So, the 

 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
24 January 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
industry as such is upbeat, and oil prices are holding also. So, I would say the 
outlook is very positive, and investors should be looking at good returns. Thanks. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, Mr. Jindal. Thank you, Vikash, and thank you, investors, for taking 
time out.  
Vikash Singh: 
Thank you, everyone.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes the conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
