 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction,
E: sales@neogenchem.com
T: +91 22 2549 7300
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India.
W: www.neogenchem.com
F: +91 22 2549 7399
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919
 
 
 
 
 
February 20, 2023 
 
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
 
Sub.: Q3 9M FY23 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call Transcript of the 
Company’s Q3 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on February 13, 2023. 
 
The transcript is also being uploaded on the company’s website at https://neogenchem.com/financial-
performance/  . 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNNATI 
RAJESH 
KANANI
Digitally signed by UNNATI RAJESH KANANI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=86f36b1bd959075dfb63ea1bcff87
722c1c10b99d35abf37940c1dc23d4abf7a, 
postalCode=421301, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=c67ee67f4a438c9f52fe7b5580ad
d53410a31372d8e3169292d3522fa7cc4184, 
cn=UNNATI RAJESH KANANI 
Date: 2023.02.20 18:01:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Ltd. 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call Transcript 
February 13, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Neogen Chemicals Q3 FY'23 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR 
India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals Q3 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors. Today, we are joined by senior 
members of the management team, including Dr. Harin Kanani – Managing Director, 
Mr. Anurag Surana – Director and Mr. Ketan Vyas – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will commence the call with opening thoughts from the Management Team, post 
which we shall open the forum for ‘Question and Answer’ session during which the 
management will be addressing queries of the participants. 
Before we commence, I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Certain 
statements made or discussed on the conference call today may be forward-looking 
statements. The actual results may vary from these forward-looking statements. A 
detailed disclaimer in this regard is available in Neogen Chemicals Q3 FY'23 
Earnings Presentation, which has been shared. 
I would now like to invite Dr. Kanani to share his perspectives. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you Nishid. Good evening, everyone and welcome to our Q3 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call. We published our Q3 financial results and subsequently, the 
earnings presentation over the weekend. I hope you were able to go through them. 
I will be sharing the performance overview, key developments and strategic insights, 
while our CFO, Mr. Ketan Vyas will share the financial highlights for the period under 
review. 
Q3 of the current fiscal year was an eventful period for us. Not only did we 
demonstrate a robust financial performance, but also undertook several strategic 
initiatives to further strengthen our business model across both existing as well as 
Lithium-ion battery chemicals' space. I will share some of the key fine prints of this 
development in just a bit. 
First, on the financial performance side. We reported 40% gains in revenue in Q3 
FY'23 with solid profitability with EBITDA increasing by 27% and profit after tax 
growing by 40%. As a result of our relentless efforts of having higher planned 
throughput with increased focus on value-added portfolio based on incremental 
capacity is available. This was achieved despite impact of continued high inflation in 
some of the key input costs, especially prices of lithium, which stood elevated during 

 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
the period under review. Having said that, we were able to pass on these cost 
pressures to our customers, thereby protecting the absolute EBITDA. 
In Q3 FY'23, we registered 30% gains in organic chemicals revenue, while growth in 
inorganic chemicals stood at 85%, which was steered by a mix of realization 
improvement and volume expansion. The demand trajectory continues to be 
favorable and we are capitalizing on the incremental opportunities emerging in the 
sector. 
Our scale up in advanced intermediates and custom synthesis manufacturing is 
progressing well, and as expected, we are taking up more complex assignments that 
require multiple steps, thereby leveraging our process expertise and manufacturing 
infrastructure to deliver customized solutions. The objective is to further elevate the 
performance trajectory of high margin value-added portfolio within the business mix 
by utilizing our competent R&D capabilities. 
During the nine-month period, we have added 8 new customers across various 
geographies and industries. With this we are now engaged with more than 39 
customers in this custom synthesis and manufacturing segment. Overall, we are 
working on 23 products with combined revenue potential of Rs. 2,100 crore with 
further pipeline and new enquiries flowing in. 
Now, let me take you through some of the major developments in this quarter. First, 
I will update you on some of the existing CAPEX initiatives. With regard to the 
expansion of specialty organic chemicals capacity by 60,000 litres or 60 m3, we are 
glad to have commissioned 15,000 litres or 15 m3, while remaining 45,000 litres will 
come up by September 2023. We have a total reactor capacity of 466,000 litres or 
466 m3 in organic chemicals. 
Our expansion of inorganic chemicals capacity from 1,200 MT to 2,400 MT in Dahej, 
which amounts to 30 m3 reactor capacity in the existing inorganic MPP is in 
progress, and we are on track to commission this by May or June 2023. 
Within battery chemicals, the new capacity of 400 MTPA or 92 m3 reactor volume 
for manufacturing of specialty lithium salts and additives for electrolytes, will be 
commissioned by June 2023. 
Lastly, as you may know, we have announced CAPEX for building a pilot plant to 
manufacture 250 MT of electrolyte at Vadodara facility. This will now come at Dahej 
SEZ facility and based on expected demand we are enhancing this capacity to 1,000 
MT, which will be ready by August/September 2023. All these initiatives will start 
contributing to our revenues in a phased manner from FY’24 and will peak out in 
FY’26. 
Moving on to the second key development, we are setting up a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that will accommodate battery chemicals 
business of the company. This was executed after numerous internal discussions 
and considerations. 
The key reasons of this are, battery chemicals business requires a high-volume 
setup with different CAPEX and OPEX as compared to legacy business. This 
business requires different kinds of skill sets and expertise across functions, and we 
would like to take advantage of the lower corporate tax rate of 15% for newer 
corporates. 
Now, the third development. In line with robust demand environment for battery 
chemicals in FY'25 and beyond, the board has approved expansion of the electrolyte 
capacity to 5,000 MT, which will be operational by June 2024, followed by specialty 
lithium salts capacity of 1,000 MT which is about 232 m3 of reactor volume, which 
will be operational by June 2024. 

 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
The board has also approved further greenfield expansion of electrolyte and 
specialty lithium salts at a new site for dedicated battery materials. This will include 
an additional 5,000 MT of electrolyte capacity, making the total installed capacity 
across sites, 10,000 MT and an additional 1,000 MT of specialty lithium salts, making 
total installed capacity about 2,000 MT, both of which will be operational by 
September 2025. It is expected to meet the incremental demand arising from 
FY'26/FY'27. These projects, when commissioned, will add to revenues from FY'25 
and will peak out by FY'26/FY'27. 
The overall CAPEX for all the new projects will be close to Rs. 450 crore and will be 
funded by a mix of debt and internal accruals. While the debt levels will increase with 
this expansion, the debt-equity will continue to remain below 1.25x as guided earlier. 
These CAPEX initiatives will significantly contribute to our earnings from next 
financial year. At a consolidated level, our goal is to attain more than 30% revenue 
compounded annual growth rate, translating into Rs. 2,000 crore to Rs. 2,250 crore 
of revenue by FY'26 or FY'27. This compares to Rs.487 crore top line achieved in 
FY'22. 
I am immensely pleased to outlay our growth plan and let me assure you that our 
teams will work tirelessly and judiciously to achieve that. Neogen is anticipated to 
experience a substantial increase in its financial performance and demonstrate its 
proficiency in manufacturing to clients worldwide. An optimistic outlook for demand 
and India's position as a desirable manufacturing centre, will increase the market 
size and attract additional customers throughout the supply chain. That ends my 
opening thoughts. 
I would now request our CFO, Mr. Ketan Vyas, to share the financial highlights for 
the period under review. Over to you, Ketan. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you Dr. Harin. Good evening, everyone and welcome to our Q3 and 9M FY'23 
Earnings Call. 
I will now take you through the key financial highlights. Please note, that these are 
on standalone basis and based on year-on-year comparison.  
In Q3 FY'23, revenues grew by 40% on a year-on-year basis to Rs.186.3 crore and 
in nine months FY'23, it grew by 46% year-on-year to Rs. 482.3 crore. The growth 
was boosted by the increased utilization at plants which was aided by firm demand 
in crucial end-user industries. The company had started to see positive results from 
the efforts around scaling up its high margin on advanced intermediates and custom 
synthesis manufacturing business as highlighted by Dr. Harin. 
Organic chemicals saw a growth of 30% year-on-year at Rs.136 crore in Q3 FY'23, 
whereas inorganic chemicals jumped 85% year-on-year at Rs. 50 crore. In nine 
months, FY'23, organic chemicals saw growth of 23% year-on-year to Rs. 326 crore 
and inorganic chemicals grew by 137% year-on-year at Rs.157 crore. 
The domestic and export mix for Q3 FY'23 stood at 47% and 53%, respectively. 
EBITDA increased by 27% year-on-year at Rs. 30.1 crore in Q3 FY'23 and 32% 
year-on-year at Rs. 79 crore in nine months FY'23. Despite the persistent inflation in 
some raw materials and utilities, robust EBITDA was attained through effective 
management of the product mix. The company faced a rise in certain costs, such as, 
employee expenses, which aligns with the management’s plan to enhance the 
workforce across various departments. 
PAT performance for Q3 FY'23 improved by 40% year-on-year at Rs.14.7 crore and 
in nine months FY'23, it enhanced by 23% year-on-year to Rs. 35.7 crore. The 
increase in profit after tax demonstrated our operational efficiency which was 
marginally impacted by high depreciation resulting from the additional new capacities 
and surge in finance costs caused by rising interest rates. 

 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Those were the key financial highlights. I will now request the moderator to open the 
forum for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Mihir Damania from Ambit Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Damania: 
My first question is: you alluded that we are looking to fund the entire Rs. 450 crore 
of CAPEX by debt and internal accruals. Do you want to give a break up of how we 
are going to fund the entire Rs. 450 crore? An indication would be really helpful. Just 
a follow-up on that. Are you also looking to raise additional capital to fund this Rs. 
450 crore of CAPEX? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you for your question.  
Based on our projections and numbers that we have looked at, for this Rs. 450 crore, 
the capital which we had raised in last financial year would be sufficient in terms of 
our equity. Approximately, the banks normally fund 70% to 75%. So, we would utilize 
maximum funds from the bank. So, somewhere between 70% to 75% of the Rs. 450 
crore will be funded through bank term loans. We are also requesting banks for a 
longer maturity and longer moratorium term loan considering that the business is 
growing significantly well, and so far, we have received a positive response. The 
balance will be funded through our own internal accruals. A part of the equity which 
we had raised last year, which we had kept aside in the form of investment and 
financial products will be brought in, and together we will be funding the equity 
portion of the Rs. 450 crore. 
Mihir Damania: 
What would be the anticipated payback for the CAPEX of Rs. 450 crore that we are 
doing or what would be the internal return on equities on the said project? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
When the CAPEX is fully utilized by FY'27, our ROE and ROCE will stand much 
above 20%, is what we are projecting. 
Mihir Damania: 
Would this CAPEX be ROE-accretive with the current business?  
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, because it would be more or less similar, because even existing at full 
utilizations, once the business is stabilized, it would be like a 20%-plus. So, currently 
in the electrolyte and lithium salt business, what we have seen is that if we are 
making the salts ourselves along with the electrolyte, it looks almost similar to our 
existing business, at least in our projections and that is what we have taken. We 
have taken similar asset turns and we are taking similar kind of operating margins 
as well. Again, as I have said in previous call, this is a new industry and is for the 
first-time being established in India. As it gets established, we will have a better 
picture. But, at least, currently, in our models and based on whatever we have looked 
at – pricing, investment and internal cost structures, we feel that we should be able 
to get at least similar asset turns as well as similar margins on investment. 
Mihir Damania: 
Do we have any firm orders or something of a guarantee of sort, which gives us the 
confidence of achieving the Rs. 2,250 crore of revenue? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
From this Rs. 2,000 crore to Rs. 2,250 crore, about Rs. 1,000-odd crore is coming 
from our regular business. When we look at our pipeline and the incremental 
demands of our customers, we are fairly confident that our existing business can 
easily earn up to Rs. 1,000-Rs. 1,200 crore, let us say by FY'26/FY'27.  
Now, when it comes to the battery business, what gives us the confidence in this is 
that we have worked with both, international customers for lithium salts, as well as 
Indian customers for their electrolyte requirement. Several of these customers have 
started evaluating Neogen samples and some of them have given very positive 
feedback that, the first samples submitted by us meet majority of their criteria. This 
is for both, our electrolyte as well as international salt customers with whom we have 
worked. So, I think together, this has given us the confidence to basically continue 
the journey that we had started.  

 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We already discussed the initial trial investment, which we had already planned - the 
250 MT of electrolyte, which we are now revising to 1,000 MT and the salt of 400 
MT. Looking at the timelines which are required for India from our customer side, we 
have decided to basically take the decision and based on the feedback received from 
customers and with their plans getting more and more clearer, we have decided to 
go ahead with our CAPEX plans. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
This project, as of now, what I understand is that we do not have a firm contract from 
a customer on electrolyte capacity. However, according to you, when can we get the 
correct number of customers for electrolytes and whether it will be one customer, or 
would there be two or three customers? What are you looking at? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you for your question. We are working with almost 15 potential customers for 
electrolytes within India and maybe a couple of customers outside as well. Several 
of these customers are starting by 2024; especially those who are part of the PLI 
Scheme need to start, and some others also will start by 2024. Therefore, we need 
to be ready by at least end of 2023 to take care of their initial requirements. So, that 
is why we have projected initially to increase the capacity from 250 to 1,000 MT, 
followed by an immediate increase of that 1,000 MT to 5,000 MT hopefully by June 
2024, which will take care of their FY'25 requirement and early FY'26 requirement. 
Some of the customers have already approved our samples in their phase-I trial. The 
next approval will be once the pilot facility starts. We need to start the pilot facilities 
from where we can submit the samples and then we can start more commercial 
supplies to them from FY'25. Similarly, as I explained on the salts side also, the 
customers have already approved our R&D samples, and once the pilot facility starts, 
by June or so, they will also start approving the samples. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
The firm contracts will be from post the pilot facility once the product gets approved? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes, after the pilot facility beyond June to December period. Before that, we may get 
some conditional contract. So, the contract will be approved or like we may have 
some conditional contracts, but they will be subject to final qualification of the final 
plant. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Also, if you can give some color in terms of how the margin profile will be; also, how 
the working capital cycle could be for this new business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The margin profile that we are expecting at an EBITDA level, is at least the same as 
what we have, that is, 18.5%, +/-1%. This is the bare minimum we are currently 
considering. We are considering this when we are making from, let us say, starting 
from lithium carbonate and making the salts ourselves and then we are making the 
electrolyte. If we are doing the whole thing, the minimum margin we should be getting 
is this much. If we are able to get a better margin, we will of course try for that. It will 
depend upon how much value we are able to add and how the competitor landscape 
looks like. So, this is on the margins.  
In terms of working capital cycle, we hope, because this will be fewer products and 
fewer customers and more long-term business, from a working capital cycle point of 
view, it should be significantly better as compared to our existing multi-product multi-
customer organic business. We believe the working capital cycle would be better 
and this is what we have presumed in our models. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Where do we stand in terms of working capital improvement on our existing 
business? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In absolute terms, our working capital utilization and our inventory remain more or 
less similar to what it was at a six-months level, but our revenues are increasing. So, 
if you are looking at it from a number of days point of view, the working capital cycle 
is improving. Let us say by next quarter, it will improve further. We stand by what 

 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
was our original view that by FY’24, we want to come down to networking capital 
cycle of around 120-125 days and then beyond FY'24 we will look at further 
improving this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
The first is a clarification. I could not hear the number that you said about the CSM 
business. Did you by any chance say that the potential of CSM business is Rs. 2,100 
crore or is it for the total potential that we are envisaging after the battery chemicals? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The number which I mentioned in the call as Rs. 2,100 crore refers to all the 
molecules which are currently under development. We are currently at 23-24 
molecules which are at various stages of development – something which is in R&D, 
something which is in pilot, something which is in our first trial run. So, the total value 
of that is around Rs. 2,100 crore. 
Archit Joshi: 
In due course of time upon considering the waiting period and once it gets approved, 
any direction that you are looking at with respect to achieving any milestones or 
when this will be realized? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
This is at R&D level and this is the total potential of these molecules. So, depending 
on how successful is the R&D and how much percentage of them succeed. This will 
finally determine how much is realized. This is basically the pipeline that we have. 
When we go from Rs. 480 crore last year, to, say, Rs. 1,100-Rs. 1,200 crore revenue 
potential, what we are saying is by FY'25/FY'26 ; so that is the healthy pipeline we 
have. Now, some of it may even replace some of the existing molecules if the 
demand or the margin profile were to change. So, this was just to give an idea of 
what is the pipeline. It does not mean that exactly all of that will get converted. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, currently at what run rate, what annual number will we be looking at only in the 
CSM business, I think, which is largely on the agri side? Is there a meaningful change 
that we are seeing with respect to all these molecules in the pipeline and the R&D 
stage. Are the application areas increasing or any color on that? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think in terms of application areas, I already gave a little bit of additional information 
in the last call – that we are also seeing interest from flavors and fragrance areas as 
well as another area like the specialty chemicals industry, which is non-agri, non-
pharma. So, for both of these we are seeing more interest coming in and that 
continues.  
In terms of CSM percentage, our target was that by FY'24, we wanted to achieve 
20% of our revenues coming from the CSM business. So far, currently in this year, 
we are at about 15% number. We are getting close to that and have received several 
further, initial first commercial orders which we are planning to execute, between 
now and June. Depending on that, we feel that this will add further. Plus, we are 
trying to work with the existing customers with their increasing demand. Hopefully by 
next year, as we had planned, we will reach at least Rs. 700-750 crore on a standard 
lithium price, with today's lithium price might become somewhere close to around 
Rs. 800-850 crore with at least 20% contribution coming from CSM. That was our 
target and we stand by that target. 
Archit Joshi: 
Just one more question on the battery chemicals CAPEX that we have announced. 
The greenfield expansion that you are planning which as per the presentation, will 
most likely be commissioned in FY'26, and the total revenue target that we are 
looking at is Rs. 1,000-1,200-odd crore, only from the battery chemicals division. 
Would it be fair to assume that after we have commissioned the 5,000 tons plant in 
electrolyte and another 1,000 tons for specialty lithium salts, that there will be some 
leeway in terms of ramping up that capacity going into say FY'27 or FY’28? Is there 
a number that we are looking at in FY’27/FY’28? Also, with the contribution coming 

 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
from capacity that we will commission in FY'26 or for now, are we just looking at Rs. 
2,000 crore in FY'26/FY'27? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What we have said so far is, first of all, in the battery materials, we have only 
assumed India electrolyte demand currently. Of course, we keep the international 
demand as a backup, but we have not taken any significant number from that into 
our projections. We have also said that the capacity which you just said, would peak 
by FY'27. So, we will be fully utilized by FY’27. This is based on the clarity that we 
have and this is the minimum we feel we need. As we go further, as we talk to more 
customers and as the customers’ requirements crystallize, and as we keep signing 
contracts, if there are opportunities beyond this in electrolytes, depending on what 
market share we are able to get, we may have to further increase our capacity.  
For sure, we will have to increase capacity beyond FY'27/FY'28, as we get into 
FY'30, when the overall demand is expected to be around 100,000-250,000 MTPA. 
So, with this capacity which you said, we will have capacity of only 10,000 MT. So, 
by 2030, we will definitely need more and depending on the market share even by 
FY'27/FY'28, we may need more. But this is the bare minimum that we need. And it 
is just keeping in mind this additional capacity which we may require beyond this, as 
well as our initiatives for salts in the international market may work. The cathode 
material requirements may also work.  
So, that is why, to consider this as an opportunity, we felt the subsidiary having its 
own space and maybe having a greenfield site would be beneficial.  That is why the 
board is currently considering if this can be done at a greenfield site, especially once 
we have taken care of the initial requirement of the next two years. Afterwards, in 
parallel, we can get the greenfield site ready and then that becomes the main site 
for our battery chemicals. 
Archit Joshi: 
But, how easy or difficult is it to ramp up these capacities, because I can see that in 
FY'25, we will have a 5,000 tons plant in place, which will be a brownfield expansion, 
and then we will have 5,000 tons from a greenfield expansion, and we are looking at 
Rs. 2,000-odd crore potential in FY'27 or FY'26 at earliest. So, is it that once it gets 
done. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, sorry, just to clarify that Rs. 2,000 crore number is both, battery and regular 
molecule together. So, for the regular demand, we have already made most of the 
investments, and the remaining ones will come in the middle of next year. 
Archit Joshi: 
So actually, not the Rs. 2,000 crore number but the Rs. 1,000-1,200 crore number 
that we have talked about only from the battery chemicals division. So, my question 
was how easy or difficult it is to ramp up these capacities? Because as I said earlier, 
in FY'25, we are looking at a brownfield expansion of 5,000 tons and then 
immediately a year after that, we will have 5,000 tons more. So, all in all, with these 
10,000 tons in place, we will be able to achieve this Rs.1,200 crore number. So that 
will happen in the same years instantly. Is this understanding, correct? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What will happen is the greenfield and the brownfield will run in parallel, because the 
greenfield will take a little longer time. Some of the things like site development, etc., 
will be happening in parallel. So, the 1,000 MT that we are doing is in the existing 
plant with very limited modifications. So, that will come first. Then in parallel, in our 
existing facility, we will do a brownfield for 5,000 tons. In parallel to that, we will also 
increase the salts capacity, from 400 MT to 1,000 MT. All these will come at our 
Dahej site, because this is where the majority of our lithium chemistry and the 
expertise currently are. In parallel, we will start working on the greenfield. That is why 
we have made all the announcements together, because some of this may run in 
parallel and not one after another. Yes, it will be a little bit of a challenge, but we feel 
that with what we have been doing in preparing for this, for the last one and a half 
years, we are now fairly well prepared to be able to achieve this timeline. 

 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
My first question was on the Rs. 1,000-Rs. 1,200 crore revenue potential that we see 
from our battery chemicals business. Of that, how much would be from salts that we 
will be selling to third-party customers? I believe that a majority of the salts capacity 
will be used in-house. So, my second question around this is that, why are we not 
investing more aggressively in salts for international opportunities, especially given 
the pace at which EV is growing globally at much faster rate than it is in India at this 
point in time? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
The way we have currently thought is that if we are using 10,000 MT, then, it will 
require somewhere around 1,200 MT to 1,500 MT of salts itself, and then remaining 
500-600 tons would be available to us. But, for now, we do not want to commit 
ourselves that so much will come from electrolytes and so much will come from salts. 
We are three years away and we are just starting. As the business will develop, we 
will keep evaluating, we will see how the mix develops and how much comes from 
salts and how much from electrolytes.  
As I have said in my previous call, in terms of strategic advantage, in terms of moats, 
when we think of India electrolyte demand, we feel we have the maximum number 
of moats or the strategic benefit or the value-add. Right now, when we are working 
with electrolytes, we have advantage of local market, thus being able to take care of 
logistics. We have some benefits over China.  
Now, if we are targeting a non - Chinese international market, we are in direct 
competition and it is a head-to-head comparison. I mean, China has a clear scale 
advantage over us, whereas the only thing which we have is that we can be China 
Plus One. Other than that, so far, we are at a catching up phase in the international 
market. That is the reason why our primary focus remains on domestic electrolyte 
demand. We keep exploring international salts and we have got positive feedback. 
However, at least at this point in time, it is our plan-B or a second source.  
As we go forward, once our trial production starts, we do commercial supplies, we 
understand our cost structure as compared to the Chinese how much of a difference 
there is and also the willingness of customers to be able to pay a premium over 
China for a China Plus One or a supply security kind of a strategy; that is when we 
will have a better idea of how much further investment, we would need for the salts 
demand for the international market. 
There are many moving parts here. The capacities which we have announced are 
the capacities, which we feel we barely need to take care of for India's demand and 
we need to get started on that to meet the customers’ timelines. That is the 
announcement we have made for now. As our pilot facilities start, trial production 
starts and as we keep getting more customer feedback, that is when we can keep 
revising our plan further. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
My next question is on the margin profile for the battery chemicals business. I 
remember in one of the past calls, you had mentioned that on the innovation curve, 
the organic specialty would be higher than the electrolyte and the salts business. So, 
what would explain the margin profile would be similar for this new business? The 
second question is within electrolyte and salt, is there a difference in the margins 
that one would make if you sell these salt directly to a third-party customer? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
When we are looking at our salt business, it is similar to making a simple lithium 
salts. It is just as when we made bromine derivatives and then we went on to make 
advanced intermediates and then maybe making advanced intermediates for 
innovator which is the CSM business. Ii is almost like that, in the sense that we have 
to first make basic lithium salt from lithium carbonate - of course, the purity 
requirements are much higher. Then we have to make lithium salt, which will be a 
little two-stage, three-stage kind of a reaction. It also has its own stringency in terms 

 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
of purity, it has its own stringency in terms of moisture control and other impurity 
control requirements, and also some of the handling challenges of these materials. 
And then you are also doing a value add and making electrolyte out of that, which 
adds another layer of complexity and customization for each individual customer.  
So, when we are doing all three together, we feel that it is similar to basically making 
bromine derivatives, making advanced intermediates and then doing CSM on an 
OEM basis. So, that is why we feel it has a similar margin profile. We have also 
looked at it from a cost point of view, the reactor volumes versus business point of 
view and it looks similar.  
That is why we are hoping that we will at least get similar margins. That is, the bare 
minimum that we are looking at. Depending on the criticality and customization 
required by the customer, if we are able to add further value and the competitive 
scenario, we may try to get a bit of margin there. But, at present, in our models, we 
are using similar margins as our current target, which is 18.5% +/-1%. In our models 
to be more comfortable, we are using 17.5% as a base. As the business develops, 
the right numbers will emerge. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
If the margins are similar, then should not the return on capital employed for this 
business be higher in scale, because like you mentioned, the working capital days 
are much tighter over here, and I believe in lithium, the asset turns also tend to be 
better. So, if everything goes as per plan, could not this be a ROCE business for us? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Two parts – the asset turns that we have seen are similar because this has the other 
complexity of moisture control and very high purification requirements, etc. So, 
ultimately the asset turns are something similar to that of organic production which 
we have seen based on whatever we can see now. But, yes, working capital cycle 
could be better, and on those terms, on a ROCE level, we could have a separate 
business. But, we can have an improvement over our existing organic business. For 
now, at least, let us consider similar margins and returns. They should be 20%-plus 
ROE and ROCE level. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
In our existing business, with our current run rate, we could probably do around Rs. 
600-650 crore within this year and the revenue potential by 2027 is around Rs. 1,050 
crore. So, that translates to anywhere between 13% to 15% kind of CAGR. Given 
the opportunity that we have in this business and the China Plus One tailwinds and 
scope for more value add, is 13% to 15% a conservative number or do you think that 
the opportunity is much larger and the growth could be higher than this as we make 
further investments along the line? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
I think this is just based on investments which we have done so far. As Dahej is 
stabilizing, we are seeing a lot of customer visits to our site. We have seen several 
pharma, agro, aroma and other industry customers also come in and show a keen 
interest in working with Neogen Chemicals for these new projects. Some of them are 
also discussing fairly large project volumes. Right now, our target is how we can 
have single molecules between Rs. 50-100 crore or Rs. 100 crore plus as a single 
molecule. We are seeing several projects come in which kind of meet this criteria. 
We remain hopeful there, but the number that we have shared is based on our 
current existing CAPEX, which we have already announced. Beyond that, as I said, 
we feel that we will max out by FY'25, and maybe FY'26/FY'27 if we might require 
further capacity; so, for that we may have to do further CAPEX in FY'25 or FY'26 
depending on how the business develops. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Noel Vaz: 
Just had one question relating to CAPEX. Rs. 450 crore is the total CAPEX. Exactly 
how do we see it being phased out over the next five or six years? Also, you had 
mentioned regarding the CAPEX itself that, in case the demand is much higher than 
expected, then accordingly we would have to make changes also. If that were to 

 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
happen, then how will that exactly happen and within the next two years would you 
see another revision to this growth? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
In the next financial year, we are increasing the 250 MT to 1,000 MT of electrolyte 
capacity, and then in parallel, we are also building a facility which can increase this 
up to 5,000 MT which will come by June 2024. This is the first part. In parallel, we 
are working on capacity, which will come online by June 2025. We do not have a 
year-wise numbers which we can share at present, but, yes, we do have it in our 
internal models. But we wanted to further fine-tune it before we give you a year-wise 
breakup of the CAPEX. But, based on that, you will see that initially we are just doing 
1,000 MT, 1,000 MT becoming 5,000 MT, and then the 5,000 MT is again doubling. 
So, the CAPEX will come when we are setting up a greenfield and when we are 
doing the doubling part, which is basically coming online by FY'26. So, you will see 
significant CAPEX happening on that line in FY'24 and FY’25. This is on the CAPEX 
breakup.  
Also, as I explained, yes, this is the bare minimum demand that we see and we are 
quite confident that we can achieve this number through several customers. But as 
I said, we will be able to give more clarity on whether this is sufficient or whether, we 
need more salt or more of the electrolytes, etc. That kind of slight adjustments we 
will have to do. We will be able to do this, maybe 6 months or 9 months down the 
line once our pilot facility starts and more approvals start coming in from our 
customers. Then we can give more clarity. If required, based on that, our FY’25 and 
FY’26 CAPEX plans can be fine-tuned. 
Noel Vaz: 
So, quite simply put, based on the offtake that you would be getting at the pilot plant, 
then definitely we will get a much clearer picture as to what the demand scenario 
would be and we will get a much clearer idea of the whole demand scenario. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Because a little bit on this side, the demand is a bit more fluid as compared to 
our bromine derivatives and pharma business. That is the reason why we felt having 
a separate subsidiary gives a very clear view of how the operations are shaping up 
and how the changes are taking place. 
Noel Vaz: 
Just one last query. Regarding the revenue guidance, is this assuming full utilization 
or this is like 80% utilization? What is the best way to think about it? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Basically, the guidance whenever we give is considering 80% utilization of our 
facility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Yash Shah: 
Sir, my first question was regarding our capacity on formulation and salts. We can 
see that we will be increasing our capacity in tandem, which will be basically 20% of 
the salt capacity for the formulations. I wanted to understand from you that how much 
of the demand will be captive consumption and how much will we have to procure 
from outside – the electrolyte salts for the formulation? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Most of the salts will be made in-house. In fact, we have slight excess over and 
above what is required for internal consumption. Let us say, depending on the 
formulation, a 10,000 MT electrolyte facility would need somewhere between 1,000-
1,500 MT of salt. Against that, we are planning a 2,000 MT. We always have a little 
bit of a buffer because the lithium salt reaction takes a bit of a longer time. So, it is 
always good to have a slight overcapacity there. If at all you have an additional 
electrolyte requirement, you can quickly do the electrolyte and be able to serve your 
customers at a shorter period of time and the additional capacity can always be used 
to target international demand.  

 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
So, at least the way that we have taken it, most of the lithium salts we should be able 
to make ourselves. However, there are many new additives, the main electrolyte salt 
and then there are some speciality additives that we need to take. Usually, specialty 
additives in terms of volume are not much and new additives keep coming all the 
time. So, some of the additives we will be making ourselves and some additives – 
since they are specialized ones – we may have to buy it from Japan or Korea where 
it has already been established till we make them on our own. The majority of the 
salts should be made in-house. Only a small quantity of some specialized additives 
might be bought till they are required at a scale where it makes sense for us to make 
them ourselves. 
Yash Shah: 
That was going to be my next question. Do we intend to sell the additives as well, to 
the third-party customers? If my understanding is right, we do not intend to sell them, 
right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We make salts whenever we have excess capacity available. Even additives if we 
make ourselves, we would be happy to sell them as well if we have excess capacity 
available. 
Yash Shah: 
Sir, my next question was about our inorganic segment. The traditional lithium salt 
business which has been performing extremely well this year. Can we expect a 
similar kind of growth to continue in the 4th quarter and in the year ahead and in 
FY’25? And also, if you can provide some kind of commentary on the prices of 
lithium? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Prices of lithium, as we have shared earlier, as compared to the standard lithium 
price what has been there for many years, they have been between 6x to 8x of 
whatever is the usual lithium prices. So, they are significantly on a higher side. When 
you are comparing last year versus this year, a significant portion of that is also 
because of this price increase. When you go a year forward, yes, as we have 
explained to you, we are increasing our Dahej facility, and over the next 2 to 3 years, 
we also expect that that facility would be fully utilized. If the lithium price remains the 
same, you may see a 40% to 50% increase over the next 2 to 3 years. In terms of 
percentage what we are seeing is 85% and stuff like that, a significant portion of that 
is because of the higher lithium prices.  
 
Next year, we will maintain the same level and then show further volume increases. 
On an absolute value term, whether it remains the same or it might even drop if the 
lithium prices start going down. What we are estimating is that when the dust settles 
and when lithium demand-supply is balanced, it might be 2x or 3x of what were 
historical lithium prices. That transition when it will happen, that is very difficult to 
predict. Will it happen in 2 years, will it take 4 years, or will it take 6 years to reach 
those levels is very difficult to predict. That is why lithium price remains a bit of a 
question mark, but at least from what we have heard, it is not going down to the 
previous level for sure. Even when it settles down, it will be 2x or 3x of what were 
the historical lithium prices. It might happen anytime between next 2 to 4 years. 
Volume-wise, we expect the volumes to see the additional 1,200 MT which we are 
adding, which will give us additional volumes over the next 2 to 3 years, but value-
wise, it is a bit uncertain depending on how the lithium prices behave. 
Yash Shah: 
Last question from my side would be, in the previous quarter, we had mentioned that 
we added about 5 customers on the CSM side on the flavors and fragrances, which 
had a revenue potential of Rs. 200 crore; wherein some of our projects had moved 
from pilot stage to the commercial stage. Have we already started supplying to them 
in the current quarter? 

 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Whatever has moved from pilot to commercial stage, we have started supplying. 
Some we will be supplying in Q4 of this year. We did supply something last year, 
something this year. The aroma ones are still under discussion. The flavors and 
fragrances ones are still under discussion. They have not yet commercialized, but 
we are hoping that in the next financial year, we will see some revenue contribution 
coming from them. 
Yash Shah: 
So, we remain on track with the 20% contribution from the CSM business by FY’25, 
right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
By FY’24. Yes, that is the target. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from YES Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sir, my question is a clarificatory one on the CAPEX side. The Rs. 150-crore CAPEX 
that we had announced in the existing business, is that completely over or what 
percentage of that CAPEX is over? Secondly, is that Rs. 150 crore out of Rs. 450 
crore in new businesses that we have announced? Thirdly, if not, then, does that Rs. 
450 crore cover both the phases of battery electrolyte plant expansion? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Your first question is about how much of Rs. 150 crore we have done. As I said in 
my opening remarks and in the investor presentation, 50 m3 out of 60 m3 in organic 
capacity has already been commissioned and the remaining 45 m3 we are expecting 
to complete by September. On the lithium capacity increase, we expect most of the 
reactors to be in place by March. Anytime between March and May is when we are 
targeting for full commercialization of that. The third part of the Rs. 150 crore was 
lithium salt trial production. This we will be completing by June.  
 
Of the Rs. 150 crore, we have already spent somewhere around Rs. 50-odd crore, 
maybe a little bit more than that. Ketan would have that number. But that is where 
we currently are in terms of the total CAPEX which we have done.  
 
Your second question was, is the Rs. 450 crore in addition of this Rs. 150 crore? 
Yes, this Rs. 150 crore is separate. Rs. 450 crore is for the additional CAPEX which 
is basically to increase the Rs. 250 MT to 1,000 MT and then 1,000 MT to 5,000 MT, 
increasing the salt first from 400 MT to 1,000 MT and then another 1,000 MT and 
another 5,000 MT at a greenfield site. So, together, this will be Rs. 450 crore CAPEX 
and it includes both the phases. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Does the Rs. 450-crore CAPEX also include the cost of land at the new site which 
you have not declared or is it excluding the cost of land that you would have to 
acquire? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Is it excluding the cost of land? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
No, it includes the cost of the land. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, let me summarize this. For 10,000 tons of electrolyte and 2,000 tons of salt, the 
entire CAPEX requirement is Rs. 450 crore. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Yes. 

 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Can you break it up in terms of how much would be required for the salt capacity and 
how much for the electrolyte capacity? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Currently, because of confidentiality reasons, we do not want to share the breakup 
of this. Please give us some more time when we are comfortable sharing the 
breakup. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Lastly, any comments on the lithium deposits found in Jammu in India. What is your 
take on that? Would that work to bring the prices down or how do you see it evolve? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We are very happy with this development. We are sure that as the world progresses 
further, more such deposits will be found. Because, originally if we look at the 
situation from 3 years ago or 4 years, we already had identified a lot of deposits as 
compared to what the world needed. If you just think of India also, it required hardly 
2,000-3,000 MT of lithium. So, nobody was motivated enough to look hard (for such 
deposits). Now, I am sure the entire world is looking hard (at finding such deposits) 
and I am happy that in India, we have already found a deposit and hope there will 
be more such deposits will be found. Because, previously, people were just not 
looking hard enough because the demand was not much.  
 
It would not help us immediately because I personally believe that there is a lot of 
work still to be done to understand the exact composition. They have an estimate on 
the quantity, but what is the commercial viability of that? We are also still trying to 
find out the exact composition, concentration, what are the other minerals, and how 
the separation would work. We keep our fingers crossed and we are still trying to 
find more. But I do not think this alone will solve the lithium price issue, but overall, I 
personally feel that ultimately demand and supplies will catch up. There is a lot of 
lithium capacity being added the world over.  
 
So, over a period of 3-6 years, the lithium price and the demand-supply will match 
up and the prices should become closer to what they were. As I answered in my 
previous call, it might be 2x or 3x that of the historical average just because some of 
the new resources which are being found and their processing cost is much higher 
and the royalty which one has to pay to the Government is also much higher. 
Therefore, it will never go back to the historical level unless there is a very strong 
demand crash or something of a path-breaking, new innovative technology. But it 
will be lower as compared to what it is. It is just difficult to predict when. 
Moderator: 
We will take our last question from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum 
Portfolio Management. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
The first question is, if you can explain the reason behind the gross margin dip during 
the quarter both, on QoQ basis as well as YoY basis? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
It is just a function of both the lithium prices as well as the product mix in the current 
quarter. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
You have been saying that we are increasing our CSM mix, which I believe, is of 
higher margin and which was reflected in the gross margins in Q1 and Q2. Then 
sequentially has there been any other thing than lithium prices or the bromine prices 
were very high or something like that or any other reason? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Between CSM projects also, there are some projects which are of longer duration 
and have different gross margin profiles. It is again just a product mix difference 
between these molecules. 

 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
In the long term, you would stick to around 45% to 46% of gross margin that we 
intend to do? Will that remain intact? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
What I had explained earlier that we used to be like 40% +/-2% historically and now 
we expect 42% +/-2%, so between 40% and 44% on a stable basis. That is the way 
so far, we have seen. At least till FY’24, we expect that to be the case. Sometimes 
we may have a slightly higher margin but more or less, right now, the way the prices 
look like we expect to be in this range unless lithium prices change dramatically 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Next is on the electrolyte capacity that we are putting up. The 10,000 MT and the 
salt, largely almost 1,200-1,500 MT, will be internally consumed. Largely if I do a 
broad math, 10,000 MT yields Rs. 1,000 crore of revenue. I know this is not easy but 
then broad crude math of 1 MT yielding Rs. 1 million. So, 150,000 MT of potential 
capacity that India will need by 2030. Does it reflect that it is probably a Rs. 15,000 
crore market size that we are looking at and then probably we would be having a 
bare minimum of 25% kind of a market share or more than that? Is that the way we 
are looking at it? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
That is why on purpose, we have still not said how much 150,000 MT means. Again, 
this is a mix of salt and electrolyte. These are the capacities, and as I said, not all 
can happen together. We would still not want to comment on the exact price and the 
exact market size. We would like to wait till at least some few contracts are signed 
or there is better clarity in terms of how this business develops in India. So, please 
allow us time till then. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
This Rs. 2,000-2,250 crore guidance for FY’27 at peak utilization, these are, I 
believe, at stable prices, and on top of that if I do the 18.5% or 18% EBITDA margin, 
you are looking at a Rs. 350-360 crore of EBITDA by FY'27. Is the math correct? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
We wanted to keep tracking what is stable lithium price and what is normal lithium 
price. For now, the current price looks like the price is going to stay for the next 2-3 
years. That is why when we gave the revenue projection, it is more keeping in mind 
the current lithium prices. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
You believe that whatever we are doing, that is,16-16.5% margin, that will probably 
inch up to again probably 17.5-18%, or 18.5% by the time we reach the Rs. 2,000-
2,250 crore by FY'27, right? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
If the lithium prices remain the same, then it might be, again, a little bit on a lower 
side, the way you are seeing it. I will have to do the exact math that how much lithium 
will contribute and it will be somewhere around 16.5% to 17.5% in that region. And 
yes, with a stable lithium price, it will be somewhere around 18.5% to 19% in that 
region. So far, in our business if we do the lithium price correction, we have been 
able to depend on how stable lithium as well as the currency (will be) or how 
stringently we do the correction, we are again in that range of 18.5% to 19% EBITDA. 
This year also, we had targeted about Rs. 110 crore EBITDA, and with the run rate 
that we are at, most likely we should be able to overshoot the Rs. 100-110 crore 
target which we had kept for this year. We should be overshooting beyond Rs. 110 
crore.  
 
For most specific like EBITDA level targets, etc., my request is let this business 
develop a little bit and then as we are closer to the years, we will keep giving you 
guidance on what the EBITDA looks like, what the lithium price looks like. This is just 
to kind of give you an approximate idea on what kind of revenues we can generate 
and what kind of CAPEX which we are planning which we wanted to give today. 

 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Last question if I can squeeze in. The greenfield capacity for the battery chemicals, 
I believe, would be mostly domestic focused and hence probably the site will not be 
in Dahej or in some other place. Is my assumption correct? Have you finalized the 
land? 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
You are right. It will be largely domestic and so it will not be in the SEZ. That is 
correct. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Dr. Harin Kanani: 
Thank you all the participants for joining the call. I hope we were able to address 
your queries. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our 
Investor Relations team, CDR India, and we will address them. Thank you once 
again. Stay safe. We look forward to connecting with all of you again in the next 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
The transcript has been edited for clarity. Although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy, 
the Company takes no responsibility of transcription errors. 
 
