 
 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, August Kranti Bhawan, Bhikaji Cama Place, R.K. Puram, New Delhi-110066 
Tel: +91-11-26738299, Fax: +91-11-26182957, Email: Info@rvnl.org, Web: www.rvnl.org 
CIN: L74999DL2003GOl118633 
 
RVNL/SECY/STEX/2023                                       
             23.02.2023  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip: RVNL 
BSE Ltd. 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001. 
Scrip: 542649 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with Investors / Analysts 
/Institutions 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
We write further to our letter of even no. dated 17.02.2023 regarding intimation 
of the Audio Recording of Conference Call with Investor/Analyst/Institutions. 
The Transcript of the said Concall (held on 17.02.2023) is enclosed herewith and 
is also available on Company’s website at www.rvnl.org. 
  
Path: RVNL Website > https://rvnl.org/investor  > Investor > Board 
Meetings, Board Committees & General Disclosure > General 
Disclosures 
https://rvnl.org/investor?investertab=Board_Meeting&boardmeetin
gtab=General_Disclosures  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Kalpana Dubey) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
KALPAN
A DUBEY
Digitally signed 
by KALPANA 
DUBEY 
Date: 2023.02.23 
15:11:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Rail Vikas Nigam Limited Q3-FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP GAUR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PRASAD – DIRECTOR (OPERATIONS), 
RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEB KUMAR – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) AND 
CFO, RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
SHRI A.K. CHOUDHARY – PRINCIPAL ADVISOR, 
(FINANCE) 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Rail Vikas Nigam Limited Q3 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Periwal. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Good afternoon everyone. First of all, I like to thanks to the management of RVNL for giving 
us this opportunity to host their earnings call. From the management of Rail Vikas Nigam 
Limited, we have with us Mr. Pradeep Gaur – Chairman and Managing Director, RVNL; Mr. 
Rajesh Prasad – Director (Operations), RVNL; Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar – Director (Finance) and 
CFO, RVNL. 
So, as usual we will have a commentary from the management on the results, and then we will 
have the lines open for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, very good evening. This is Rajesh Prasad. I'm Director (Operations). And with me, our 
Principal Advisor, Financer, Shri A.K. Choudhary sir; and Director (Finance), Mr. Sanjeeb 
Kumar is joining in two minutes. Mr. Pradeep Gaur is having another meeting, which is 
continuing for the last two hours, and he will be joining later on.  
 
So, as you are aware that this company is 20 years old. We celebrated our 20th anniversary on 
24 January 2023. we started operations from December 2005, and we were the executing arm 
from the CAPEX arm of the Ministry of Railways. Now the Ministry of Railways and 
Government of India also desire that we should have the broader perspectives.  
 
We have been contributing more than 30% to 35% of the railway infrastructure, and we have 
commissioned more than 15,000 route kilometers of the railway infrastructure, doubling new 
line, gauge conversions, Railway electrification. Besides that, we are also in the Metro 
construction. And the turnkey projects, we have completed and commissioned 16 turnkey 
projects, which are really on a very, very fast track.  
 
This was basically, this is the Mini Ratna company given in September 2013, and it is getting 
upgraded to Navratna. Our Administrative Ministry has accorded approval for this. And 
followed by, there was a meeting with the Department of Public Enterprises, and there also it 
has been cleared. And then after that we had the inter-ministerial committees meeting. They 
have again cleared it. So, it is almost like a tie, basically, it is only for some time that maybe 
during this financial year we will get the Navratna status.  
 
We have got the PAN-India presence, and we are executing all kinds of railway infrastructures. 
We are involved in the complete project life cycle which starts from the concept to 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
commissioning the final location surveys, VPR, the designs, and plans, then estimation, 
tendering, and the basically land acquisition, execution, commissioning, and then defect liability 
period, and handing over for the operations.  
 
We have got a very lean setup, and earlier it was 100% dedicated to IR. We were executing the 
railway infrastructures. So, now we have changed our model from local railway infra to global 
all infra. And if you see the performance of this company, the last 11 years, it has been rated 
excellent. And in the last five years, you can see the performance of this public sector, which is 
being issued by the Department of Public Enterprises. This must be the number one PSU in the 
country for the year 2020-21. It was third amongst all the PSUs. Three times it was number one. 
So, if you take the average, and it will have the basically, it will be the number one PSU. 
 
Regarding the Q3 performance, very small thing, very briefly I would like to highlight that we 
had as per the target of MoU, we have been given a target of top line of 20,000 crore. As per the 
MoU, we have been given a target for commissioning of 1,000 kilometers. We have 
commissioned more than 810 kilometers. So, that is also as per the timeline. We have had the 
turnover of more than 14,560 crores after Q3. So, the other increase of around 12.5% with respect 
to FY'21-'22. So, again, this is a very good sign.  
 
And if you see the share price variation of this particular company, in last this ten months' time, 
the share price appreciation has been more than 125%. And if you compare it with respect to 
BSE 500 Index, this is more or less stagnant in 24,000 mark. And BSE Infra index, which is 
more close to the infrastructure, it is again stagnant 288 as on 1/12/2022, and as on 1/2/2023, it 
is 287. So, with respect to that, it has shown a tremendous improvement. 
 
And in the SPVs, there is a total turnaround in the special purpose vehicles in terms of the 
increase in the volume of the traffic in terms of the earnings. And in FY '20-'21, the total earnings 
in the whole of the financial earnings was loss of around 40 lakhs, which has got increased to 
103 crores in FY '21-'22. But in FY '22-'23, even after Q3 in nine months, it has already surpassed 
141 crores. So, all the SPVs have some tremendous improvement.  
 
We have got a rating done. It is Triple A and stable. And we have started bidding in the market. 
We have participated in bids about 70,000 crores. We started this bidding only around 16, 17 
months back, and it has shown a lot of improvement, and this price rating is around 24%, 25%. 
And we are also happy to inform you that the Angul Sukinda Rail, ASRL in Orissa is getting 
operational from February 2023. So, all the five SPVs will get commissioned, and accordingly, 
the earnings in time to come will go up. So, these are about the SPVs.  
 
I talked about the overall performance of RVNL, and we are focusing in not only railway sector, 
but all sectors. And the major, the main agencies where we are concentrating is the Metro, then 
the tunneling works, then the port connectivity, marine works, S&T work, and the areas you can 
say that railways, highways, buildings. And we have already become global as I said earlier. We 
are executing one project at Maldives, which is costing more than 1,500 crores, and the project 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
has already taken off. And in time to come, this much I can ensure to the investors, that whatever 
the target from the positions which we have made for FY '22-'23, we are going to achieve that.  
 
So, now we are ready for the questions, and then whatever questions are there, we will answer. 
And if you need further clarification, then I can also elaborate upon that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is in the line of Harsha from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harsha: 
Sir, can you just provide what is the order book outstanding as of Q3 FY '23? And can you give 
us details also of the segment wise?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, you were asking about the order book. See, I can tell you that as on 31/3/2023, based on the 
projections, we will have an order book of around 55,000 to 60,000 crores. It has to be 
reconciled. And if you want to know the break up for the segment wise, then through the market 
bidding, it will be around 20%. So, out of 55,000, 20% will be through the bidding, and then rest 
will be the typical railway projects, which have been given on nomination basis.  
Harsha: 
So, nomination will be 80% as of FY '23, but if you can just provide what will be the, for nine 
months FY '23, if possible, the order book outstanding? Can you give us the 3Q number 
outstanding? I mean, this one is for FY '23, but what will be that for 3Q? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Outstanding numbers regarding what? 
Harsha: 
Order book. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Order book means, see, it is a dynamic situation. So, (- 4,000). And we will have some 
appreciation this year. So, around 52.  
Harsha: 
So, as of December, it's 52,000 crores? 
Sanjeeb Kumar: 
No, you said Q4. So, this will be-- 
Harsha: 
No, no, as of Q3. Q3 FY '23? 
Sanjeeb Kumar: 
As of Q3, we gave you 55,000. Then you wanted something more. So, that is 52,000.  
Harsha: 
Also, second question would be, what was the order inflow for nine months FY '23? And are we 
L1 in any of the other projects? 
Sanjeeb Kumar: 
L1 is sensitive information. We can't give you. 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes. But I can tell you the strike rate is around 24%, 25%. And if you want to know that how 
many bids we have submitted, so I have already explained that we started reading only 15 months 
back, 16, 17 months back, and we have participated in bid worth 70,000 crores. 
Harsha: 
And just last question. Can you just provide the update on the Kyrgyzstan project? I mean, what 
is the progress for the same? Are we like, because last we were going to approve the DPR, and 
then probably take on the next part, so is there any update on the same? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, basically, we have identified four such projects, and the total length is around 1,000 
kilometers costing around US$2 billion to US$3 billion. So, we have signed an MoU, and we 
have already formed a JV with Kyrgyz industry. And basically, in first phase, we will be 
executing three projects. And the moment we get additional information, it will be placed before 
the SEBI, and it will be available in the public domain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Khandelwal from Alpha Invesco. Please 
go ahead. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
I wanted to ask in the recent interview, you alluded that you have participated in a bid of 50,000 
crores plus for trainsets. Can you give more clarification about that? And also is it a tie-up that 
you are doing with the company?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
We have participated in a bid. That is correct. This is under evaluation stage. And if we get any 
update, it will be made available to the public also. So, basically, it is a work where the trainsets 
are required to be manufactured. There are five bidders in this, and we are one of the bidders 
who have participated in this tender. And the approximate cost is around 55,000 crores plus.  
Pranay Khandelwal: 
And we have bid separately, like there is no tie-ups.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
We are not counting this in the total bid, the numbers which I had shared. That would be 20,000 
crores. If we add this, then the total number of bid, total, basically, amount of bids will be 
1,25,000 crores.  
Pranay Khandelwal: 
And can you also say anything more about the Maldives project? I heard in your opening remarks 
that you said that it has been commenced. So, what's your timeline? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Maldives project, yes, we have already shared the information that we have been awarded the 
project of Maldives. This is costing around more than 1,500 crores. It was a QCBS tender. It is 
a sensitive information, because it is a Government of India's project being developed for some 
MNDF, and we have already started executing the project. This is the first project for the first 
time we are executing an overseas projects.  
 
And I am also happy to inform you that it is not a typical railway project. It is a marine work. 
So, we are getting diversified. Number one. We are executing the first project in overseas 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
commission. And in time to come, we are very keen to have more and more projects overseas 
also. And you can see in time to come.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep from Shivam Dealmark Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep: 
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to have a one-to-one and find out more about the 
company. I basically have two concerns. So, one is that we have seen a very flat top line growth 
in Q3, and with the bid size of most of the orders that the company seems to be getting is very 
small, you know, in the region of 30, 40, 50 crores. So, is there any constraint in ramping up our 
order book? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, I have understood your question. The first question is the flat performance in Q3. But let 
me first answer. Just if you see the performance of Q3, then okay, fine, it is flat because it is 
more or less 5,000 plus crores in terms of the top line. But if you see the cumulative performance, 
there is a jump of 12.5%. That is 12,945 crores to 14,560 crores. So, the top line has also 
increased, if you see the overall performance up to Q3. See, we are more concerned about the 
PAT, the bottom line. And if you see the PAT, it has increased by 30.45% with respect to 715, 
this time it was 923 crores.  
 
Regarding the orders, see we wanted to first enter into the market. Our aim was that yes, let us 
get some work from the market, and the first two packages from Indore Metro gave a very 
positive sign. The margin was very good. And we are very, very happy to inform that we are 
going to commission this particular Metro project. We are going to have that rail in our project 
in Indore, which we bid from the market in the month of September and October. 
 
Regarding the small value or the bigger value, I will say the only thing tells that if it is a highly 
technical like signal and telecommunication, yes, the smaller values tenders are there. But higher 
value tenders are also there. For example, this one package of Chennai Metro, it is costing around 
1,134 crores. Maldives project is 1,500 plus crores, 1,546 odd crores. So, we have got the mix 
of all kinds of infrastructures, the smaller values, but at the same time bigger values also.  
Sandeep: 
Sir, are we maintaining our gross margin, which if I remember correctly from the past Investors 
Meet, it was normally in the region of 5.5% to 6.5%. So, when we say that, you know, we are 
going in for a higher technical project, do the margins improve over there? Or do we continue 
to make that 5.5%, 6% or 7%? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, you will have to understand that we have got various models, and the models are like the 
projects which have been assigned on the nomination basis. The projects which have been the 
SPV projects, which we are executing, are almost at the completion stage. Then we are executing 
the project from the market, and also the dividends from the SPVs and the interest rate which 
we get from the banks for our deposit.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So, if you wanted to know, if you want to know about the margins, see, the margin has been 
around 5.6% to 5.8 % something like that, and in time to come, in time to come, we will be 
focusing more on the margin part. But yes, there is an element of risk involved in this for the 
project which we are getting from the bid. For that, we are allocating the risk factor, risk factor 
for the project for which we are bidding.  
 
I will set one example. See, we are bidding in the projects, and there are some price variation 
clauses available, whether it is the EPC based or the DOP based, and sometimes the escalation 
is not as per the price variation which we normally get from the contract. So, we allocate a risk 
depending upon the kind of tenders and the contracts provisions are there. So, we are taking care 
of this. It is a kind of risk which we are addressing.  
 
What I wanted to tell you is that in time to come, there could be a time when the margins will 
go down. But I can assure you this much, that in time to come, in the longer version, the margin 
is going to up, going to be up, because we are in the market. We are taking excellence for 
increasing the margin.  
 
See, we have decided that we are going to have the Procurement Cell so that we will be supplying 
the material. We are going to have the Engineering Design Cell. We are augmenting the existing 
design cell. The idea behind this is that we will do some kind of value engineering for the project. 
So, we are working in the right direction. Normally, every private infrastructure company and 
legal company do these kind of practices. And we are equally concerned for this. 
Sandeep: 
The next part of my question, sir, relates to one company, this joint venture company there, 
which is Krishnapatnam Railway Company. I think, we are having a constant problem with them 
even in Q3 for details have, you know, mentioned some they have given notes to say that we are 
not getting funds from them, and in the last Investor Meet also, Mr. Gaur had informed us that 
some progress is being made, and they are continuing to pay very small amounts. So, can you 
update us, sir, on any further improvement with their performance or, you know, their 
commitment to our company? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, let me first explain about this company. This is a project, this was a project sanctioned by 
Ministry of Railway through PPP model, and the first phase commissioned in 2008-09, and the 
final commissioning took place in June 2019. And the annual share is 49.76%. 82% of the equity 
are held by the Central Government, State Government and PSUs. And the companies, their 
financials are also audited by CAG. We have executed projects worth around Rs. 2,400 crores, 
and we have received 1,600 crores plus, and this is a kind of a trade receivable. This is number 
one.  
 
Number two, the reasons behind this trade receivable is that there are two source of earning. One 
is called the terminal cost. The other is called the freight apportionment and for a siding. So, the 
Ministry of Railway agreed from 2017 rather than from the date of commissioning. So, this has 
led to all kinds of problems, and arbitration is going on. The next hearing, most probably maybe 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
the final rounds of hearing will take place in last week of February. And we are very hopeful 
that we are on very strong footing. And you can also appreciate that if anything, any, out of any 
commercial agreement, if it is to be paid, it has to be paid from the operational date, the 
commencement COD, not from any date after that. So, this is number one. 
 
Number two, now, if you see the performance of this particular company, this has shown 
phenomenal progress in terms of the loading, in terms of the apportion earning. For FY '20-'21, 
the loading increased. FY '21-'22, the loading was 11.53 million tons with respect to FY '20-'21 
of 8.61 million tons. And the apportion earning also increased from 183 crores to 231 crores. 
This was the comparison of FY '20-'21 and FY '21-'22.  
 
Now if you see the first nine months' performance, the traffic has gone by 80%. Apportion 
earning has gone up by 97% with respect to the previous financial year first nine months' 
performance. We have commissioned two crossing stations, Brahmanapalli and Velikallu. This 
will again further increase efficiency. And I am 100% sure that, in time to come, the company 
will improve its further its performance of the loading and transportation. Whatever dues which 
are pending from the Ministry of Railways, this will be decided after the Arbitration Tribunal 
gives the judgment, which is at the final stage. And we are very hopeful that in time to come, 
we will get that.  
Sandeep: 
One more perspective, you know, it's either a suggestion or a question, sir, is that we now have 
almost, we do have eight such SPVs and joint venture companies, and each of those companies  
have now gone into giving revenues, generating profits. As a shareholder or as an investor in the 
company, can we hope to have some sort of a consolidation or a listing of any of these companies 
or a consolidation of these companies as one for RVNL and to create more value for the 
shareholders? 
A. K. Choudhary: 
See, I am A.K. Choudhary, Principal Advisor, Financer speaking. The nature of these SPVs, 
they are temporary. Their life is 30 years. It has a concession Period of total 30 years. After that, 
the company will be taken over by the Ministry of Railways. So, no long-term plan can be done 
for consolidation and all. After 30 years, they will merge with Indian Railways. The other new 
one, they are project specific. Up to the project life, they are there. After that, again, these 
companies will be dismantled and all. So, no point, certainly there is no point in consolidating 
or listing these companies, because these companies are not permanent in nature, they are the 
SPVs.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Shah from Asit C Mehta Investment. 
Please go ahead.  
Devang Shah: 
Sir, I have one question. Where we have seen in the budget, the government has given us such 
kind of, you know, CAPEX program to boost the overall infrastructure, and the allocation has 
been given in general of 10 lakh crore of CAPEX, and particularly in a railway front, 2.43 lakh 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
crore, and many other infrastructure, Gati Shakti projects and many are there. They have 
shortlisted.  
 
So, as far as your future order outlook is concerned, because, you know, you have guided very 
well that you are going to have a strong order book, then only you can achieve your target. So, 
you have to have a strong order book. So, by considering this fact, as far as overall infrastructure 
development, how you are going to capture this particular thing? And how it will be beneficiary 
to company as far as order inflow is concerned as far as participation and what you are thinking? 
What's your plan, sir? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, you were right, that yes, the Ministry of Railways and the Government of India have got 
huge plan for the CAPEX and the creation of infrastructures, all kinds of infrastructures, not 
limited to only railway infrastructures. And you are also right that the CAPEX this time is 2.4 
lakh crores in comparison to 1.37 lakhs crores of the budget estimate of FY '22-'23, which got 
in half to 1.59 lakhs crores of the revised estimate. And the total CAPEX has increased from 7.4 
lakh crores to 10 lakh crores.  
 
See, the Ministry of Railways has got huge plan for the capacity building, the Unigauge, the 
100% railway electrification, transportation of 3,000 tons by 2030, then Safety Kavach, station 
development, connecting non-connected areas. So, yes, it is there, and RVNL has got a proven 
track record.  
 
See, this infrastructures, especially the railway infrastructures are complicated and complex. 
And it is not something like that you have got the money and then you go to the market and you 
just implement this infrastructure project. It requires a lot of technical decisions, technical 
coordination, interfacing, and everything is very complicated and complex. And at the same 
time, RVNL has got a proven track record.  
 
Why I am saying all this, that at the end of the day, it will be RVNL which will be playing a 
significant role in all those. And in FY '22-'23, if you also see that we have commissioned around 
810 kilometers during FY '22-'23, and it is around 30% of the entire commissioning by Indian 
Railways including RVNL. So, I don't know how it will come to us, but certainly, it is one of 
the area where we will be focusing. And we are very keen to enter into all these kinds of 
infrastructure projects.  
 
So, we are not only concentrating only this 2.4 lakhs crores of the chunk. We are concentrating 
on the entire 10 lakh crores, whether it is in the Metro segment, whether it is in the other 
segments, road segment. So, we have identified that well, we should focus. And certainly, we 
have got expertise in the railway infrastructure structure. So, we will concentrate on the railway 
infrastructure sector.  
 
The Metro segment is again very good. We have got plenty of experience. This year, in this 
financial year we have commissioned two Metro corridors sections in Calcutta, and Indore Metro 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
has taken out very well. Chennai Metro, yes, we have got the LOA. We have already started 
setting up the custom yard and the agency.  
 
So, everything is in line. Everything is in line. And we are 100% sure that in time to come, we 
are going to have a lot of railway infrastructures getting implemented by RVNL, and also the 
other sectors like the road sectors, the Metro sectors, even the high-speed corridors. So, we are 
also concentrating on that, and we will see how we will get that.  
Devang Shah: 
So, you mean to say, sir, that order inflow, that is going to be definitely on a positive side going 
forward by looking at this development, right? And you are going to be in a tendering process. 
So, it will not be restricted to only railway. You will also participate in other tenders and try to 
get the orders from these development, right? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Actually, we have been getting that. We have been getting that. We have bid Metro corridors for 
Chennai. For Surat Metro, we are executing one depot. We are executing systems. We are 
executing tracks. So, we are entering into all kinds of segments. So, see, earlier we were having 
only one option depending upon the Ministry of Railways. Now we have got the wider options 
available.  
Devang Shah: 
One more question regard to your Q3 earnings, we are seeing that there is a decline in our share 
of profit from the JVs. So, any particular, on a sequential basis I am talking about. So, any 
particular reason for that? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
No, no, you have seen the wrong figures. I will cite the example, that up to Q3, we had an earning 
of 141 crore with respect to the 88 crores of FY '21-'22. Am I correct?  
Devang Shah: 
Yes, you are correct on that front. I am just saying Q-o-Q basis. You are right on your calculation 
that I have seen, but on a quarter-or-quarter basis, if you see last quarter, it was 78 somewhere 
odd crores, and this quarter you have realized somewhere close to 43 crores. That is the only 
thing.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, it's the statistics how do you see it, we see it in a cumulative basis in the financial year. And 
the seasonal flow and the traffic pattern also changes depending upon the, see, one of the traffic 
is the coal import. Imported coal transportation. So, that depends upon the kind of demand and 
supply, and the government's requirement of the places. So, it keeps on changing, but we monitor 
up to the month, up to the quarter, and up to the quarter, there is an increase. Maybe in the same 
quarter if you compare, it may be flat or maybe slightly less. But if you see the overall 
performance in FY '22-'23 with respect to FY '21-'22, there is a sharp increase. 
Devang Shah: 
And last question. Sir, as far as the next financial '23-'24 is concerned, sir, you are going to 
maintain the same revenue guidance that has been so far we are seeing? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, these MoU targets, like the 20,000 crores of top line, this is fixed by the Department of 
Public Enterprises, Ministry of Railways, and Government of India, and depends upon the so 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
many factors. So, the way we have been working, we want to see that there is a growth, and 
there will be a growth in the top line, and we are focusing more on the bottom line. And maybe 
in '23-'24, we will have the bottom line maybe more than 1,200 crores maybe 1,250 crores or 
1,300 crores. And from the investors' perspective, this is more important to have the better 
bottom line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsha from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harsha: 
Just one clarification. You mentioned that receivables were 1,600 crores from the 
Krishnapatnam JV. So, can you just provide what is the interest -- 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I said the total project cost was around 2,400 crores, out of which we have received already 
1,600 crores. Remaining 800 crores, 800 odd crores are trade receivable. This is what I had said, 
and there is arbitration going on. It is almost at the last stage of finalization. So, we hope that we 
will be able to get these through arbitration. And the demand and the issues are very simple. If 
you wish, I can explain this to you again, that there are two issues: terminal cost and the freight 
apportionment for the siding. 
Harsha: 
That I understood. So, in that 800 crores trade receivables, is there any interest component on 
that or it's just purely trade receivables? 
A K Choudhary: 
We have got the interest separate. Interest is based on separately, not as trade receivables.  
Harsha: 
And what would that amount be? Interest?  
A K Choudhary: 
Roughly around 450 crores. No, sorry, 530 crores.  
Harsha: 
530 crores. Next question would be, so, recently, we saw an unfortunate event in Joshimath. So, 
is there any, because of that event, have you seen any impact on the Char Dham project that the 
MoR is going to be sanctioned or they were planning to build?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
No, Char Dham, we are not aware. We are not aware. See, we were given the assignment of 
doing the survey and the feasibility reports, and we have already submitted that. We are 
executing Karnaprayag to Rishikesh. And the moment the project is sanctioned, the Ministry of 
Railways will take a call that how they want to get it executed.  
Harsha: 
So, there is no, and also last question. So, you said around 80 % of the current order book is 
nomination based. So, by when will that order book be out of their books, like by FY '25-'26? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Normally a typical railway project takes around 5 years' time for completion and 
commencement. So, if the project has started around two years back, it may take another two 
years. If it had started around 3.5 years back, it would take 1.5 years back. So, what I can say is 
that in down the line maybe 3, 3.5 years, it should be completed, the works which have been 
given on nomination basis.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Harsha: 
And last question. Also, you mentioned that you have bidded in projects worth 70,000 crores. 
So, can you just provide what is the international component of the same? I mean, are we looking 
for any-- 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I don't have the figures right now available, but I can tell you that we have started executing 
overseas. The first overseas contract was around 1,546 crores in Maldives, and that project has 
already commenced over there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, you have mentioned like, you know, the profit from associate has been pretty good this year, 
141 odd crore. Will you have the breakup of this in subsidiary wise, if available, sir? So, I think, 
you mentioned that profit from associate year till date is around 141 odd crore. So, do you have 
a number available how exactly this stack up subsidiary wise? 
A K Choudhary: 
Yes, we have got the numbers. But Yes, see, the highest contributor is Kutch Railway, which 
has a PAT of 237.42 crore, and we have 50 % share. So, our PAT share comes to 118.71 crores. 
Out of 141 crores, this is the single largest chunk. Then Bharuch Dahej are having a PAT of 40.6 
crore. Our share has been 35.46%. Share in PAT is 14.4 crore. Krishnapatnam has a PAT of 
11.42 crore, and our share stands at 5.68 crore. Haridaspur Paradip has a PAT of 7.56 crore, and 
our share is 2.27 crore. And lastly, notional PAT of Angul Sukinda, our share is 12 lakh. So, it 
adds up to 141 crore roughly.  
Vishal Periwal: 
And in terms of new subsidiaries, any other, sorry, any other JVs that will be commissioning in 
this year or maybe like FY '24, do you foresee, sir? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, the earlier SPVs, which was built for the railway infrastructure like Kutch Railway 
Company, Bharuch Dahej, Krishnapatnam, Haridaspur, they were commissioned earlier. Angul 
Sukinda is getting commissioned this month. So, it is going to change the dynamics of the 
transportation, and these were the typical railway architecture SPVs. And the new SPVs, which 
are being formed to business development will take some time to get basically completed and 
commissioned.  
Vishal Periwal: 
And I think, since we are moving into more of a competitive bidding, I think we are setting up 
allied infra. So, can you give some breakup or maybe some guidance on like what has been the 
CAPEX this year? What are we doing from next year? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, basically, top line you are asking.  
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, the top line I said this FY '22-'23, we have been given a target of 20,000 crores, which we 
are going to achieve maybe 20,500 plus. And next financial year -- 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Management: 
New JV's.  
Vishal Periwal: 
CAPEX.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
New JV's CAPEX. Yes, it is initial stage, we may not be able to predict now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Mehta from Bank of India Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Deep Mehta: 
I just need some clarification regarding your guidance of 1,200 of PAT in FY '23. Sir, for nine 
months, we have done around 1,060 crores of PAT. And if I have to do some calculation, then 
you are saying that in Q4, you will do around 140 crore, 150 crore of PAT. And that will be 50% 
degrowth compared to last year same quarter, and also margins will be very lower. So, can you 
give some clarification on this? 
 
Sir, you have done around 1,060 crores of PAT in this nine months, and you are guiding that we 
will do 1,200 crore in this full year. So, does this mean that you will do only 150 crores, 140 
crores of PAT in Q4, and that will signify a very lower margin for Q4? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
You are not telling correctly. See, the PAT after the Q3 was 923 crores, which was around 30% 
higher than with respect to 715 crores of FY'21-'22. And see, these are the figures of the first 
three quarters. So, next three quarters, if you take even the average, it will become 1,200 crores.  
Deep Mehta: 
So, you are taking standalone profitability for your guidance? 
A K Choudhary: 
Yes.  
Deep Mehta: 
Adding the JV profit.  
A K Choudhary: 
No, no, we are not taking the JV profit for this.  
Deep Mehta: 
That is very helpful. And can you give some color on what is the growth we are looking for next 
financial year, that is FY '24? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, the growth part, I said, somebody had asked this question. And then I said that the top line 
is basically decided by the Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Railways, Government 
of India. This year it was 20,000 crores, which we are going to achieve around 20,500 crores. 
This depends upon so many other factors. So, this year FY'23-'24, we may target around 21,000 
crores plus, and the bottom line we would like to have again more than 1,200 crores.  
 
But I will tell you one thing. You see, all the investors are there in line only. So, I will tell one 
thing, that only 16, 17 months back, we decided to bid in the market. And we not only survived, 
we have performed exceedingly well, and our numbers speak very high about us. And as I said 
in the beginning, that if you compare even the market appreciation, the share price appreciated 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
by more than 128 % in first 10 months, whereas the BSE 500, it is stagnant. BSE Infra index, it 
is stagnant. What else you expect from us?  
 
It is after all a government company where the Government of India is having a share of 78.2%. 
So, that is why I keep on quoting that it is a very, very flexible company where we have got this 
flexibility of the efficiency of the private organizations, private companies, and the authority and 
trustworthiness of the government companies.  
Deep Mehta: 
I completely agree. In fact, for the last five years, our growth will be highest among all both 
private as well as public companies. So, this year, your growth has been quite exemplary in the 
past.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Shah from Asit C Mehta Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: 
Sir, as you are now participating in a tendering process, so do you have a cost escalation clause 
also in a tender? Because on a nomination basis, we understood that you are getting certain fees 
from the Ministry of Railways, but in a different model, how it works as far as cost escalation is 
concerned? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, it depends upon the plan, the provisions made in the tender document. Each and every 
tender is different. Each and every tender is having different kinds of provisions. Each and every 
tender, it could be a EPC. It could be a BOQ based. And sometimes it is a mix of that. And the 
price variation clauses also vary. Sometimes even the price variation is not available. So, what 
we do is while bidding, we have got a complete business development cell. We allocate a risk 
depending upon the kind of provisions made in that particular typical tender. And we allocate 
that risk so that the risk factor, the risk is slightly mitigated.  
 
So, yes, you are right. This is slight, it is not very clear at the time of bidding, but yes, we are 
allocating risk, and we have developed enough skills on this particular aspect. And the price 
variation sometimes may get some extra benefits; sometimes may not. Escalation may not be as 
per the market, the perception market variation, but yes, we are allocating a risk factor for that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep from Shivam Dealmark Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep: 
Sir, but what kind of a fund allocation can we expect, what dividend from the current year's 
profits?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
You are asking about the dividends?  
Sandeep: 
Yes, sir. The dividend guidelines for the current financial year. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
The guidelines are available as per the Ministry of Finance directive, and we will abide by that.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Sandeep: 
And what is that, sir? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Last year, it was 35%. They haven't issued for this year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh from Moneyore. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Sir, are the margins more in the bidding order? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, in long term, in longer term, I can tell you the margins will go out, but in the initial stage, 
there could be a dip. I can tell you about Indore Metro, the first two packages. There the margins 
are quite good, and maybe it's slightly better than the margins which we used to get from the 
Ministry of Railways.  
Rajesh: 
And sir, this order book, that Kyrgyzstan order is included in this 52,000 crores order book? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
It is not included. It is not included.  
Rajesh: 
So, when we are supposed to get that order and included?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
This will be notified in the public domain. 
Rajesh: 
And sir, how will the PAT grow from next two, three years if we are not growing the top line? 
If the top line will not grow, it will grow for 5% or 10%. How the PAT will grow by 20% next 
two, three years? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Because we are in the market. We are in the market. When we are in the market, then we have 
got flexibility. Probably you had not heard, what I was mentioning is that we are opening up 
basically design cell, extending the design cell for the value engineering. We are in the process 
of making a procurement cell where the material supply etc., will be done by us. What these 
things will help us in that there will be a cost reduction in the execution of the project, and then 
we can increase the margin. This is what the major mega infrastructure companies have been 
doing.  
Rajesh: 
How much time it will take, sir? In one or two years? How much time it will take to increase the 
margin? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, this is something which cannot be predicted. But yes, we are thoroughly professional, and 
we allocate all kinds of risk, and we are aware about the margin requirement. And see, this is a 
government company. Just now I was mentioning that only 16, 17 months back, we started 
bidding in the market. Because we became zero that the nomination became zero. And you can 
see that we have participated in bids of around 70,000 crores plus.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
So, this is something unique for this particular company, and we are working for not only the 
bid parts, getting the work. We are also equally concerned in the implementation part. We are 
also concerned about the margin part. 
Rajesh: 
So, the last question, how is the JV going to perform in the future going forward? All JVs? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Which JV you are asking about? 
Rajesh: 
All JVs, especially Kutch Railway or all JVs? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I can tell you, I can tell you, these JVs, there will be a turnaround in the JVs, because a lot of 
developments have taken place. All the SPVs, the infrastructure SPVs have been commissioned, 
and the traffic has gone up. And with the internal resources in the Kutch Rail Company, they are 
undertaking the doubling the railway electricity. So, the cost of O&M will go down because the 
diesel traction will get changed to the electric traction. And then O&M cost will go down. So, 
there are so many things happening in these SPVs. And slowly the traffic has gone up like 
anything, as I said, in Krishnapatnam alone the traffic has gone up by 80%, and the apportion 
earning has also increased accordingly, 97%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking the last question. That is from the line of 
Devang Shah from Asit C Mehta Investment. Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: 
Sir, I want to have one clarification, that you are saying that in the current order book, 80% of 
the order book is still on a nomination basis. So, you have changed your business model from 
nomination to tendering basis. So, now onwards, there will be no nomination contract, right? It 
would be completely tendering basis only you are going to get a order through, right, sir, 
correctly if I am understood? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, you were partially correct. See, the MoU, which we have signed with the Government of 
Kyrgyzstan, the projects are on the nomination basis kind of thing only. So, we don't know from 
where we will get the nomination work, but this may continue. We are not aware. And nor we 
have been informed, but there is a possibility that the nomination not from the Ministry of 
Railways, but somewhere else we can get. This is number one. 
 
Number two, we have started bidding only 16, 17 months back, and then we have already 
participated in bids worth more than 70,000 crores. If you add the train sets, then it will become 
1,25,000 crores. So, within a small span of around 17, 18 months, the company has changed the 
model. So, you will have to appreciate that we are ready to face the crisis and take the measure 
to mitigate those kind of prices. We have, in fact, converted the crisis into opportunities.  
 
Earlier our client was one that was the Ministry of Railways. Now today, we are having different 
clients. We have opened all kinds of segments, verticals. There is a diversification in the 
execution. So, things are happening in a positive direction for RVNL.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we now conclude this call. On behalf of Rail Vikas 
Nigam Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
