 
 
 
21st March, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
      Corporate Relationship Department  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
       1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
    PJ Towers, Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
   Fort, Mumbai - 400 001  
Fax: 022-26598237/38  
 
 
 
   Fax: 022-22722061/41/39/37 
 
 
Company Code: PVR / 532689 
 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 13th March, 2023 and 15th March,2023 pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015. We wish to inform you that Company participated in the conference call for analysts 
and investors on Tuesday, March 14, 2023 for a brief discussion by the combined management 
of PVR-INOX on the merger and link of the Video recording was shared vide our above letter 
dated March 15, 2023  
 
Further, in continuation to our above communication, we wish to share the below amended 
link of audio recording of conference call for analysts and investors. The said audio recording 
is also available on the website of the Company.  
 
https://originserver-static1-uat.pvrcinemas.com/pvrcms/financial/PVR-INOX_Management_Update_Call.mp3 
 
Please also find enclosed the copy of transcript in this regard. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PVR Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kuma-SVP 
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
 
 
MUKESH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
MUKESH KUMAR 
Date: 2023.03.21 
18:11:55 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“PVR-INOX Limited 
Post-Merger Conference Call” 
March 14, 2023 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BIJLI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PVR 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PVR 
LIMITED  
MR. NITIN SOOD – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– PVR LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the Post PVR-INOX Merger Call hosted by 
Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening, friends and welcome to PVR-INOX Limited Post Merger 
Conference Call. The call will be initiated with a brief discussion by the combined management 
of PVR-INOX on the merger, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Management team will 
be represented by Mr. Ajay Bijli, Managing Director, PVR Limited; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, 
Executive Director, PVR Limited; Mr. Nitin Sood, Group CFO, PVR Limited and other 
members of the senior management team. Over to you, Mr. Bijli for your initial comments. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Thanks very much, good afternoon and welcome everyone to our Analyst Investor Call. I'm 
delighted to update that we have successfully completed all formalities relating to the merger of 
INOX with PVR within record timelines. The new PVR shares issued to INOX shareholders 
have already started trading from yesterday.  
The coming together of PVR and INOX brands marks an exciting chapter in our journey and 
creates the largest film exhibition company in India with 1,674 screens across 358 properties 
and 114 cities in India and Sri Lanka and an aggregate seating capacity of 3.56 lakh seats. We 
are confident that this merger will allow us to better serve our customers, expand our reach and 
create new opportunities for growth.  
Moving forward as we appointed date is fixed as 1st January 2023, we will be reporting 
combined financials along with the audited results of Q4, FY '23. Our focus for the next few 
months will be to successfully integrate the two businesses and realize the anticipated merger 
synergies over a 12 to 24 months timeframe. This will require a lot of hard work and dedication, 
but we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. 
We've engaged Korn Ferry, a leading HR consultancy firm in assisting us with the HR and 
cultural integration. We've announced a day 1 organization structure. I will lead the company as 
a Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar my brother has been appointed as the Executive 
Director.  
We will be supported by the following leadership team from both PVR and INOX. Mr. Alok 
Tandon, Co-CEO, Central East and West Region; Mr. Gautam Dutta, Co-CEO, North and 
Southern region; Mr. Nitin Sood, Group CFO; Mr. Kailash Gupta, Deputy CFO, PVR Limited; 
and CFO, PVR Pictures; Mr. Kamal Gianchandani, Chief Business Planning and Strategy 
Officer, PVR Limited and CEO of PVR Pictures; Mr. Pramod Arora, Group Chief of Growth 
and Business Development; Mr. Renaud Palliere, CEO, the Luxury Collection; Mr. Jitendra 
Verma, Chief Information Officer; & Mr. Rajender Singh Jyala, Chief Programming Officer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Moving on to the content side, we recognize that 2022 was impacted on account of 
underperformance of Hindi films and lower number of Hollywood film releases. Last year the 
Hindi film industry experienced a turbulent year with significant fluctuations in box office 
collections. The focus has shifted towards the content quality rather than solely relying on 
presence of stars. 
There's now greater acceptance of multi-language content with pan-India releases and multiple 
languages becoming the norm. This trend is a positive development for the industry as it opens 
up new markets and audiences, while also encouraging filmmakers to prioritize content quality. 
The line-up for 2023 is looking very promising. We have big release slate for the next 12 months 
across Hindi, English and regional films. 
From Hindi, after the huge success of Pathaan, we have two more movies starring Shah Rukh 
Khan releasing this year, Jawan releasing in June and Rajkumar Hirani’s Dunki releasing in 
December’23. There are two big movies starring Salman Khan, Kisi Ka Bhai Kisi Ki Jaan in 
April, and Tiger 3 in November. We have two Ajay Devgan movies Bholaa in March’23 and 
Maidaan in May’23. 
Other big movies from Bollywood include Bawaal starring Varun Dhawan in April’23. 
Adipurush, starring Prabhas and Saif Ali Khan in June’23. Satyaprem Ki Katha, starring Kartik 
Aaryan and Kiara Advani in June’23. Dream Girl 2, starring Ayushmann Khurrana June’23. 
Yodha starring Sidharth Malhotra in July’23 and Animal starring Ranbir Kapoor in August’23. 
From Hollywood there are several tent-pole planned for release. Two movies from the Marvel 
Comic Universe, Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 in May’23, and Marvel's in July’23. Three 
movies from the DC Comic Universe: Shazam, The Fury of Gods in March, The Flash, in June, 
and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom in December.  
We have sequels from super hit franchises like Fast and the Furious 10 in May, Transformers: 
Rise of the Beasts in June, Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny in June, Mission: Impossible - 
Dead Reckoning Part 1 July’23 and Dune 2 in November. Other notable releases include 
Christopher Nolan's, Oppenheimer in July.  
Regional cinema too has some strong releases, Jailer with Rajinikanth in April, Bhola Shankar 
starring Chiranjeevi in April, Salaar starring Prabhas in September, PS2 in September, Leo 
starring Vijay Thalapathy in October, Indian 2 starring Kamal Haasan in October amongst others 
that will get released during the year.  
Looking ahead, we will be opening 180 to 200 screens every year over the next two years across 
strategic locations and key markets. We are confident that PVR-INOX will continue to grow, 
innovate, and reimagine the movie going experience to make our brand aspirational and 
accessible. We believe that the future is incredibly bright, and we look forward to sharing our 
progress with you over the coming months and years.  
Thank you once again for joining us today. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thanks and congrats finally on the full merger. My first question is on the SPH, wherein 
you have highlighted that in India, you are still at 51% versus global average is 70%. You have 
already been doing very productive work here. Going ahead, what can be the differentiated factor 
here? 
I understand the non-veg bit, I understand the home delivery bit. My question was more on the 
home delivery and the pre-ticketing, how big is the opportunity because you have given the data 
versus the rest of the QSR. Lot of your consumption here is because of the captive audience. So, 
beyond your captive audience, how big is the opportunity? Because your pricing versus a normal 
Zomato offering or say Swiggy offering, the pricing is a big challenge, right? So, are you doing 
some proactive work in terms of the pricing bit in the home delivery? 
Ajay Bijli: 
 
Gautam, will you answer it? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes. So see, this idea came up during COVID and we've actually worked extensively to get a 
new menu, a new brand on Zomato and Swiggy, which actually in terms of pricing was 
extremely price market competitive. So, we are not selling the F&B products at the cinema 
pricing, but it is very, very competitive with that.  
Having said that this merger sort of gives a much larger footprint to this idea. Now we can 
actually try this experiment across many more locations. And these are kind of early days. We 
are also learning this new way of doing F&B business. This is great incremental food business 
for the cinema, but it will take some time for us to make it more sizable as an independent entity. 
But more locations means, more delivery and being able to sort of feed a larger consumer base. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So my follow-up question there was say, internally, I'm sure now with merger done, would you 
have a number internally that okay, 3-years, 5-years down the line, home delivery bit or whatever 
you mentioned of a separate brand with a much more affordable pricing? 
Do you have a number on that at least internally, that this percentage of F&B revenue has to 
come from there? And are you doing for example, cloud kitchens in a big way or is it being 
largely done through your own stores currently? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So, it's currently all being driven out of our cinema. We've taken an outside view that technically 
5% of the SPH contribution should eventually come from such an initiative. But as I said, this 
is going to be a couple of years down the line that when we can get there. But to your point, did 
we take a target? Yes, there was and for each cinema. 
And we've got not one location technically in a certain location. So, every 5 kilometers there 
could be a cinema and every cinema would possibly have a micro target where we will like to 
contribute at least 5% of the cinema SPH coming out of a home delivery. But as I said, these are 
early days, and we are kind of consolidating and learning as we are moving forward on this. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir my last question on the F&B aspect is you have a 20% gap or 90% gap versus the global 
average. If you see general customer perception is that already popcorn and cola and all products 
in your multiplex is quite expensive. And you're already sweating the current real estate within 
the multiplexes quite well. 
How does that gap bridge? Is this gap more because of the per capita income what India has? 
So, whenever that per capita income goes up, then this gap can be bridged because this gap is a 
big gap, right? 70% of ATP international average? 
Ajay Bijli: 
But that's a positive isn't it. It shows you that there is headroom to grow. And so, it will be 
delivered by volume rather than value. We still believe we can improve the strike rates. We still 
believe that we can improve the variety of offerings. We're also looking at not necessarily selling 
everything post ticketed. 
We're also looking at pre-ticketed. Now that pre-ticketed doesn't mean, only home delivery. Pre-
ticketed also means that you can enter the premises and buy concessions. Lot of our cinemas 
don't allow entry, unless you have a ticket. Now we are planning to open up a lot of cinemas as 
well, so that even people who have not come to watch a movie, they can also buy some of our 
USP products. 
So, there's a lot of strategies that we have in mind. Some of the box offices are getting converted 
because a lot of tickets are getting sold online now. So, a lot of real estate is dedicated to box 
offices. We don't need such large box offices. So, some of them are getting converted to -- we've 
already done those pilots in Ambience, Gurgaon we've done it, where the concession stand is 
also opening outside and some of the box offices are converted into F&B outlets. So, I think 
there's a lot of initiatives being taken to take this up further. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last question is essentially on the cost and capex bit. You mentioned capex will come 
down by 10% to 15%. I wanted to understand that, is it just because of economies of scale 
because already PVR itself was very large, right? INOX is adding more to that, but still, I want 
to understand that bit? And second is EBITDA synergy of INR 225 crores, what are the low-
hanging fruits here? You have mentioned 12 to 24 months, and you mentioned 3, 4 factors, 
which will drive this. What are the low-hanging fruits here in terms of quicker turnaround? 
Ajay Bijli: 
 
Nitin, do you want to talk about the low-hanging fruits? 
Nitin Sood: 
So Abneesh, like you said, working -- we started work on the synergies very recently. The teams 
have started to get together. I think the big focus area will be to drive the revenue synergies up. 
F&B is going to be one of our large areas where I think the focus is going to be to drive long-
term synergies. There is a difference in the SPH levels between both the circuits, how do we 
bridge that? That's going to be the big focus area.  
Obviously, box office synchronization of programming across common circuits, where we have 
cinemas for both PVR and INOX. How do we synchronize programming to ensure that we have 
shows, which are complementary, which gives opportunity to consumers to watch a film every 
20 minutes, instead of competing on show times. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 6 of 14 
 
How do we ensure we synchronize pricing and not compete in some of those common circuits 
and advertising revenue. I think these 3 big revenue kickers are going to be there. I think on the 
cost side, our big focus is going to be supply chain. I think both the teams have done a lot of 
work on cutting down their independent cost during the pandemic. 
So from here on, I think the focus will be to get supply chain synergies, given the size and scale 
and the volume. Reduction of F&B costs given the significant volume of buying that we will do. 
Any duplicate overheads which we can immediately rationalize will be the quick wins, balance 
of the stuff will take some time. We will also -- that's the reason we've guided about a 12 to 24 
months of efforts before we realize the full potential synergy. But hopefully, later part of the 
year, we should start seeing some of the synergies playing out. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a next question from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a question on the cost synergy bit which you just 
highlighted recently. So, in terms of avoiding duplication of work, which you just mentioned, 
what all areas have we identified maybe we may not need for programming or for that matter, 
even for negotiating with the mall owners. So basically, any specific area that you would want 
to highlight over here which can result in a decent amount of savings due to employee 
redundancy? 
Nitin Sood: 
No not really, we won't want to highlight. We started work. I think it will require a great amount 
of organizational effort between both the companies to integrate both the organizations. I think 
for us, that's going to be the big priority right now integrating. We both operate on different 
technology platforms, different ERPs, different operating systems. 
So, I think next 6-to-9-month effort will be to try and integrate and put everything on a common 
platform, post which some of the synergy integration will play out faster. No specific guidance 
on any specific area as such. I think we started work. I think we believe there will be savings in 
each element of cost. But it's slightly premature for us to comment on anything specific right 
now. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. But will the benefit be front loaded in year 1 or will it take some time to realize thats the 
follow-up? And secondly, also, I would like to know when does our term with BMS and Paytm 
end and also for INOX. And secondly with respect to that, unless that term ends there will be no 
upside from fresh negotiations, right? 
Nitin Sood: 
 
Sorry, I'm not able to hear you clearly. Your voice is breaking in between. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So what I was saying is that, will the benefit accrual for synergy will be front-loaded in year 1 
or year 2, that is one? And secondly, I also wanted to know when does that term end with BMS 
and Paytm and also for INOX? 
Nitin Sood: 
Okay. So, on question number one, like I guided earlier, we think it will be a 12- to 24-month 
effort to realize the synergies. No, I don't think there will be front-loading of the synergies. It 
will take minimum 5 to 6 months of work before synergies start reflecting it. So yes, there will 
be some part of the synergy of the INR 225 crores annual synergies that we've guided, which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 7 of 14 
 
will flow in year 1, but exactly what that quantum will be, I think as we go along during the year, 
we'll be in a better position to guide. 
But some of these synergies will move into next year. As I said, we -- there is 6 to 8 months of 
work involved in putting a lot of stuff on the ground in actionable condition before those 
synergies start reflecting. On your second question on the -- our contracts with online 
aggregators, PVR's existing contract ends in end of April and INOX's existing contract ends end 
of March 2024, sorry. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a next question from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
Some of the questions on the quantification of the synergy I think covered already. I would like 
to focus on some of the qualitative aspects of the synergy like probably, today, we are not able 
to quantify it, but it will generally give us a positive EBITDA probably over 5 to 6 years. What 
are those things which is currently we are not quantified, but something which we are working? 
If you can highlight it some of that it will be great. 
Nitin Sood: 
I didn't get your question fully. Can you again once again when you say qualitative aspects of 
the integration…. 
Arun Prasath: 
….of the synergy benefits. Basically, we have a quantified, some of the things which we can 
quantify, probably we have done it. For example, I don't want to say example, but to put it in a 
word, say, extension of the OTT windows or some of the things that probably can do with the 
mall developers. Anything else apart from this, which you can know, which is a long-term kind 
of merger synergies that we should be aware of? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes, I think the focus will be with the combined size and scale to work on all areas to improve 
the operating efficiency of the circuit that we have and that would relook at some of the existing 
contracts, et cetera, and practices we have. It will also include relooking at our capex outlook in 
terms of average per screen spend, it will also look at figuring out a way to better manage our 
rental costs, try to make more and more variable costs and reducing intense capex intensity in 
the business as we move to more Tier 2, Tier 3 locations. 
So all of that will be part of the long-term strategy and the plan. But like I said, it's still early 
days. We will be working on a lot of it. And maybe in next 3 to 6 months, we will be in a better 
position to share a lot more as we work together on the combined entity. 
Arun Prasath: 
Actually specifically, I would like to ask something on the OTT window. Is there any -- beyond 
a certain day or peak is the benefit of extending the window is there or it stops at certain level, 
say, 6 weeks, 9 weeks, or 3 months. What is our current read on this? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
Our current window for Hindi films, which is predominantly the content that we play in our 
theatres is 8 weeks. This is the same as the window that used to exist pre-COVID. Currently, 
both content creators and exhibitors, which is PVR-INOX, we are comfortable with this window. 
The same window applies to Hollywood films. In fact, the Hollywood since the window tends 
to be a little longer because the Hollywood films come from the studios mainly and these studios 
tend to follow the international windows, which are usually longer than 8 weeks. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 8 of 14 
 
As far as regional films are concerned, the other non-Hindi Indian films, Tamil, Telugu, 
Malayalam, Kannad, Marathi and Punjabi we play for is almost 12 languages. Windows vary 
from 4 to 6 weeks. It's our endeavour to push these windows towards 8 weeks. But we would 
not like to make a firm specific window, spell out the firm specific window at this stage. But the 
endeavour for this year remains that we would want to sort of increase the windows for the non-
Hindi Indian languages. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Actually, I was asking specifically beyond it, is there any benefit or you don't tend to see 
any benefit on the footfalls or occupancy in the multiplexes? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
It's a bit of a subjective issue. And for different films, the answer would be different. But for 
bigger films, which show longer legs at the box office, yes, the longer window is definitely 
beneficial, but you have to appreciate it's beneficial to both parties, right? Even the content 
creators benefit from a longer run, if a film is having a long run at the box office. 
So therefore quite often we find that the content creator is more than comfortable to increase the 
window for a big film, especially the ones which are doing well at the box office. So yes, the 
answer is yes. We benefit from a longer window, especially for bigger firms, but more often 
than not is a content creator who's forthcoming with a longer window. 
Arun Prasath: 
But can the content producer change it after the release of theatrical release, isn't it already agreed 
between the OTT before the release itself, regarding the window? 
Kamal Gianchandani:: 
Yes, they can. The content creators tend to have considerable leverage with the streaming 
platforms. And in counterintuitive fashion, even the streaming platforms benefit from a longer 
run of a film at the box office. So quite often, even they are comfortable to increase the window. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Understood. My second question is on the -- now that we have a stronger balance sheet. 
Are we thinking of anything about smoothening the volatility on account of -- depending on this 
content, can we do something related to reducing the content volatility? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
No. We are constantly in dialogue with our content partners requesting them, informing them of 
our trends and various data points that we are monitoring and collecting to ensure that content 
creators take more films to theatres. And they also continue to release them in a steady fashion. 
So there is a constant dialogue on this front. 
As far as volatility of performance is concerned, our business, the inherent DNA of our business 
is peaks and valleys. So while we, as exhibitors and content creators, producer, distributors, all 
of us want more consistency. But the fact remains that this is not a business that we can see on 
a week-to-week basis, we have to see it on a slightly longer duration. But our experience has 
been that when you see it for a slightly longer duration, things tend to even out. 
Arun Prasath: 
 
Very, very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
 We have a next question from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Girish Pai: 
This number of 180 to 200 screens seems a fairly large number considering the low occupancy 
levels we've had in the last 9 to 12 months. Do you think the new screens are cannibalizing your 
older screens and do you think you can work with a slightly lower number of new screen 
openings? Just before you kind of go more aggressive on that before you kind of -- I mean, to 
see that your occupancy hits a certain decent number of 35-plus thereabouts, which you did 
achieve in the past? 
Ajay Bijli: 
See, it's only been 12 months since we have opened after COVID. So it's too early to take these 
occupancies as the normal settled occupancies with this business and what we've been attracting 
over a period of time. And these decisions have been taken where it takes about 4 to 5 years 
for… 3 years minimum, maximum 5 years for a mall to come up. So these decisions were taken 
earlier. 
Plus all the projects that we sign and the screens that we open are very carefully selected in terms 
of what are the market gaps where a product like PVR or INOX is not there, which are the malls 
which are being developed by quality developers like Phoenix or DLF or Lulu or Prestige. And 
these are all destination malls in catchments and cities where there is no presence of high-quality 
cinema experience. 
So this 12 month is too short a period for us to start having palpitations about our business. It's 
-- we are comparing 80 years of pre-COVID to 12 months of post COVID period, it's too early 
to draw any conclusions. We believe in the long-term prospects of this business. And we believe 
that all these screens are in great locations. Quite a few of them are in South India as well. In 
fact, the ones that we've opened quite a bulk of them are in South India as well, where, again, 
the multiplex penetration is very low. 
Still, there are a lot of single screens there, but now mall developers are building shopping 
centers and malls and a lot of these towns in South India as well and that's where PVR or INOX 
becomes an integral part of attracting footfalls. So these are -- this is not just capex being done 
without any thought each and every property has a return criteria. 
Each and every property has a qualitative criteria before we start investing capital. Plus also 
these projects have got bunched up together because for a long time, the activity has stopped. 
And now ever since the world has opened up the malls and shopping center construction has 
also expedited. New retail formats are coming up, existing retailers are increasing their footprints 
in the malls and new brands are coming up every day in the country. And so in fact, the footfalls 
are increasing in all the malls as well. Off-line sales are better than online sales now. So PVR 
and INOX are pretty much part of this upward trend in the shopping center development. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My next question has to do with the synergies. It's interesting that you mentioned that 
F&B would be the key one to focus on. I thought probably advertising would be the easier one 
to kind of an easier win to get because there's a fairly large difference between the INOX 
Leisure…. erstwhile INOX Leisure ad revenue per screen versus the PVR ad revenue per screen. 
So wouldn't that be an easier win for you to get compared to F&B? 
Ajay Bijli: 
 
I'll let Gautam answer that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Gautam Dutta: 
So actually advertising, definitely a lot of work needs to be done. And we are very, very 
confident that coming together of PVR and INOX is going to really open up the market for us. 
There is definitely some amount of low lying fruits in terms of price correction and discounting 
correction that could happen. But having said that, we are just waiting for a couple of movies 
back-to-back to start doing well. 
We've got a lot of advertisers back during Pathaan and now with Ranbir Kapoor film, even South 
has seen an influx of all the large advertisers coming back. They are now definitely showing 
interest. I think the journey of getting synergy numbers is definitely on the cards. And I believe 
within the next quarter or so, these synergies would start trickling in, but it will be largely the 
H2 of this year where we'll be able to start scratching the surface and getting ready for the big 
bang numbers. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My last question is to do with the per screen fixed cost structure. How do you foresee that 
going forward, in which particular spend head, do you see costs kind of coming down on a per 
screen basis? 
Nitin Sood: 
It's too early for us to say a comment on anything. I think at this stage, like I said, bulk of the 
savings, if any, will be on removing duplicate costs and getting the supply chain benefits. At 
cinema level, I don't think there is any material difference in our cost structure. But I think in 
corporate and regional costs as we integrate the organizations, there will be some savings. But 
the big focus area right now, I think in the next 9 months is to integrate the organizations right 
given the complexity involved and the synergies will follow post that. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. And one last question, if I can squeeze it in. Any specific item on the balance sheet, which 
comes out as an adjustment or some extraordinary items, which one should be aware of? Post 
the merger? 
Nitin Sood: 
 
On the balance sheet. 
Girish Pai: 
 
Yes, right. Is there any goodwill or…? 
Nitin Sood: 
There will be some transaction related costs, there will be some stamp duty cost, which will be 
one-off, which is relating to the transaction, nothing else other than that. I think both the 
organizations have been running. And we will -- as we announce the numbers for this quarter, 
obviously, there will be synchronization of accounting policies, restatement of some of the 
balance sheet items to bring them to common accounting principles. That's about it, which is 
required, which is typically a part of any merger exercise, but nothing other than that. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a next question from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I had a question on our occupancy. So in the last couple of quarters, we noticed that discretionary 
spends across multiple states have been pretty weak. Do you think that would be a reason 
because of which our occupancies may have got impacted? Now I understand that some of the 
movies have done very well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 11 of 14 
 
But then maybe frequency of the footfall is what maybe gets impacted probably and therefore, 
it gets bunched up in specific movies that do very well. So any thoughts on particular states that 
may have done well or not done if you could share any color through your surveys that you may 
have done? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
Generally, it said about the entertainment business that this is a recession-proof, cricket proof 
business. And we genuinely believe that, that statement is true because when we look at -- we 
have this one property in Sri Lanka and Sri Lanka is the known fact that is has gone through 
some serious financial crisis. But the numbers that we've seen in the calendar year 2022 have 
been the best numbers that we've had in Sri Lanka property, although it also opened in 2019, so 
there is not much of history, but what I'm trying to say is that in spite of a very deep rooted 
financial crisis, cinema has continued to perform in a fantastic fashion. 
In India, I think the problem has been more to do with the number of Hollywood films. There 
was a reduction in quantity. And definitely, there was a decline in the performance of Hindi 
films, which is staple diet as far as Pan-India national chains like PVR, INOX are concerned. 
Also, the mid-level films, which were doing INR 50 crores, INR 60 crores of box office, they 
showed underwhelming performance. 
But like I mentioned earlier, our business has seen these sort of phases earlier, and also, let's not 
forget that COVID was one of the biggest break in this habit of movie going, cinema going that 
we've had in this country or anywhere else in the world. And cinema going is a habit. I mean 
bulk of our business comes from people who come back to theatres frequently watch a lot of 
films in a year. As a result of this break, we've seen some disruption in Hindi films as far as this 
year is concerned, also some bit of disruption in the mid segment films. 
But we also believe that the bounce back will be very sharp. And the reason I'm saying that is 
that when you look at the Hollywood situation, when you look at the North America box office 
the films which have released this year, and I'm referring to the mid-segment films like Puss in 
the Boots, which is an animation film, Creed III, which came out recently. Megan, which came 
out recently another horror firm, A Man Called Otto, which is a very small specialty film almost 
like an art house film, Cocaine Bear, which has no star cast to boast off, Scream VI, which came 
out this last Friday, and it's turned out to be the biggest Scream in the entire franchise, like pre-
COVID this is a sixth Scream, and this is the best in Scream series franchises that. So the 
resurgence in the box office, especially in these mid-level films. 
The big, tentpole films like, Avatar and the similar category of Marvel Films or DC Films, they 
were doing well in any case, but it's the mid-level films which were suffering because of this 
break in the habit. But those firms are coming back in a very-very sharp manner in the North 
American market. We believe our market is ripe for a similar resurgence. It's a matter of time 
when you would start seeing a jump in occupancies as far as the mid-level films are concerned, 
as well as the Hindi films are concerned. And also, the quantity of Hollywood films is slated for 
an increase later this year. 
So we don't believe it's the discretionary spends because our business traditionally has been 
recession-proof. We believe the business will continue to be recession-proof. In fact, if anything, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 12 of 14 
 
it will grow more in times when there is some sort of a financial crisis, people would need more 
escapism. People will tend to go out more with their families and friends. So yes, that's what we 
would like to share. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Pulkit Chawla from Emkay Global. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
So first, on the screen expansion plans, how are you currently looking at adding screens in metro 
cities versus say, Tier 2 or Tier 3 cities? And is there some preference for some particular region 
as well, like you mentioned the South? 
Second, I think with the merger now complete, will you be looking to get more aggressive with 
PVR Pictures with a larger reach and .. for you now? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Yes. I mean out of the 200 screens that we are looking at opening up this year, 44% are in the 
metros and actually majority of them are in the South. I think about 30%-35% or 40% almost in 
the Southern region where the business remains robust in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra, 
Telangana, and Kerala. There, the business still remains very robust, regional movies are doing 
well. There's a lot of focus of screen additions in the Southern region. In Tier 1, we have about 
38% screens coming up and between Tier 2 and Tier 3, about 17%-odd screens are coming up. 
Of course, between both PVR and INOX expansion. 
We're also looking at some new cities that have yet not had a multiplex experience. Since India 
is a very large country and under-screened country, and we are looking at places like, Patna, 
we're opening sometime soon, Ajmer, and some very small places in South India also, like, 
Tirupur and Machilipatnam, where there is -- these are the places which are yet to see a retail 
and a multiplex revolution. So these are the some new places, both in South and other parts of 
the country, where we're also focusing on screen expansion. 
And the second part was PVR Pictures. Yes, we are getting some good opportunities for PVR 
Pictures also. We are looking at scaling up both our English and Hindi and even regional 
business. English films, of course, we sub-distributed everything, everywhere all at once, and 
The Whale, which won the Oscars just yesterday. We have a line-up of Lionsgate films for the 
whole year. We're releasing John Wick on the 24th of March, which is a very big franchise, 
amongst many other English films. 
On an average, we release at least one film every two weeks. Hindi films, we've had a big hit in 
November with Drishyam 2, which did an All-India box office of about INR 250 crores. And 
we're following that up now in March, end of March 30th March, we have Bhola with Ajay 
Devgan once again, and we're in talks with various other producers, Hindi and regional, for 
augmenting our local film distribution business as well. So there are a lot of opportunities 
coming our way. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Preet Malde from Centra Advisors LLP. 
Preet Malde: 
So the approach of INOX and PVR has been different historically when it comes to opening up 
new properties. INOX has more or less refrained from paying a high premium for premium 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 13 of 14 
 
properties and PVR has not, if we look at it historically. So how will our approach be from now 
on when we'll start operating as a singular brand? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
That's not entirely true. I think in the INOX portfolio also there's been a lot of premium offerings 
and products like Insignia. There's an Insignia in Mumbai, in Nariman Point, Metro Cinema is 
very premium. In Gurgaon there's an Insignia which is very premium. So I think both companies 
have had a mixed bag of products and cinema classification.  
And going forward, I think we're looking at each and every city, each and every catchment within 
the city, the mall specifications where we are housed, the catchment around that mall, and then 
therefore looking at decisions of premiumization versus making a mainstream cinema. But I 
think by and large, we are looking at providing a very good high standard of cinema regardless 
of whether it's an Insignia format or a LUXE format or a Directors Cut, which is a super luxury 
format. We're looking at providing a very good high standard of cinema both in terms of interior 
and experience. 
And we have many formats also, IMAX, 4DX, MX4D, Playhouse, Kiddles which we're looking 
at deploying at various cinemas across the country, current and upcoming as well, in order to 
make the experience as good and as comfortable as possible for the patron. 
Preet Malde: 
I think you just misunderstood my question. I was not talking about premium viewing 
experiences, but all in all properties that attract a higher footfall. PVR is ready to pay a higher 
premium for such properties and INOX has usually refrained from it. If we look at it by EV per 
screen perspective, we can see the difference. So how will our approach be from now on? That's 
what I'm asking. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Okay. No, sorry. I think again, going back, there were some properties by INOX also that are 
slightly higher premium paid. But going forward, we have a very robust pipeline now, actually. 
We already have about 160 odd screens under fit out. And going forward also, we have 150, 160 
odd screens that we will be taken for handover sometime soon in H2 of next year. And I think, 
the market has found its level, so to speak, now. 
And going forward, we are getting better deals and better developments to build these 
multiplexes in at just market rates and reasonable rates and nothing which is too high or too 
premium, because I think these developers also realize that they want a good product and a 
premium product for their malls. And we are providing that and providing the footfall that is 
required to irrigate the malls. 
Preet Malde: 
And the new screens that we'll be starting, how will they be branded? Will it be branded as INOX 
PVR or a specific INOX or PVR or a PVR-INOX combined brand? 
Nitin Sood: 
So, I think as of now, all the pipeline that we are executing over the next six months because it's 
already under fit out, will open on an as-is basis. PVR screens will open as PVR, INOX screens 
will open as INOX. I think it is a new handover that we will take now, which will open six, nine 
months later. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR-INOX Limited 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 14, 2023 
Page 14 of 14 
 
There we will have the question of rebranding coming into play. I think we are deliberating on 
that. The going in position was to brand everything as PVR, INOX. That's what we had 
announced when we did the merger. But to be honest, we need to think through the brand strategy 
as we go along. But at least in the near term, next six months, whatever is opening will open as-
is with the existing branding. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Nitin Sood: 
Thank you. I just wanted to thank you for taking out time for the call. And if you have any 
follow-up questions, you can write to us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
