 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
A Joint Venture with abrdn Investment Management Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2022-23/75                                                                        Date – January 27, 2023  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter & nine months ended December 
31, 2022, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on January 24, 2023 which can also be 
accessed on the website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-
presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
Sylvia 
Furtado
Digitally signed by Sylvia Furtado 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=c9f9e85fb09a43f689f38
8d9b8d526e0, 
2.5.4.20=2ba7a70e85420d41db3972
6ef5a05bf9d5b2e3462d9508f4dba36
11a8512d899, postalCode=560087, 
st=Karnataka, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09
c19a36b505d108588ea658a47cf9341
29cd9fc4d51aa71, cn=Sylvia Furtado 
Date: 2023.01.27 18:12:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited  
Q3 FY-23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. 
NAOZAD 
SIRWALLA 
– 
HDFC 
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY LIMITED  
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. From the 
management team, we have Mr. Navneet Munot; Mr. Naozad Sirwalla; 
and Mr. Simal Kanuga. 
I now hand the call over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief, 
following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you. 
And over to you, sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you and good evening everyone. 
Our results for the quarter along with the Business Update Presentation 
is available on our website as well as on the website of exchanges. 
Let us start with a quick overview on the industry: The industry crossed 
the milestone of Rs.40 trillion and closed the quarter with AUM of 
Rs.39.9 trillion and equity AUM of Rs.20.1 trillion. Net new equity 
flows during the quarter summed up to Rs.205 billion, materially lower 
than what we have seen in the previous few quarters. The index fund 
number reported includes both equity and debt index funds. We have 
excluded debt index fund flows, adding up to Rs.177 billion from index 
fund number and have arrived at Rs.205 billion. The comparable number 
for quarter ending September 2022 and June 2022 were approximately 
Rs.346 billion and Rs.642 billion. Net flows in debt index fund for 
September and June quarter are estimated as difference in AUM of debt 
index fund at the end of the quarter versus beginning of the quarter, as 
large part of this growth is through inflows. We continue to observe 
negative correlation between flows and markets in the short-term. So, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 28 
rapidly rising market tends to see muted gross flows and increased 
redemptions and vice-versa. 
Debt funds continue to witness outflows. During the quarter, debt funds 
for the industry experienced an outflow of Rs.152 billion. However, the 
rate of outflows decreased from Rs.293 billion in quarter-ended 
September 2022. We should ideally evaluate flows into debt funds along 
with flows in debt index funds and debt ETFs. So, for the current quarter 
net flows into debt funds, including flows into debt index fund and debt 
ETF, the number is positive; Rs.103 billion. 
Liquid funds for the quarter saw net outflow of Rs.12 billion as against 
net inflow of Rs.191 billion for the quarter ended September '22. 
Others as a category, which includes ETF, arbitrage and fund of funds, 
investing overseas, saw inflows of Rs.100 billion.  
Individual folios for the industry crossed 140 million mark and 
individual investors contributed 57.8% to industry's monthly average 
AUM for December '22. 
Inflows through SIPs continued on their upward trajectory to be at 
Rs.135.73 billion for the month of December 2022. The number for 
September 2022 was Rs.129.76 billion. Also, the total number of 
outstanding SIP account for the industry crossed 60 million mark during 
the quarter. 
Now we are moving to us, At the end of quarter ended December 2022, 
our total AUM stood at Rs.4,481 billion, with a market share of 11.2%. 
Our market share excluding ETF on quarterly average AUM basis stood 
at 12.5%, and on closing AUM basis at 12.7%. We closed the quarter 
with an actively managed equity oriented AUM at Rs.2,314 billion, with 
a market share of 11.8%. On debt, our market share for the quarter-end 
stood at 13.5%, while for liquid it was 14.9%. Our unique investors grew 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 28 
to 6.3 million in current quarter as compared to 6.1 million for quarter-
ended September 2022. 
Inflows through systematic transactions continue to remain robust as we 
process 4.13 million transactions, totaling to Rs.15.7 billion in month of 
December 2022 versus 3.91 million transactions, totaling to Rs.14.3 
billion in the month of September 2022. 
Our SIP book commitment for more than 10 years, stands tall at 77% 
and our SIP AUM as of 31st December 2022 stood at Rs.848 billion. 
Our asset mix further tilted towards equity. Contribution of equity-
oriented assets to a closing AUM for the quarter ended-December 2022 
stood at 54.5%. 
Before we move to financials, a quick update on new launches and our 
subsidiary in GIFT City. We continued on our journey of expanding our 
product range. During the quarter, we launched the thematic fund, that 
is, HDFC Business Cycle Fund. The fund saw healthy interest both from 
distribution partners and investors. We got over 110,000 applications 
and the AUM of Rs.23.4 billion during the NFO. 
We also launched multiple debt index funds. For our wholly owned 
subsidiary, that is HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited, in GIFT 
City, we have onboarded two experienced and eminent independent 
directors; we have got in Mr. Shyamak Tata (ex-Chairman of Deloitte 
India) and Mr. Vijay Karnani (ex co-chief executive officer of Goldman 
Sachs India operations and head of securities division). The subsidiary 
in GIFT is aimed at targeting India-focused global capital, along with 
targeting a pie of LRS capital flowing out of India. We have identified 
principal officer and have also identified one more resource for our 
GIFT City company. We'll keep you posted as we progress further on 
this.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 28 
Now, quick update on financials: For the first nine months of the current 
financial year, we have reported total revenue of Rs.18,448 million and 
our operating revenue increased by 2% year-on-year. We reported 
operating profit of Rs.11,600 million versus Rs.11,595 million for the 
nine months of last fiscal, and profit after tax of Rs.10,478 million as 
compared to Rs.10,496 million last year. 
In terms of quarterly numbers, revenue from operations increased by 
2%, while profit after tax reported an increase of 3% on YoY basis. Our 
operating profit margin as a basis point of AUM, stood at 36 basis points 
for the nine months ended December '22 with operating revenue margin 
at 50 basis points, that is of AUM. 
We will take a pause there. Thank you very much, everyone. Navneet 
and Naozad are very much here to take questions if any. So, Nirav, we 
can start lining up the queue. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
So, I have three questions. One, was on the debt AUM side. So, we 
continue to see outflows both for industry and for us. Great, if you can 
take us through what's happening with the yields improvement like, 
shouldn't we start seeing some inflows from lower yielding assets to the 
debt side. Second was on our market share, if you look at the month of 
December, there was a sharp improvement. Is it because of the launch 
of the business cycle fund or it is a mixture of both the improvement in 
the performance and usual inflow in the existing schemes? And third 
was, if you look at for us from 2018, the operating profits are kind of 
stagnant. From here on, what would be the improvement in the profit 
both for HDFC AMC, because like earlier the challenge was the market, 
now we are kind of seeing some green shoot in terms of improvement in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 28 
the market share, now, from hereon how do we look at the profit growth 
levers? 
Navneet Munot: 
As Simal mentioned earlier that debt funds have witnessed outflows and 
I think overall outflows were 152 billion. Though the rate of outflows 
has come down from the September quarter, now, we also have to see 
the overall debt fund flows along with the flows into the debt index fund 
and the debt ETFs. So, if we adjust for that, including flows into the debt 
index fund and debt ETF, they saw net inflow of 103 billion. But you're 
right. Overall, I think with interest rates have been inching up over the 
last several quarters and given the pressure from the competing 
instruments like deposit rates have gone up, there has been pressure on 
the overall net flows. Going forward, there could be factors which could 
be favorably placed for the overall fixed income market. I think CPI has 
eased from the peak, and is likely to ease further in view of softening 
momentum, lower input price pressure and correction in international 
commodity prices. I think, overall, most of the major central banks, 
including RBI seem to be close to their peak policy rates in our view. 
And with that, over a period of time, if the yields remain range-bound 
with a slight downward bias. As and when the downward bias starts, 
there is a possibility that investors come back into the longer-dated debt 
funds also. Your second question was on the flows, the equity market 
share and all. And you said that whether business cycle, NFO has helped. 
Of course, the business cycle NFO has helped. It was received very well 
by our distribution partners as well as our investors. But flows have been 
good in all the other products as well. I think strong performance across 
categories and I would add that vindication of our stance on portfolio 
construct is getting well recognized both by our distribution partners as 
well as clients, and they should further enhance marketability of our 
products. I think top-tier performance coupled with new product 
launches, expanding our product offering both on the active side as well 
as passive side, significantly enhanced marketing and communication 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 28 
efforts, further deepening of engagement with our distribution partners, 
strengthened digital platform, I think all of this should help us further. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, I think in the last couple of quarters we mentioned about that, as 
you are aware like post Rs.5,000 crores of AUM, multiple of every 
Rs.5,000 crores does dilute overall TER by two, three basis points. And 
during this quarter, we saw three of our large funds; balanced advantage, 
mid cap opportunities, and flexi cap, crossing that hurdle. So, these three 
funds are like nearly half of our overall AUM. We do tend to rationalize 
commissions on new flows into the funds, but that impact will be visible 
only over a period of time and I must add this is that it is neither practical 
nor prudent to keep adjusting book commissions based on this AUM 
change. Secondly, the commission that we pay on flows is higher than 
that of book. I think there's a point we have repeated several times. So 
yes, there is dilution. The pace of this dilution was rapid in the last 
financial year. As you would remember, we mentioned earlier that gross 
flows as percentage of beginning of the year AUM was 45% approx. In 
the current year, the same is somewhere in early 20s. So, I mentioned 
this in past and will want to reiterate that our margins over long term 
will be determined by the asset mix, coupled with flows and churn. And 
I belong to the school of thought that states that volumes will more than 
compensate for loss in margins. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Just a follow up, one on the market share. One of the new launch of 
products, unlike the industry, which in 2021 we saw a lot of NFOs 
coming in and there were a lot of commission pressure for the industry. 
Now when we are launching products at this point of time when the 
interest is not as high as say it was in 2021, so does it also mean that our 
commissions are not as bad say that they were in say 2021? Any sense 
on the intensity of the distribution commission for the new products? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, as we've been stating for the past couple of quarters, things are 
getting better on this front. And let me illustrate through a data point, the 
TER of our recently concluded business cycle fund, NFO, came to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 28 
around 55, 56 basis points. Comparable numbers say for our multi-cap 
fund, which we launched in December of 2021 was approximately 40 
basis points. And that number even then was higher than most of the 
peer funds launched during that period. I am of the opinion that this is 
still well below our desired TER, keeping in perspective the kind of cost 
and other investments expected out of top-tier asset management 
companies like us. I think we also need to keep in mind, actually a low 
direct TER, which is due to high commissions, hurts our distribution 
fraternity in medium to longer term more than anyone else. I have 
mentioned this point to all our distribution partners, customers may opt 
for direct plan if the difference is materially large, and most of the 
distribution partners do understand and appreciate the same. And I am 
of belief that it will fall in balance over the next few quarters. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
My point is on the fact that our margins have kind of now stabilized, and 
over the period of time they should improve with the equity mix getting 
better. My question was, apart from your margins being stable, do we 
also see any levers on the cost side, which can help us grow our profits 
faster than our AUM? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think, as I said, there is asset mix keeps improving, also depends on the 
flows in NFOs versus flows in the existing fund. I think some of those 
will determine the operating revenue side. And I think as of now, in the 
last few quarters, we have seen increased spending on business 
promotion, marketing, and then the digital and tech capabilities and once 
that stabilizes, we assume that there would be potential for us to have a 
better picture on that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
On the AUM mix, currently, we have about like 53% to 54% of our 
AUM coming from the equity side. So just wanted to understand like, 
from a medium-term perspective, where would this share go because 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 28 
increasingly in the industry, there's this rising share of the passive AUM. 
So, just wanted to understand on this front, like how do we see this going 
ahead? 
Navneet Munot: 
One would assume that given the SIP book and given a huge under-
penetration of equity products in household balance sheet and plus the 
mark-to-market would be much faster in equity compared to debt. And 
then so, logically speaking, equity should grow faster than the debt 
AUM. Having said that, I must mention this; total mutual fund industry 
debt AUM was around Rs.10 lakh crores when bank deposits reached 
100 lakh crores levels sometime, in 2016 or so. Since then, the debt 
AUM of the industry has grown to around 14 lakh crores while the bank 
deposits have grown from 100 lakh to 170 lakh crores. So, debt AUM 
as a percentage of bank deposits has actually come down. So, there is a 
lot of potential even on the fixed income side. Given our brand, our long-
term track record, our product range, our processes, etc., I think there's 
a lot of potential for us to grow on the fixed income side as well. If you 
look at the number of folios on the fixed income in industry, out of the 
14 crores folios, less than 6% are in fixed income and liquid funds. So, 
there's tremendous opportunity on that side as well. Our idea would be 
to participate in the growth of each and every segment. Having said that, 
as I said, if I think statistically over a period of time, the equity 
proportion within the AUM should increase faster. 
Lalit Deo: 
On the flow side, so, in this quarter, we have seen a sharp increase in our 
SIP flow market share. So, could you also indicate how is the market 
share trending qualitatively in terms of the lump sum gross flows, and 
how is it going in terms of redemptions? 
Navneet Munot: 
SIP now accounts are much larger share of the overall flows, I mean, if 
you see the flows in the last quarter that Simal mentioned, and you look 
at the SIP monthly number of last three months, they are accounting for 
bulk of the overall flows as the non-SIP flows have slowed down. For 
us, I think over the last couple of quarters, we have made good progress 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 28 
in building our SIP book. I think we have been one of the fund houses, 
which have been a pioneer on that front, we were one of the early ones 
too as a proponent of the power of long-term compounding and SIP. And 
as our performance has improved across all categories, and with the 
higher engagement with our distribution partners, and all the other 
efforts that I mentioned earlier, including the new product launches or 
improvement in our digital platform, in fact, the transition from 
customer service to customer delight that we've been talking about over 
the last few quarters, all of them are helping us and growing faster on 
the SIP book as well. That's been one of the major focus areas for HDFC 
AMC, and I think even the next several quarters that will always remain 
one of the focus areas to keep building our SIP book. 
Lalit Deo: 
There seems to be some pickup in the other OPEX in this quarter. So, 
how do you see this number going ahead in 4Q and also for FY'24? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I think other expenses are partly attributed to expenses that we incur for 
our NFO, driving user experience by refreshing our digital assets, some 
expenses towards setup of our subsidiary in GIFT, new schemes in 
passive funds, IT infrastructure, we've been discussing, there is some 
incremental CSR, etc., But if you take a view of the expenses CAGR 
over three years, excluding CSR, it's about 7%-odd. So, over a three-
year view considering the COVID year in between, that's where the 
expense increases are. I think going forward, some of the investments as 
you said will continue on the digital front and on the IT infrastructure 
where we continue to invest. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from CLSA India. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
First is that I just wanted to get a sense of when the HDFC Bank become 
your parent. What kind of synergies do you expect to derive from that 
and once the merger is complete, do you expect your banca channel to 
grow faster than your overall AUM? And second question is regarding 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 28 
your new initiatives. so, if you could indicate some sort of a timeline 
when new initiatives start to give material kicker in terms of your 
revenue and profits? 
Simal Kanuga: 
You would agree, HDFC Bank is a formidable distribution machine, if 
we look at the overall branch network, the number of clientele and there 
is tremendous potential for us to grow within that. We will put in enough 
and more effort to capitalize on the opportunity. We would like to 
believe that synergies will increase and impact if any should be only 
positive. In terms of efforts, as you asked, I think, we are seeing material 
improvement in the engagement at all levels and we'll continue to work 
on strengthening it further. 
Mohit Surana: 
And on your new initiatives, when do we start to see some kicker in 
terms of revenues, profits? 
Navneet Munot: 
On the alternative side, all the initiatives we are taking on that front, our 
fund of funds that we talked about in the last quarter has been launched 
now. The initial response is very encouraging, both from distribution 
partners as well as our clients. In terms of material impact on the top line 
or bottom line, I think these initiatives won't really give material kicker 
in the near-term. I mean, these are businesses that we will build and 
result should follow over the next few years. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Mohit, just to expand from what Navneet stated, right, we are a large top 
line company. So even if we kind of build these businesses with say 20, 
30 crores kind of an incremental fees, even if that comes by over a period 
of next couple of years, won't really move the needle. But we are kind 
of establishing these businesses from a perspective of next three, five 
years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 28 
Madhukar Ladha: So first, we understand the pressure on equity yields. Are we seeing 
anything playing out on the debt, liquid and the ETF other category, are 
we seeing any change in yields over there? There was an expectation 
that with increased interest rates, asset management companies would 
be able to charge a little extra on fixed income yields. So, has that started 
playing out, any chance? And second, on the admin and other OPEX, 
you mentioned that there were certain additional expenses. Can you sort 
of quantify them in terms of how much is for CSR and how much is for 
the subsidiary formation, any sense that could help us what will be the 
recurring versus some one-time items this time around? And last 
question is on the other income. Interest rates moved up this quarter as 
well. So, I thought that there would be some mark-to-market impact. I 
wanted to get a sense on what drove the other income in terms of mark-
to-market on the fixed income side versus equity side. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yield for debt did not have much change actually, some money that has 
moved to debt index funds actually does put some additional pressure, 
but otherwise, the product margins on a standalone basis are very much 
similar to what it has been in the last few quarters, not much change. 
You said that whether higher yields will result in our ability to charge 
higher. What happens is that while the current yield of the portfolios has 
gone up in line with increase in interest rates, but if we look at the NAV 
movement, because of the MTM movement, the last one-year returns 
wouldn't be what investors would be seeing when they compare that 
with the current yield of the portfolio, and even otherwise, the margins 
don't move in that fashion, not much of change on that front. Your 
second question on the expense side. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I think at this point, it will be appropriate for us to give us a 
breakdown on the expenses. Anyway, it will be available at the end of 
the year as part of the annual report, right. And CSR is part of the 
regulation, it's a computed number on its own. Yes, we sort of get the 
details in the annual report. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 28 
Madhukar Ladha: On the NFO-related expenses, could you quantify that? 
Simal Kanuga: 
We don't get into those finer breakups. So, if you can just excuse us for 
that, please. 
Madhukar Ladha: On the other income part, if you could help me? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Other income is similar to what we made in Q2 actually give or take 
Rs.100 crores and it includes gains on our equity AUM, which is part of 
the skin in the game investment that we have and on the debt. So 
actually, given the duration that we are in, we didn't see any major MTM 
loss on the debt portfolio in fact for the quarter, that's why it's almost 
similar to Q2 other income.  
Madhukar Ladha: Could you split between equity and debt of the other income? 
Simal Kanuga: 
We have not gone to that finer thing. Anyways, see, equity is like hardly 
about Rs.300-odd crores. So, out of the 5,500-crores odd of our asset 
book, 300 crores are in equity. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha:              Just one thing on the unique investors side. So, what I see is that our share 
of unique investors is going down sequentially. So, wanted to 
understand, how to read this, does this mean that the new people who 
are coming to the market, the distributors have kind of more focused on 
maybe smaller funds where their commissions would be higher, given 
that our performances have also inched up and we are giving top quartile 
performance in most of the categories, why is this share not increasing? 
Second is on the employee benefits side. Last quarter you had mentioned 
the focus on not kind of stepping down on this side because you want to 
invest in talent. So, this quarter the number was slightly lower. So, 
ideally, we should expect it to be a higher run rate going ahead, right. 
So, wanted to clarify that? Again, just on the other income side, just to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 28 
clarify, there are no one-offs in this number, right, so, we should kind of 
broadly expect this to be a run rate given that there are no significant ups 
and downs in yields or market volatility? 
Navneet Munot: 
First, on the unique investors, our unique investors as identified by PAN 
grew to 6.3 million in December '22, against 6.1 million in September 
'22. So, that's a growth of about 0.2 million investors as against industry 
growth of about 0.7 million which is roughly almost 30%-plus share. So, 
that trend has reversed and clearly very-very positive now for us in terms 
of incremental addition of unique investors. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
For the employee cost, if you see, nine months-to-nine months period, 
and if you exclude the ESOP charges, I think it's about 10%, that's the 
sort of way I would look at it on a nine-month basis rather than on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Swarnabha:                 On the other income side, if you can just highlight the sustainability? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
As we explained, the other income is linked to our investments, where 
you have the breakup in the deck that we circulate. So, it is a function of 
markets across both equity and debt asset classes, and it will move in 
trend with the market growth. 
Swarnabha:               I just wanted to understand, given this quarter, maybe there was nothing 
very sharp both on the fixed income side or the equity side. So, in an 
absence of any kind of such volatilities, should we then expect that given 
that now the size of the book has also increased, so what used to be 
maybe 60 crores to 80 crores kind of run rate in a normal scenario, that 
could well be in this 100 crores kind of a number at a quarter run rate? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
It is a function of yields and how markets react on equity and debt, right. 
As we said, you can extrapolate it based on what market yields are. But 
beyond that, you can comment on market movements, the data is there 
for you to extrapolate. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 28 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of the Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just two questions from my side. You don't report the equity on a flow 
basis, but qualitatively, can you give some color on your equity flow 
share compared to your equity AUM market share and how it has 
changed especially on the flow side? YoY or YTD? My second question 
is, during your last NFO and also during this current quarter NFO, what 
we've seen is the increase folio count almost double or maybe 
marginally lower and your increase in unique customer count. So, would 
you give some color on within your NFO what will be the share of 
existing customers who contributed to the NFO or some break up on the 
channel side for the particular NFO, if you can give some qualitative 
color on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
Business cycle NFO, almost 30% of the customers were new if I 
remember correctly. And your other question was on equity flow share. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Dipanjan, we have always abstained from really kind of commenting on 
the net flow share for reasons that we have already explained earlier. But 
we can tell you that the flow share for us now is definitely much healthier 
than what it used to be. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Hiral Desai from Anived Portfolio. 
Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
So actually, just going back to sort of what Kunal was asking earlier on 
the operating profit growth, now for a while it has actually trailed the 
AUM growth. So, I understand that certain funds have you gone above 
a particular threshold, which is kind of affecting the yield. But, if I look 
at yield for nine months of this year versus nine months of last year, it's 
more or less flat or has in fact improved. Now, the other determinant of 
operating profit is obviously expenses. So, how long are you 
comfortable with a scenario wherein you know the AUM is growing, but 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 28 
the operating profit is actually not growing on a YoY basis, because 
there are two parts to it, right; one is growing the AUM also and growing 
profitably, so just wanted to get your thoughts on that. 
Navneet Munot: 
One of the things I mentioned apart from that angle of the 5,000 crores 
of AUM and multiple of every 5,000 crores does dilute the overall TER 
by two, three basis points. Also, the second important thing is that 
commissions that we pay on flows is higher than that of the book. When 
the gross flows as percentage of the AUM are higher, which was like 
almost 45% approx. then, now of course it's come down and in early 
20s, over a period of time, I think it should stabilize. 
Hiral Desai: 
Navneet, a lot of that will already be in the base, right, for the nine 
months number because obviously this pressure was much more 
relevant the year back versus where it is right now. So, wouldn't be the 
FY'24 base sort of become more favorable if we were to just compare it 
like-to-like? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No. Why would you say that? 
Hiral Desai: 
No-no, I'm saying the incremental flow as a percentage of the overall 
book. You mentioned that the number was 45% last year, which has now 
come off to about 20%, 25% this year, which essentially means that the 
pressure that you would see on pricing on a YoY basis, because see, the 
45% of fresh flows that came in let's say in FY'22 is already actually in 
the base of FY'23, right. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Let's look at what has happened in the last six-odd months, like one year 
returns if you look at for most of our equity funds are up by 10% to 15%. 
So, mark-to-market change has diluted our yield by three, four basis 
points. Now, if 50% of my AUM has had a dilution of yield of say three 
basis points, that would actually mean that I lost 1.5 basis points on the 
entire corpus. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 28 
Hiral Desai: 
But, Simal, that is not visible in the nine months yield number no, 
because – 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, it is. So, if you look at for example, our revenue from operations, if 
you look at nine months number, it is 1,626 crores versus 1,599 crores, 
so the growth has been 2%. Now compare that with the growth in the 
AUM and look at the growth of the equity AUM. So, you will get all of 
those numbers, then you will be able to reconcile. 
Hiral Desai: 
No, no, but if I look at the average yield, I think it's been in that 51 to 52 
basis points. Now the AUM growth this year is slower because we have 
seen an outflow in the debt AUM, right? 
Simal Kanuga: 
That's what I'm saying. So, what has happened is the margin has got 
diluted despite the asset mix changing in favor of equity. Let's assume 
that the margins were constant, with the equity AUM growing by 15% 
on the QAUM on YoY basis, that 50 should have gone up materially, 
right. So that's where the impact is coming from. If you look at the 
operating revenue, that has just gone up by 2%-odd for the nine months 
period. And even if you look at Q3 FY'22, and '23, again, the increase 
has just been about 2% despite a 15% growth in the equity AUM. So, 
some bit of contraction, you're seeing 50 remaining 50, thankfully, 
because asset mix fall in our favor. 
Hiral Desai: 
So, assuming that the debt piece will come back a bit in FY'24, you will 
tend to see some more pressure on the yield on an overall basis? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, so, if debt becomes a larger part of our overall AUM, with equity 
remaining constant, in terms of yield, the statistical number, answer is 
yes, but obviously the profits overall there will be a positive 
contribution.  
Hiral Desai: 
And if this gap sort of sustains for the next couple of years wherein the 
operating profit growth actually trails the AUM growth, you guys are 
comfortable with that? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Simal Kanuga: 
That is the nature of this business, right. At some point in time, it's not 
about being comfortable, but I think as Navneet mentioned, right, in one 
of the earlier questions, saying that, we are of the opinion that over a 
period of time, the growth in the AUM will itself compensate for loss in 
margin and thereby the overall profit number should see healthy 
increase. 
Hiral Desai: 
Could you just remind us on the specially managed accounts and the 
PMS AUM, you've seen a sharp year-over-year decline, what led to that? 
Actually, the number last quarter was also much lower. 
Simal Kanuga: 
That's right. We commented on that last quarter. There were a couple of 
these large accounts who took a call of taking money off the table from 
India, and we lost those mandates. 
Hiral Desai: 
Any initiatives that you're taking on that side to basically revive the 
AUM growth? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Answer is absolutely yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
We mentioned about the steps we are taking on the side, and also over a 
period of time as interest comes back and given our long-term 
performance track record, I think our team, processes and given our 
brand, I think we expect that over the years, we should be able to garner 
money from global investors investing into India through us. 
Hiral Desai: 
And the GIFT FOF AUM will be a part of this especially managed pool 
or a part of the --? 
Navneet Munot: 
No-no, FOF has nothing to do with GIFT. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari from Pictet Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kothari: 
I have two questions. The first was on the SIP outflows again. There 
were some news articles about the SIP outflows. Will you be able to 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 28 
share some data on what is the kind of roughly the amount of outflows 
that are there on SIP? 
Navneet Munot: 
Are you mentioning to the SIP cancellations have gone up, right? 
Prashant Kothari: 
Yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
What we have disclosed is the money that we have received on account 
of SIP on actual flows basis. The total systematic transactions which 
include both SIP as well as Systematic Transfer Plan (STP). 
Prashant Kothari: 
But, what is our usual experience, like when the SIP tenure is over after 
whatever three, five years, does the money usually stay in or do people 
tend to kind of move out to something else? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, it's not that somebody has done a three-year SIP and after the three 
years are over they will pull out that money, not necessarily. I think a lot 
of that money stays in the system and grows over a period of time. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Actually, Prashant, SIP AUM is 6.7 lakh crores. For the industry, you 
might just want to look at slide #7 of our presentation where if you look 
at the AUM that came in via SIP mode, the number was Rs.5.7 trillion 
for December of 2021, for December of 2022, that number actually was 
6.7 trillion. So, the growth has been fairly healthy in terms of the SIP 
AUM. Even if you look at monthly flows, what we saw was Rs.113 
billion in December '21, that number for the industry was 136 billion in 
December of '22. So, these are actually net numbers, so that will give 
you an indication. 
Prashant Kothari: 
Second question was on employee cost side. Now that the engine is 
working much better than what it used to, I would think that the 
employees would also demand more increments and some of our 
employee costs kind of flat year-over-year. How are you managing that, 
could that a source of risk in future? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 28 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I think cost inflation on the employee side is something which is true for 
the sector as a whole and financial services as well as our sector. So that 
is something we have to factor in when we sit through our planning for 
the next year. Difficult to give a specific number, but yes, it will tend to 
go up a bit is what we feel from what we've done for the last nine months, 
is around 10%, give or take around that range or a little bit more. 
Prashant Kothari: 
I am sorry, 10% is – 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
For the nine months period, the cost is up by 10%. If we take that as a 
base for next year, we would assume that it would be in a similar zip 
code. We have to apply sort of full study on that, but we believe this is 
what we should expect for next year. 
Prashant Kothari: 
Last question is on your market share. Are you happy with the kind of 
sales performance because obviously investment side has done very 
well, but do you think the sales side also kind of done as well, are you 
happy with the market share that you've gained so far in this good period 
for your investments? 
Navneet Munot: 
Our expectations are always higher, and I think our brand, our franchise, 
our distribution network, and the quality of our people, I think on the 
ground, their engagement with the distributors, and all the other things 
that we have in terms of our digital assets, in terms of our client servicing 
capability, etc., over a period of time, our expectations would be higher 
than where we are today. But, we are moving in the right direction, that 
makes us happy, but we are always hungrier to get a lot more than where 
we are today. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Prashant, if I can just add, basically the sales market share zooms up 
with a lag after performance gets recognized. So, if you look at, the 
performance for us has turned around somewhere starting mid of 2021. 
So, the one-year number started looking good somewhere in mid of '22. 
And now if you look at it, maybe in this quarter or the quarter next, we'll 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 28 
start seeing improvement in various ratings. And that generally tends to 
kind of get our funds into the selected list of various large banks and 
national distributors. So, we have just come out getting there and 
hopefully, that should have that a positive impact in times to come. 
Prashant Kothari: 
The thought was that the performance tends to be cyclical in this 
industry, and therefore, you only have a limited time window in which 
to kind of regain your market share. Are you kind of doing enough on 
that or not? 
Simal Kanuga: 
We can say that we are doing enough for sure. Let's hope the numbers 
follow. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
I had a couple of questions. Firstly, if I look at the mix of equity, so that 
has really gone up on a YoY basis. But if I look at the share of MFDs 
and looking at the equity side, that has gone down in favor of direct and 
national distributors. Is there any change that's happening on this side 
where the share of MFDs is reducing, and the focus on direct and 
national distributors is kind of increasing, and how do we see this going 
ahead? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Not a big change. So, if you look at it, direct has gone up a bit from 
21.5% in December of '21 to 22.1%, I'm talking about equity-oriented 
AUM. So, if you look at, direct has moved that way, if you look at bank, 
they've been more or less constant; 13.6 versus 13.5, and national 
distributors more or less like 20, 30 basis points, that kind of change 
always can come by. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Simal, the purpose of asking this is, is there something that you guys 
have kind of started paying out more to national distributors, and is there 
a trend change that we can see, and this is just a part of it, and things 
could pan out in a similar direction going ahead? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 28 
Navneet Munot: 
This is on AUM. I think flows won't make so much of difference to that 
and it's hardly any movement, right; 23.4 becoming 23.7. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Secondly, I think you answered this in some form, but just wanted to 
reconfirm this. Now, you're talking about 10% increase in employee cost 
next year, and stating that your expenses on our investments in tech, IT, 
digital will continue to happen. And I'm sure there is a good product 
lineup, if you could also throw that for us that would be helpful. But the 
product lineup would also be there in NFO, that would again the on the 
cost front. So, do you think that this kind of trajectory of flat profitability 
will continue to say possibly even in FY'24? 
Navneet Munot: 
Product lineup, last year, we had eight NFO, this year in last two 
quarters, there were like 16, I think we are more or less done. Among 
the core categories, our product range is now full. On the passive side, 
we have launched lots of product and wherever we had gap in the sector 
and thematic or in international fund, etc., by and large is done. There 
would of course be let's say a series of target maturity funds on the debt 
side, and maybe few other on the passive. But, they don't require much 
of the business promotional expenditure or the advertising budget. So, 
on the new product related expenditure, should slow down quite a bit. 
And on the overall expenditure side, I think I would have mentioned in 
my first call joining, as a culture, we are an extremely frugal 
organization. That culture of frugality is so ingrained in our DNA, that 
will never go away. And this was some of the investments that we had 
to make over the last couple of quarters. Also, you would appreciate the 
fact that post-COVID I think, for one, one and half years where travel 
was restricted, I think the number of events was restricted, our ability to 
move around was limited. And things have opened up in last four to six 
quarters and all of us have been going in and connecting with our 
investors, distribution partners, our own people, and then all of that is 
reflecting in the cost. And, of course, I think in light with the 
technological changes, in light of all the opportunities that can come 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 28 
through better digital engagement or amplifying our distribution with 
more digital support to them, so on and so forth, I think that's an ongoing 
thing, but that's an investment in future. Some of the new things that we 
have started whether it's launch of PMS, I think we launched two 
strategies and hired a resource for that, or the AIF related cost or the 
setup costs for GIFT City and other things, these are all investments in 
future. But I think by and large, the one point I think you need to keep 
in mind is that I think that comes from the group ethos. We have a 
highly, highly frugal culture, and that will never change. I think it's so 
ingrained in each and every person in the organization from top to 
bottom. I think we all need to appreciate that. So, if we are making some 
expenditure, I think you should be rest assured that they are all 
investments in future. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Just a thing to clarify, the 10% that Naozad referred to is for the current 
year. The growth in the first nine months versus what was there for 
December of 2021. As you know, right, we don't tend to give any kind 
of forward guidances. 
Navneet Munot: 
Also, I think the CAGR we gave, I think ex-CSR was like around 7% or 
so. If you look at the total inflation in the country over the last three 
years, you would appreciate that I think we have done a reasonably good 
job on keeping costs under control. We always keep an eye on how the 
flows are moving, how the industry is moving, the prospects in terms of 
the AUM growth and we adjust the trajectory and then we'll keep an eye 
on the growth prospects and accordingly we look at our cost. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vibhooti Jain from Quest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Vibhooti Jain: 
I know you've alluded to this before, but so despite industry-leading 
performance, if you see the share of HDFC Bank in our distribution still 
remains at the similar level. Just wanted if you can give some 
quantitative data on this, for example, if the share from HDFC Bank 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 28 
improved in the new NFO and the gross inflows that have come in the 
quarter and during the last two quarters? 
Navneet Munot: 
Are you referring to the percentage contribution that we get in our equity 
and overall AUM from HDFC Bank? I think with the improvement in 
performance and these product launches, all other distributors have also 
participated, whether be the MFDs or national distributors, all the other 
banks. But, as I mentioned earlier, incrementally we are positive on 
getting better flows from HDFC Bank over a period of time. 
Vibhooti Jain: 
But the new flows that have come in there, the share is still the same that 
was there previously, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. 
Vibhooti Jain: 
How do you target that increasing in the coming quarters, is there some 
set target in your mind? 
Navneet Munot: 
As I mentioned that our engagement has been increasing. As you know, 
that HDFC Bank has been an open architecture for mutual fund 
distribution. So as product performance has improved, it gets products 
in recommended list for their clients. As more products come into the 
recommendation list with improvement in the engagement, over a period 
of time we expect better flows. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan Chase. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh: 
Two questions. One is basically on this dividend. So, is it reasonable 
that like last two years, the dividend growth should be faster than EPS 
growth, your payout can continue to increase because we have added 
cash on balance sheet? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 28 
Navneet Munot: 
I think dividend payout ratio for the last financial year was just a shade 
under 65%. No second guess to the board, but yes, board is cognizant of 
the cash on the balance sheet and the incremental cash flows. 
Saurabh: 
The second is that on this regulation, in December, there were news that 
SEBI has initiated examination of the fees and expenses charged by the 
entities, and given that the AMC structure in India is going to be higher 
versus the rest of the world. Do you think there is a risk of like what we 
saw in 2018 in terms of some fee capping, and also SEBI also done a 
study of the distribution done by banks of their own AMC, is there like 
an opportunity for us? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think you are referring to the press release by SEBI in the last week of 
December that they are conducting a study of fees and expenses charged 
by mutual funds. The regulator is engaging with industry body and is 
evaluating on how to optimize mutual funds from the perspective of all 
stakeholders. Early to expand on this as this is currently being debated 
at various levels. I can definitely state that our regulator is very much 
open to discussion and constructive feedback. So, I will put it this way 
that regulator is mindful of all stakeholders and we'll do the needful 
which will hopefully benefit the entire ecosystem over time and we'll 
keep you posted on the developments on this front. 
Saurabh: 
Any push towards open architecture will be part of that or the current 
structure where other banks continue to be service 90% of their own? 
Navneet Munot: 
We have not heard anything on that front. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
In terms of flexibility to manage retentions in case there are any fresh 
headwinds on the regulatory front, you did talk about tweaking payouts, 
but can you give some more color in terms of how do you manage that 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 28 
balance, do you really have the ability to change the yields on the entire 
book, just some color on that would be really helpful? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, if it is driven by the regulation, then I think the whole industry 
has to follow, right. 
Abhijeet: 
On an ongoing basis, not much really, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
For the better retention? 
Abhijeet: 
No, in terms of let's say the steady decline in retentions because of the 
current regulatory structure itself, is there any more flexibility that you 
can kind of create with your distribution partners in terms of how we 
can, let's say, potentially have a much better balance of how the TER get 
shared between the two partners? 
Simal Kanuga: 
What we are doing in that case is like for the future flows, if the AUM 
go up, and we are kind of seeing some bit of impact on the TER. On 
future flows, we tend to moderate commissions. So, you might see bit 
of a lag effect over a period of 6, 12 months with future flows, that would 
kind of get adjusted, because to keep doing that on a quarterly basis, as 
Navneet mentioned earlier, might not be really a prudent thing to do. 
Abhijeet: 
Just one follow up on the earlier question on the December press release. 
Do you really see any gaps that the regulator is looking to fill up because 
I think one would have thought that the mutual fund product today is a 
very, very clean investment vehicle, but looks like there's still something 
just missing, right? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think press release is in the public domain of the study that the regulator 
is conducting. And as I mentioned earlier, that it's getting debated at 
various levels. And I must say this, I think I mentioned earlier, the 
regulator has always been open to discussion and constructive feedback 
from all stakeholders and I think we have to wait and watch. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 27 of 28 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
abrdn wanted to sell their stake in the company. For that, they said that 
they want to cease being a co-sponsor in HDFC Mutual Fund. I think we 
had moved the regulator for the same. Any update on that? 
Navneet Munot: 
We are waiting the response from the regulator. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Any timeline that you can share, probably in this quarter, you're 
expecting an approval from the regulator and then thereafter it may take 
three months to follow the process? 
Navneet Munot: 
No, we are awaiting the response. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amrish, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Amrish: 
My question is relating to the B-30 market. If you provide some 
qualitative color on what are some of the drivers that HDFC is growing 
faster than the overall and how it is different from the rest? Also, on 
HDFC AMC market share which seems to be flattish. I know you 
mentioned in the last call that this is an area of focus. Any further update 
would you want to share? 
Navneet Munot: 
B-30 and T-30 growth has remained same. You would appreciate that 
there is tremendous potential in B-30, but even T-30 are also 
underpenetrated, I think the overall mutual fund industry is 
underpenetrated and there are opportunities on both sides. In terms of 
newer SIP count, if you look at, I think the B-30 contribution in count, 
not in amount, the contribution has been increasing; so, in the nine 
months ending December '22, in the growth of the SIP count, 60% has 
come from B-30. This number was I think less than 50% in the previous 
financial year for the industry. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
January 24, 2023 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Amrish: 
On AMC market share, is there anything you talk about? 
Navneet Munot: 
Incrementally, slightly better than the industry growth. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing 
comments. 
Navneet Munot: 
I would like to wish everyone a very happy, healthy, purposeful and a 
blissful 2023. All the best. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
