 
Page 1 of 1 
Aether Industries Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. 8203, GIDC Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
Phone: +91-261-6603000  ||  Email: info@aether.co.in  ||  Web: www.aether.co.in  II  CIN: L24100GJ2013PLC073434 
Factory: Plot No. 8203, Beside Shakti Distillery, Near Rajkamal Chokdi, Road No. 8, Sachin GIDC, Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Ref. No.: AIL/SE/102/2022-23 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001, MH. 
 
Scrip Code: 543534 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051, MH. 
 
Symbol: AETHER 
 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Earning Conference Call scheduled 
on Friday, January 20, 2023, on the financial performance of the Company for the Third 
Quarter ended on December 31, 2022 is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to kindly take the information on your records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
For Aether Industries Limited 
 
Chitrarth Rajan Parghi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As attached 
CHITRARTH 
RAJAN 
PARGHI
Digitally signed by 
CHITRARTH RAJAN 
PARGHI 
Date: 2023.01.25 
15:52:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Aether Industries Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. AMAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. FAIZ NAGARIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 
MR. RAVI BHOJANI – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH GHUGE – HDFC SECURITIES LTD. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aether Industries Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by HDFC Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Ghuge. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Thank you, Michel. Good afternoon all. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome everyone to 
this Aether Industries conference call to discuss the results for the quarter and nine-months ended 
December 2022. From Aether Industries, we have with us today; Dr. Aman Desai, Promoter and 
Whole-Time Director, Mr. Rohan Desai, Promoter and Whole-time Director, and Mr. Faiz 
Nagariya, Chief Financial Officer. Without further ado, I will now hand over the floor to Mr. 
Ravi Bhojani, Lead Investor Relations at Aether Industries, to begin with the earnings call for 
Q3 and nine-months FY '23. Over to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Bhojani: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you Nilesh for the introduction. Today, on January 20, 
2023, our Board has approved the results for third quarter and nine months of fiscal year '23, 
which ended on December 31, 2022. 
And we have released the same on stock exchanges as well as updated on the website for the 
review. Please note that this conference call is being recorded, and the transcript of the same will 
be made available on the website of Aether and exchanges. Please also note that the audio of the 
conference call is the copyright material of Aether and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or 
attributed in press or media without specific and written consent of the company.  
Let me draw your attention to the fact on the call. Our discussion will include certain forward-
looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future events. 
These estimates reflect management's current expectation on future performance of the 
company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause 
our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Aether Industries or its 
official does not take any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether 
as a result of future events or otherwise. 
Dr. Aman will begin the call by sharing the ongoing expansions and strategy of the company. 
And Mr. Faiz will cover the financial highlights for the period under review, and Mr. Rohan will 
talk on a high-level overview of Aether's business. Now I hand over the call to Dr. Aman Desai 
to share the update. Over to you, Dr. Aman.  
Aman Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everybody. I hope everybody is doing well and very 
happy to connect with everybody to discuss performance of our company, Aether industries for 
the third quarter of the current fiscal year ‘22 ’23. We have recently launched our Site 3, which 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
is a new greenfield manufacturing site for new products. Trial runs have already started in this 
month and commercial production will also begin in the current month.  
We will step wise start a production of five new advanced pharmaceutical intermediates in this 
new Site 3. All five products will be manufactured for the first time in India by Aether. We also 
have recently got the position of Site 3+, which is a plot of land adjacent to Site 3, where we 
will, in the future, be launching three new products for agrochemicals. As a result of this position 
of an additional land parcel we have thereby significantly increased the size of our Site 3, which 
is very important.  
The three new products of agrochemicals that we will be launching in the Site 3+ in the future 
are in addition to the five new products which we are currently launching in the Site 3. The land 
parcel for the next Greenfield manufacturing site, which is Site 4 has also been increased by us 
from 8,000 square meters to 18,000 square meters are more than double, documentation for the 
position of all the plots and amalgamation of the two plots is going on. 
Our plants, therefore, for the next two Greenfield manufacturing sites, i.e., the aforementioned 
Site 4 in Surat and the Site 5 in Panoli are both simultaneously advancing well, and various 
activities are going on in this regard towards the planning, including civil construction, which is 
initial in nature, product selection, regulatory approval and overall design of these two sites.  
The reason for the large capex, of course, is primarily on the back of robust inquiries and 
outsourcing opportunities and our own robust pipeline of in-house molecules that we have 
selected ourselves, which we have been receiving as well from various customers in the CRAMS 
Business Model, and we remain confident in our abilities to grab these opportunities and work 
with world-class corporate across the sectors in the CRAMS Business Models as well as 
continue with our own in-house pipeline of molecules that we select where we will manufacture 
these products for the first time in India. 
The growth in our CRAMS Business Model is also continuously on the rise in the current 
financial year, and the demand for the products and contract manufacturing are also increasing 
quarter-on-quarter. We have also recently made a few public announcements in this regard, 
which reflect this continuous growth. We remain upbeat and positive on this business model for 
future outlook.  
As in the last quarter, we continue to see a significant upward trend in inquiries, customer 
additions, previous contract renewals and actual business being translated into revenues in both 
these business models of CRAMS, which leads into contract and exclusive manufacturing.  
We've added several new customers in this quarter, which are three in CRAMS and seven in 
large two manufacturing, a total of 10 new customers added in this quarter. R&D expenditure is 
significant. And for the nine-months, for the current fiscal year, this stands at 7.7% of our 
revenues. This includes revenue, plus capital expenditures.  

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
The strength of the R&D team has also increased from 164 in March of 2022 to currently 207 in 
December 2022 with four new senior scientists, including three PhD project leaders who have 
already joined us in the last quarter.  
Our three business models continue to be robust, and we are seeing growth in all business 
models. Large manufacturing business model contribution will increase by the end of this fiscal 
year as the new products are being launched in Site 3, which are of high value and with existing 
high demand in the market. The pipeline in R&D remains backed for future molecules with plans 
to launch these molecules in the upcoming years in the new Site 4 and Site 5 Greenfield 
manufacturing sites as well as the Site 3+.  
So, with that, I will now request our CFO, Faiz Nagariya, to share the financial highlights of the 
quarter 3 of the current fiscal year. Faiz, over to you.  
Faiz Nagariya: 
Thank you, Dr. Aman. Good afternoon, all of you, and I hope you all have been great. I take this 
pleasure in presenting the quarter 3 results of the company, which have been very good for us. 
The company has recorded a total revenue of 1,705 million in Q3 of financial year '23, which 
has shown, which is a growth of 16% compared to 1,466 million in quarter 2 of the same 
financial year, and it is around 11% growth, which compared with the last year's same quarter. 
We are seeing growth in all the business segments in the quarter, as already informed by Dr. 
Aman. The company has earned a healthy EBITDA of INR 507 million, which is 29.7% of the 
revenues in quarter 3 of financial year '23, which has grown by 17% compared to the last quarter 
of financial year '23 and by 22% compared to the quarter 3 of financial year '22.  
The PAT of the company has been also increased because of this EBITDA and good revenues. 
It is 350 million in quarter 3 of financial year ‘23 which has increased by 38% as compared to 
the last year's quarter 3 of financial year '22 and 29% as compared to the last quarter of the 
current financial year. The total revenues of INR 4,833 million in the nine-months financial year 
'23, which is 8% increase compared to the nine-months of last year. 
The capex for the Site 3 Greenfield project is almost completed, and we are now planning for 
the capex on Site 3+, which will be around 600 million to 700 million for the launch of the three 
new products, which has been referred by Dr. Aman. This will be funded partly from under 
accruals and partly from the term loans from the banks. 
Overall, a successful quarter for Aether Industries and for the investors to be cheering for after 
the first two quarters being almost flat. Now I'll request Mr. Rohan Desai to talk on a high level  
overview of the business. Thank you. 
Rohan Desai: 
Thank you, Faiz, for the financial highlights. In terms of the demand, we have seen a good 
growth in quarter 3 compared to the first half of the financial year. We are seeing strong demand 
for our products and expect the demand growth to continue, and we are not seeing any signs of 
slowdown from our customers in the West. 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
For our products, the end prices have been fairly stable across the board. On the raw material 
front, we are seeing the price getting stabilized, which will aid to our margins going forward. As 
mentioned by Aman, we have been seeing a great traction from customers based out of Europe 
and USA, especially for the CRAMS business. With the gas crisis in Europe, we are seeing 
significant increase in the opportunities from the CRAMS a business. This is, to a certain extent, 
being demonstrated by our recent announcements with respect to the partnership with Polaroid 
Group and an increase in business from our existing agrochemical customers. 
Coming to our three independent business models in nine months ending of financial year 2022 
to '23, we have seen 50% of our total top line coming from large-scale manufacturing business 
model, where we anticipate good future growth due to the launch of new products in the 
greenfield manufacturing 5, 3. 13% of our total top line comes out of contract research and 
manufacturing services business model and our third business model, which is contract exclusive 
manufacturing contributed to 35% of our total top line.  
Our endeavor is to achieve balance between large-scale manufacturing business model, CRAMS 
and contracts / exclusive manufacturing so that we are not dependent on any single business 
model. Our sales mix stands at Pharma 42%, Agro 36%, material science 5%, and High-
performance photographs 6%, coatings 3%; and others, including oil and gas at 7%. Our exports 
stand at 70%, which includes exports to SEZ and EOU units in India and domestic sales stands 
at 30%. 
Exports outside the geography of India accounted for 31% of our total revenues from operations. 
We believe that with the launch of new project -- products, building up new capabilities, seeing 
the increasing demand from marquee clients across sectors and geographies and renewal of 
existing contracts, we are certain to deliver good growth in the going forward. We are excited 
about the growth at Aether and with the commencement of the capex at Sight 4 and Sight 5, we 
are confident of the new product launches, which we have in our pipeline. 
Thank you, and back to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Bhojani: 
 
Thank you, Rohan. We would request the moderator to open the line for question and answer. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the first question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama Wealth Management.  
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, a few questions from my side. I'll restrict myself two initially. So, one is that you mentioned 
in your opening comment that you are seeing a good traction in CRAMS business, especially 
from Europe when they are struggling with the energy crisis. So how do you see that the 
customers are approaching you? Are they looking for the replacement? Or they are looking as 
an alternative for you for the high cost, which in energy which they are experiencing right now. 
And you have also mentioned that you do not see any kind of slowdown in European customers' 
demand while we see that the European market are going through some recessionary pressures. 
So why you think that it is not impacting our business? So that is first set of questions. 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Rohan Desai: 
 
Aman, would you like to take it up?  
Aman Desai: 
Yes. So, in terms of traction in CRAMS vis-à-vis the energy crisis in Europe, we have actually 
seen an increased level of as I had mentioned in the last quarter as well, we are seeing increased 
inquiries come in. These are a mix of the customers trying to shut-down some of their facilities 
or reduce the production and the energy consumption in their facilities or optimize the energy 
consumption in their facilities and partner with other partners worldwide, including Aether India 
for picking up some of these opportunities. 
In addition to the so in terms of the existing processes that are happening in these customers, we 
are seeing a rollout of these processes towards partners like Aether and in terms of newer 
opportunities in newer pipeline and we were launch molecules of these various multinational 
customers that we are working with at the highest levels at cropping set spectrum the decision 
to partner versus manufactured in-house is much more now biased towards the decision to 
partner with people in with liable partners in India where we are already a trusted partner in their 
pipe of name for the last many years now. 
And so that's what's happening. In terms of the recession happening in Europe versus that not 
affecting us at Aether. We are not seeing any effects of the recession in our demand and the 
inquiries and the sales and the revenues. The pharmaceutical global industry was in a slight 
slowdown over the last couple of quarters that have actually picked up now. Including inquiries 
from Europe has picked up in the pharma industry and the Agro and the oil and gas and the 
material sciences sectors that we engage in various customers. 
These are innovator customers who have launches rolling off and pipeline, which is back, and 
that has the current recession in Europe has made no difference in that pipeline and the launch 
programs that these customers have. So hopefully, I answered your question, Rohan.  
Rohan Gupta: 
Yeah Aman. And just a second question is on the gross margin expansion. So, if I heard you 
rightly, you mentioned that definitely, the end product pricing scenario still remain very stable 
where the customer pricing remains are holding on, while the raw material prices are 
experiencing and they are softening. So that leads to gross margin expansion. Am I right? So, 
do we see the margin expanding over the next 1 or 2 quarters?  
Rohan Desai: 
I will take that question, Rohan, for you. So, the graph if the raw material prices are reducing, 
the end product prices will not reduce to that extent. So, you'll see some expansion, which will 
happen, but the correction of the prices will also happen at the same time on the selling side. So, 
if you see our positioning on all the products, we have not increased the prices on very high 
levels as such also. So it will not affect the gross margins, rather the gross margins will improve 
to a certain extent. So you are right. But it will be at a certain extent, level only.  
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, just last on my side, and that is basically commissioning of the third unit. So how we are 
placed in terms of ramping up that facility. And in terms of the customer acquisition or the 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
product approval from the customer, so how quickly you see that the ramp-up of the new unit 
can happen? And what can be the revenue potential?  
Rohan Desai: 
I'll take that question also Rohan again, the full commissioning, all the streams of that site 3 
would be online by March end, but what we are targeting for. And the revenue potential at 
maturity from this site 3 would be close to around INR 400 crores that is INR 4,000 million.  
Rohan Gupta: 
And in what time frame you think that the full potential will be achieved in what time period?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
2 years' time.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ranvir Singh from Edelweiss Wealth Management.  
Ranvir Singh: 
So, while your question is related to EBITDA. I see on Q-on-Q basis, we have some INR 27 
crores of incremental sales and the EBITDA has been INR 10 crore incremental EBITDA we 
had in this quarter. I see that most of revenue has gone up in contract manufacturing or total 
manufacturing size. I think INR 20 crores kind of revenue has gone up there. So just I wanted to 
understand that on the EBITDA margin, why do varies between larger scale manufacturing and 
exclusive manufacturing or it is similar to that? 
Rohan Desai: 
The margins varies with is different between the large-scale manufacturing and CRAMS 
business model. Contract exclusive manufacturing and the large-scale manufacturing has the 
same almost same EBITDA margins at the moment. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, what you could last year, in FY '22, our largest steel manufacturing was some 67% of 
revenue. Now this has come down to 50% of revenue. So that CRAMS starts and exclusive 
manufacturing is going up. But our EBITDA margin has been flattish on 29%. So that you want 
to understand going forward also. I believe this ratio is going to be like this or if you could guide 
here that how the proportion of different segment is going to be next two years? And how the 
EBITDA, what kind of EBITDA we should expect to change? 
Rohan Desai: 
So, thank you, Ranvir. That's a great point. So, we were in the first two quarters, we were -- as 
the prices of the -- went into our trend, we were taking a heat in the large-scale manufacturing 
business model. 
And the CRAMS business model was intact, and it was increasing. Hence, the EBITDA margins 
was in the flattish zone now that the raw material prices and the trend is improving and coming 
back to the original levels, we will see the EBITDA margins go to the north of 30% from the 
next quarter onwards.  
Ranvir Singh: 
So, there will be improvement due to this product mix, assuming that the cost element, which 
has gone up in the second in the past quarter, is it remains at this level, then still we'll have that 
1% improvement in real -- that's what you are thinking? 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. So as the large all the raw materials are getting back to its normal level. The large-scale 
manufacturing business models, EBITDA margins will come back again to its normal zone, 
which will improve the margins overall, margins of the company also. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Energy cost is an important cost. So energy cost, I believe, remains at the firm level. So or 
expectations have been for? 
Rohan Desai: 
As the energy cost is already we have - we are suffering with the energy costs since the last nine 
months or more, I believe so. And so, it has already been incorporated into the costing of all the 
products as we speak. So if there is an improvement in the energy cost, you will see a still better 
improvement in the margins. 
Moderator 
We have the next question from the line of Ameya Chalke from 3P Investment. 
Ameya Chalke: 
Thanks for taking my question. First question I have is basically on Site 3. You have said that 
there will be five products which would get commercialized through this Site from March 
onwards. Is it possible for you to give some color on the end market of these products, whether 
the where the market is already established and is basically maybe manufacturing, which 
happening from the older supplier to US? or are these newer products where it will ramp up 
slowly over a period of time? 
The return of the end market product, if you can explain? And similarly, I also wanted to 
understand the - our segment called large scale manufacturing in the CRAMS site. Also, what is 
the mix over here in this segment?  
I understand we supply it to the innovators. But are these products where the patents have already 
expired, these are natural cycle products or these are the new all products which have just been 
launched over the last few years, if you can explain a bit more on? Thank you.  
Rohan Desai: 
Sorry, I can take the first question, Ameya, for you. There is Site 3 and the five products and 
their applications and the end markets and the customers. And Aman can talk more on the 
contract is exclusive manufacturing on the later stage. 
So Site 3 will be completely online by March end. There will be five products. The applications 
would be in the pharmaceutical segment of chemical industry and end applications would be 
carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, ambroxol intermediates and Dolutegravir intermediate, 
respectively. These the five intermediates, which goes into these four products. The total market 
known and being imported into India for these five products is INR 1,200 crores that is INR 
12,000 million. And the customers fairly our Indian pharmaceutical companies, the big 
companies out in India. 
And then to a certain expect that our companies in Europe also and in Japan also for these 
Pharmaceutical intermediates, which we are planning to sell. We have zero gestation period as 
of today, because most of the companies have completed the validation or taken the validation 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
quantities and I have already -- we have also commercialized two products in the last 2 quarters 
out of these five products, and we are already selling that product through from the site to so 
Site 3 will not have much gestation figure on the existing customers and the new customers will 
also have already audited our sites earlier and they are existing customer for us. So, we will not 
have any issues on the gestation yet for these five products. Did I answer all your questions, I 
may...  
Ameya Chalke: 
Yes. Just one supplementary question to this. So, when you say Dolutegravir, so I assume that 
it would go to the end market would be the tender business, right? Or you think it will also go 
to the regulated market?  
Rohan Desai: 
No. So we do not - we are not manufacturing APIs. We are manufacturing intermediates which 
goes into APIs. So it would be a regulated market and raw market, both so the customers would 
apply for that, but...  
Ameya Chalke: 
 
Demand would be driven by it is irrespective of the market basically...  
Rohan Desai: 
 
Demand will be driven by our customers.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Bank. 
Noel Vaz: 
Yes. I just wanted to know what exactly is the state of the working capital as of today. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Yes. So I'll take that question. The working cycle stands as it was on the six months only, there 
is a slight increase because of the sales which were done because of the quarter sales. And the 
working cycle will be contracted, we are working on it, and the raw materials for the new 
products have been purchased, again, raw materials have been increased. And we are hopeful 
this will be controlled by March end, and we will be able to bring it down to a substantial level. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Yash Shah from Investec. 
Yash Shah: 
Sir, my first question is regarding our CRAMS business segment. We've added about seven new 
customers in this segment this quarter. My question was, do we expect in the coming quarter 
since we are seeing increase in traction, do we expect the -- expect to add a similar number of 
customers in the coming quarter as well? And do we have any kind of internal target when it 
comes to adding newer customers throughout the year? So that will be my first question, sir.  
Aman Desai: 
Yes, the seven new customers who were in the last 2 manufacturing model in the CRAMs, we 
have 3 new customers. It's not so the new customers are important, but also additional projects 
from existing customers is, I would say, even more important in the CRAMS business because 
once we've established our relationship at the highest levels with its innovator customers across 
the industry spectrum, they have a packed pipeline of launched molecules coming off and our 
endeavor is to basically make sure we deliver steps on the first project, so that the next project 
is coming off the launch pad of these customers come to us. And so that's usually a more focus 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
area for us as competitive customers. But yes, considering all the scenario happening globally 
in terms of the energy issues and other issues and India being the preferred destination, we do 
expect to be adding additional customers in the coming quarter as well. We added three in the 
last quarter. I'm guessing we'll be able to add same number or more in the next quarters to come 
as well.  
Yash Shah: 
All right. And sir, are you seeing any kind of inventory pile up in terms of CRAMS on the 
customer side.  
Aman Desai: 
No, I think we haven't seen that effect yet in the CRAMS area. It is majorly in large scale 
manufacturing only. Because especially the CRAMS is all pipeline molecules. And there are 
fixed timelines of launch for these customers, and that doesn't deviate because 100 different 
factors are involved in the launch as compared to just supply of critical materials from us.  
Yash Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, now coming to the business at the end user business segments now from the 
last couple of quarters, we were seeing pressure in the Pharma segment and which was very well 
covered by the Agro. Now we are seeing revival in the pharma, but at the same time, Agro, we 
are seeing inventory pile up on the Agro side. So, what has been your experience on the ground 
at this point of time? Are you witnessing strong demand from both the segments or how is it 
working out for you?  
Rohan Desai: 
I will take that question, yes. We are seeing a comparatively very strong demand on the agro 
and the pharma side both. We do not have many products on farm on agro side. We have only 
four products on agro side as of today. So, our answer would be limited to that, but we are seeing 
a good demand on the agro side till now.  
Yash Shah: 
Sir, one last question, then I'll come back in the queue. Sir, the new three products, which we 
are going to launch about the five products, so will the application be in pharma itself? And I 
might have missed it, what is the revenue potential of these three products? Is it INR 400 crores, 
which you mentioned? Or can you please provide some clarity on the same?  
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. So these three are all intermediates for agrochemicals and the revenue potential for these 
three molecules which are coming into India is around -- in the range of INR 540 crores per 
annum.  
Yash Shah: 
And what will be the market share will we be targeting, sir, in the near term, say, two years? 
And when do we expect it to be commercialized?  
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. So we should be able to target INR 200 crores plus market share based on the current 
capacities which we are designing.  
Yash Shah: 
 
Okay. And when will this be commercialized, sir, as soon as Site 3 years commercialized?  

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Rohan Desai: 
Site 3 will be commercialized in March, and this would come in, I believe so in the Aman, 
correct me if I'm wrong, March next month, right?  
Aman Desai: 
 
Correct. Yes.  
Yash Shah: 
Got it. So we are looking at incremental INR 200 crores starting next march over a period of two 
years, right?  
Rohan Desai: 
We will be ramping up these molecules also in the existing sites. So you will see it much faster 
than two years. We typically consider it the three products are in the 18-month period.  
Yash Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, one last question on my side. You've launched one more product this quarter. 
Is it part of the five new products which we had said because we have already commercialized 
two out of those five. So the one new product, is it part of that five or incremental to it?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
It is part of the five. 
Yash Shah: 
 
Okay. So that means three or is it two?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
It is totally now at three. 
Yash Shah: 
 
Okay. So we've commercialized three products now.  
Rohan Desai: 
 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Kalpit Narvekar from Alliance Global Investors. 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
So my first question was on the five products that are coming in the site three. Could you share 
some color on whether these end molecules are actually innovator products and whether you 
were working with the companies or the intermediate manufacturers through the research stage 
of it? And have they come into the manufacturing stage from the CRAMS site of the business?  
Rohan Desai: 
Kapit, I'll take that question. No, these are all generic APIs than market is generic APIs, these 
molecules where it goes. And they are mostly manufactured and manufactured in India, Europe 
and Japan. The APIs are manufactured over there. And so it's not innovative association 
molecules or because these all five products belong to large-scale manufacturing business 
model.  
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Okay. And my second question was on the three new molecules on the Agrochem side because 
if my understanding is correct there, do you have customers on the CRAM site in Agrochem, 
right? So are these molecules being converted from that pipeline?  
Rohan Desai: 
No. This -- all three are also large-scale manufacturing business model, where the imports are 
happening since the last three years or more, and they are also generic molecules.  

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
So, sir, just one follow-up on this was that if -- so could you share some color on what helps in 
the conversion of these molecules for you with the customers the most. So, there must be some 
existing manufacturing from Europe and Japan you mentioned, right? So, are we better than 
those guys on cost front? And have we been doing this on a small scale for some of these guys, 
not really, right? So, could you share some color on what are the critical parameters for the 
customer that we're able to sort of pitch them.  
Rohan Desai: 
So, our competition is usually China. And so usually the customer who wants the product. These 
are all products which are manufactured for the first time in India again. And usually, the 
customer looks at Indian manufacturer. That's the biggest advantage with these see. The second 
is obviously the cost component where you should be comparable to China's price. The third is 
the QEHS quality environment, health and safety, which we demonstrate to our customers and 
they audit us quite regularly, which gives them confidence. 
And the fourth one is they do not want Chinese manufacturers or Chinese stores now active 
when there is an Indian source out in India, manufacturing the same products at the same prices. 
So that's a major advantage. And what is the advantage for Aether is the technical competencies 
of chemistries and technologies under which this product is developed. And then we use 
automation and other niches on chemistries and technologies where we improve the yields and 
productivities, which gives us an added advantage as compared to our competitor.  
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Great. If I may ask one more question, if it's okay. So if on the R&D side, with we're doing 
significant spending, which is actually great, right? So if -- and so around about when I look at 
the numbers, so the split is about 13% CRAMS. So let's say, 13% of the revenue is actually from 
the R&D side and 7% or around 7.7% of the expenses are going right? So in R&D. So could you 
share some breakup on the R&D expenses in terms of what is being channeled into the customer 
side? And what is being channeled into the large-scale manufacturing piece in terms of 
developing capabilities for new molecules on the large-scale side versus what goes into working 
with the customer. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
So, R&D expenditure, actually, we do not bifurcate between the CRAMS and large-scale in 
manufacturing because we have given the R&D work to various cities who are handling the 
R&D for various products. We have been some last cambering products also and some trends 
also. So that bifurcation is not done by us, but very less person of the portion is towards CRAMS 
because CRAMS basically is a joint partnership with the world innovators. So mainly the 
expenses which are done are towards LSM and very less portion is towards CRAMS portion. 
Rohan Desai: 
If I may add, the CRAMS activities are the costs or the expenses or the raw material costs are 
repaid by the customers and they are built to the customers. So you will not see a huge amount 
of overlap between the CRAMS and the large-scale manufacturing. R&D is mainly done for a 
large-scale manufacturing business model or contracts with access manufacturing business 
model only  

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking Limited. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question is in terms of our overall capex for the next couple of years. I mean, FY '23, '24. 
So as I understand that Site 3, we had a capex of INR 190 crores with a revenue potential of INR 
400 crores. Site 3+ we just mentioned about INR 60 crores, INR 70 crores of capex, INR 200 
crores of revenue potential, what could be the capex for maybe Site 4 and Site 5? And what will 
be the annual capex for FY '23 and '24?  
Faiz Nagariya: 
So I'll take this question. So as you mentioned rightly, the Site 3 capex is INR 190 crores. So of 
course, the financial year ’23 when we end the total capex will be the site three that is INR 190 
crores plus the R&D ramp-up which we need for the R&D ramp-up and the penetrant ramp-up, 
which will be added and the solar power plant, which we have commissioned. So, it will be 
around plus some portions of capex being done in the current location of Site 2 also. So it will 
come to a lot of around INR 275 crores.  
And for the next year, as we have rightly mentioned, Site 3+ will be started and it is a project 
which will be costing around INR 60 crores to INR 70 crores. Plus, we are also going to break 
ground in the Site- and Site 5 together, wherein we will have some capex, which will come up. 
So next year also, we expect the capex to be around INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is from the current Sites, 1 and 2, is there any untapped revenue potential which 
still exists or incrementally be our entire revenue stream will be coming from Site 3 and Site 3+?  
Rohan Desai: 
I will take the question. Site 1 is CRAMS host the world's biggest pilot plant. So the CRAMS 
has a very good potential. We have 55 few modes over there and we are expanding constantly 
in terms of the team which we have, which is currently growing every quarter. So we see a good 
potential increasing in Site 1. As far as Site 2, we are approximately at manufacturing capacities 
of 70%. Faiz, correct me if I'm wrong. And we are looking at, if we can realign the production 
and the productivity and the demand comes back on all the products, we can look at going to 
80% to 85% capacity utilization. So 15% increase can happen in the Site 2 also. Rohit, does that 
answer your question?  
Rohit Nagraj: 
So effectively, the current revenues have a potential of going up by another 15% largely, that 
should be the equation, correct?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
Yes. You can think in that one.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. And just one last clarification on the pharma Site. So the pharma intermediates that we are 
manufacturing, are there any previous inventories in the global system? Or we see that the 
demand for our pharma intermediates has more or less normalized and this shall start going from 
say, this quarter onwards?  
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. So we have struggled quite a bit in large scale manufacturing since Q1, Q2. So the struggle 
as we are seeing a good revival on all of our molecules and a lot of inquiries are coming on each 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
of the molecules. So we are not seeing any raggedness now on all the molecules which you are 
manufacturing in the pharmaceutical space.  
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Centrum PMS.  
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Firstly, can you share the volume or the realization data for this quarter? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
 
Volume means, you are talking about no of kgs?  
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So, I think in quarter 1, you had shared the realization as INR 1,800 per kg the similar data for 
2Q and 3Q, if you can share?  
Faiz Nagariya: 
 
Yes, it is at the north of around INR 1,900 in the last nine months, total. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
INR 1,900 for nine months? And if possible, quarter three what was the number? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
 
Quarter three is around INR 1,825. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
INR 1,825, right? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
 
Yes. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So the Site 3 is the revenue potential is INR 400 crores and the installed capacity is 3,500 metric 
tons. Am I right? So no, my question is, so let's say, 3,500 metric tons of capacity and probably 
we reach around 75%, 80% kind of optimum utilization levels, and that translates to somewhere 
around 2,500 to 2,800 metric tons of peak production capacity. 
And if I do the math, generating INR 400 crores of peak revenue, the realization rupees per kg 
comes to somewhere around INR 1,400 to INR 1,450 which is lower than the current trend. But 
if I recall correctly, in the past few quarters as well as in the various management introductions, 
it was said that these five molecules should be having a very high realization compared to 
whatever we have currently. So where is the disconnect, if you can please throw some light? 
Rohan Desai: 
So we always operate on the conservative estimates of year 2012 when the prices were at the 
lowest on all the molecules. Second, you're not going to reach 3,500 tons capacity because it is 
a complex molecule. So, you have a design capacities, which are there, which are still not 
explored, right? So one see you stabilize the production coming up in quarter one of the next 
financial year, we will be able to tell you what is the actual capacities of this which we can 
achieve. 
So designing is a different part because there is no other manufacturer in India. So, it's not a 
straightforward designing where you're designing an automobile line and saying that 100 units 
will be produced on a daily basis. It's not so straightforward. 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Although the lines are quite complicated, and there are several steps on production. So going -- 
I understand where you're going through Mr. Mukerji -- but that's not the right way of calculating 
the capacities for our specialty chemicals company. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
I get that point. Hence, I kind of mentioned that you'll probably reach a 75% or 80% of the rated 
capacity and not obviously 3,500 tons. But let me ask or rephrase the question. So this INR 400 
crores of revenue that you have a conservative target of, what kind of blended realization in the 
rupees per kg that you are factoring in for these five molecules. 
Rohan Desai: 
 
It would be INR 2,500 plus per kilo. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
INR 2,500 per kilo. Okay. And may I know the reason behind such high number compared to 
your existing product line? Because you said that these five intermediates will go into APIs, 
which are generic in nature and not something which is innovative molecules, right? So the 
pricing power remains not so great compared to an innovative molecule, I believe? 
Rohan Desai: 
Right. So, we are again talking about INR 2,500 as a conservative number. And these are based 
on the import statistics, which we are seeing since the last 10 years. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Second question on the Site 4 that you spoke about. I believe last few calls, you had a target of 
completing the site for capex by December 23 with the estimated capex of, I think, INR 243 
crores. Are we on track or is it getting a bit delayed?  
Rohan Desai: 
It was delayed because we amalgamated to two units together, right, if you see the earlier 
communication on the site I was only 8,000 square meters. Now it is approximately 18,000 
square meters. So, we have opportunity is to buy the decent land and amalgamate and do the 
obligation for the whole parcel of land instead of going for two obligation with the pollution and 
control board. And because if you have two obligation, you will have to have two pollution 
control setups and everything which is double in nature. So, we are slightly delayed over the 
whole process where it is a very good advantage on the longer term.  
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
What is the  timeline for site 4? 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Mukerjee, I would request you to kindly rejoin the queue, please.  
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Rohit from Progressive Shares.  
Rohit: 
HI Dr. Aman and congrats for the award for BW Disrupt 40 under 40 by Business World. So, I 
have a few questions. Firstly, on Polaroid this INR 120 crore for three years, what sort of 
EBITDA margins can be expected?  
Aman Desai: 
Yes. Thank you for the kind wishes of all. Polaroid business is purely in the CRAMs business 
model business model, and we expect 60% to 70% EBITDA margins in that.  

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Rohit: 
Okay. And in addition to this, the three molecules, what is the time line by when do you think 
you will be launching the rest of the three molecules from the five which we earlier spoke about. 
Rohan Desai: 
We are looking towards the end of March that is next March, we will be launching these 
molecules. However, we will look at seeing the opportunity of launching the any of these three 
molecules in the existing site also if there is a possibility.  
Rohit: 
Okay. So that can help you pull the margins to around 33%, 35% kind of a range in next two, 
three years? Is it possible?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
Theoretically possible, yes, but we'll have to see.  
Rohit: 
Okay. And in addition to Polaroid, are there any more strategic acquisitions that you're looking 
at in UK US?  
Rohan Desai: 
 
Aman? 
Aman Desai: 
Formalize was. Not an acquisition, right? It was a collaboration and an announcement of a 
partnership on research and development and scale up, and that has been finished and that 
continues to be one of our privileged customers for the CRAMS business. Along that line, we 
have several customers, and we are currently working on trying to enable a few similar 
announcements in the near future as well.  
Rohit: 
Okay. China opening up, and I know that the prices and the competition that we have with China 
and we try to always be one of the prices. Do you think that the opening up of China would lead 
to increase or decrease in the average selling prices going forward?  
Rohan Desai: 
It will not affect in a negative way for it. So, we the pricing of all the molecules are already 
added at its best. So, there it is not related to the China opening up its mode because of the 
COVID-thing. So, I don't see any changes in the pricing structure.  
Rohan Desai: 
My last question is related to any development on my store work that you have done, which is 
related to fluorination or organic silicon or anything that is related to oil and gas segment?  
Aman Desai: 
So, fluorination, we are currently working on two molecules in the R&D, which are complex 
molecules. One is showing significant progress, and that's going to go into the agrochemical 
sector. On Organosilicon still on the paper stage, exploring significantly on the paper, actually 
tying up with one of our European CRAMs customers in a significant way for their contract reset 
manufacturing requirements on organosilicon chemistry, and we are hoping to finalize contract 
in the coming few months with that particular customer and that is an organosilicon chemistry 
and that will translate this business that is currently in the grams model into the contract with 
exclusive manufacturing business model in the coming quarters. 

 
Aether Industries Limited 
 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
That's an organ of silicon chemistry and the last question, I believe, was oil and gas. We continue 
to work with numerous top most innovators in the oil and gas sector in Europe and US with 
existing contracts and existing significant projects for all these customers, and that's a significant 
portion of our CRAMS business model right now, which we are hoping and fully expecting to 
translate into exclusive manufacturing business model in the months and years to come.  
Rohit: 
Okay. Aman and Faiz you can share some numbers, I think like what sort of revenue can we 
expect from these new initiatives? Or is it like INR 100 crore kind of an uptick in the business 
or 150 or more than that?  
Aman Desai: 
I think we'll refrain from doing such numbers for the forward-looking things. Suffice to say that 
we are quite upbeat and quite positive about these interactions that we are having and we should 
see significant growth and revenues from these areas in the months and years to come.  
Rohit: 
 
 
Okay. So. Thank you thank a lot to answering my question.  
Aman Desai: 
 
My pleasure. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Management: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. We hope that we have covered most of your questions. 
If you still have any further questions, please feel free to reach us directly. Stay safe, and have a 
great day. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
