   
           
 
Ref.No. AAVAS/SEC/2023-24/220 
Date: May 10, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2023 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in reference to our letter number Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2023-24/147 
dated April 19, 2023, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the 
Financial and Operational performance of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2023 held on Thursday, May 04, 2023. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
  FOR AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
SHARAD PATHAK 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(FCS-9587) 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SHARAD 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
SHARAD PATHAK 
Date: 2023.05.10 
21:25:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SACHINDER BHINDER – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GHANSHYAM RAWAT – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHUTOSH ATRE – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF RISK 
OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
MR. SIDDHARTH SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED  
 
MR. SURENDRA SIHAG – CHIEF COLLECTION OFFICER 
– AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED  
 
MR. RIPUDAMAN BANDRAL – CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER 
– AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED  
 
MS. JIJY OOMMEN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANSHUL BHARGAVA – CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED  
 
MR. RAJARAM BALASUBRAMANIAM – CHIEF 
ANALYTICS AND STRATEGY OFFICER – AAVAS 
FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
MR. GHANSHYAM GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aavas Financiers Limited Q4 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sachinder Bhinder, Managing Director and CEO of Aavas 
Financiers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in the earnings call to discuss 
the performance of our company for Q4 and FY '23. The results and the presentation are 
available on the stock exchanges as well as our company website and I hope everyone has had 
a chance to look at it. As you're all aware, former MD Sushil has decided to step down from the 
company for personal reasons. Sushil has helped create the foundation for the next phase of 
growth with significant investments in people and technology. 
On behalf of the Board, we want to put on record that we deeply appreciate his contribution to 
Aavas and wish him the very best for his future endeavours. I want to reiterate that the Board 
and promoter shareholders are committed to build a long-term institution and we are confident 
of executing on a strategy with their support. We'd also like to place on record that our promoter 
shareholders continue to be committed to supporting the long-term Aavas 3.0 vision. They have 
not sold a single share in nearly two years and they have reaffirmed that they do not plan to sell 
any at all in the coming year either. 
The key driver for the company's continued success is a deep and talented management bench 
at Aavas, many of whom have been with the institution since its early days and remain 
committed for the long-term journey ahead. 
We have with us today Ghanshyam Rawat, President and CFO, Ashutosh Atre, President and 
CRO, Siddharth Srivastava, Chief Business Officer, Surendra Sihag, Chief Collection Officer, 
Ripudaman Bandral, Chief Credit Officer, Jijy Oommen, Chief Technology Officer, Anshul 
Bhargava, Chief People Officer, Rajaram Balasubramaniam, Chief Analytics and Strategy 
Officer, and Ghanshyam Gupta, our Investor Relations. 
Q4 FY '23 is the first quarter completed under the new Aavas 3.0 framework and I am happy to 
report that it has been our strongest quarter ever. For the quarter, we disbursed INR 15,818 
million registering a 23% Y-o-Y growth. This is the highest quarterly disbursement in the history 
of Aavas. 
For the year, we have disbursed INR 50,245 million registering 39% Y-o-Y growth. We continue 
to borrow judiciously and have raised INR 47,631 million at 7.25% during the year. As on 31 
March 2023, we maintained a sufficient liquidity of INR 32,747 million in the form of cash and 
cash equivalents and unavailed documented sanctions. We have also gone live on our industry-

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
leading implementation of the Salesforce platform and are now working on the next step of our 
technology evolution. The entire organization, at all levels, is extremely energized and look 
forward to our next phase of growth. 
I will now hand over the line to Ghanshyam, President and CFO, to discuss the financials in 
detail. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you, Sachinder. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to our earnings call. As 
on 31 March 2023, average borrowing cost of 7.61% against an average portfolio yield of 
13.12% resulted in a spread at 5.51%. As on 31 March 2023, total number of live accounts stood 
at 187,149 that shows 24% year-on-year growth. Total number of branches was 346. 32 new 
branches were added in last 12 months. Employee count of 6,034, 16% year-on-year growth in 
anticipation of additional branches in Q4 FY '23. 
Assets under management grew 24.8% year-on-year to INR 1,41,667 million as on 31 March 
2023. AUM has an impact of subsidy receipt of INR 2,800 million during FY '23 versus previous 
year INR 1,080 million. Therefore, AUM growth is 26.1% excluding the impact of subsidy. 
Product-wise breakup (Home loan 69.9%, Other mortgage loan 30.1%). Occupation-wise 
breakup (Salaried 39.9%, Self-employed 60.1%). During FY '23, RBI hiked the repo rate by 250 
basis points. Consequently, we have also increased our prime lending rate by 160 basis points 
during FY '23. And a further increase of 40 basis points with effect from 5th April 2023. 
During the quarter, the company borrowed an incremental amount of INR 15,816 million at 
8.07%. As of March '2023 our average borrowing cost stood at 7.61% on an outstanding amount 
of INR 1,25,209 million. IGAAP to Ind-AS reconciliation has been explained in detail for Profit 
after tax and Net worth on slide number 34 and 36 of the presentation. 
On the Borrowings side, there is access to diversified and cost-effective long-term financing. A 
very strong relationship with development finance institutions. During the year, borrowed INR 
47,631 million at an average rate of 7.25%. Overall borrowing mix as on 31 March 2023, is 
45.0% from term loans, 22.0% from assignment/securitization, 20.8% from National Housing 
Bank and 12.2% from debt capital markets. 
Lender support continues to remain extremely strong as Aavas evolution continues. Liquidity of 
INR 32,747 million as of 31 March 2023 (Cash and cash equivalent of INR 13,687 million, 
Unavailed cash credit limit of INR 1,100 million, Documented unavailed sanctions from other 
banks of INR 17,960 million). With respect to Profitability, profit after tax increased by 19.8% 
year-on-year to INR4,282.8 million in FY '23. ROA was 3.51% and ROE was 14.09% for FY 
'23. As of March 31, 2023, we are very well-capitalized with Net worth of INR 32,697 million 
and capital adequacy ratio at 46.94%. Our book value per share stood at INR 413.6. 
Now I would like to hand over the line to Ashutosh ji, President and CRO to discuss the assets’ 
quality. 
Ashutosh Atre 
Thank you, Ghanshyam ji. The key portfolio risk parameters: Asset quality and provisioning: 1 
plus days past due stood at 3.30% as against 4.05% at the end of last quarter. Gross Stage 3 stood 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
at 0.92% and net Stage 3 stood at 0.68% as on 31 March 2023. Gross Stage 3 of 0.92% includes 
0.11% of up to 90 DPD assets, which have been categorized as GNPA following RBI's 
notification dated 12th November 2021. 
During FY '22, the resolution plan was implemented for certain borrowers' accounts as per RBI's 
Resolution Framework 2.0 dated 5th May 2021. Some such accounts with an outstanding amount 
of INR 885.2 million as on 31 March 2023, have been classified as Stage 2 and provided for as 
per regulatory guidelines. Out of INR 885.2 million, INR 675.7 million is into 0 to 30 DPD 
bucket. 
Total ECL provisioning including that for COVID-19 impact as well as Resolution Framework 
2.0 stood at INR 716.1 million as on 31 March 2023. As shown by the strong work done this 
quarter, Aavas is well-placed to continue its industry-leading asset quality. 
In the No-deal Roadshow presentation, we have also shared the performance of Aavas across 
the COVID period from FY '20 to FY '23. This was a time when the asset quality was really 
tested. Our average credit cost in the period is 0.23% and INR 174 million of cumulative write-
offs. This is driven by our DNA of end-to-end in-house operations from sourcing to 
underwriting, to collection as well as risk containment, legal and technical evaluation. 
With this, I open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Hirenkumar Thakorlal Desai, an individual investor. 
H T Desai: 
Yes. I have two questions. Can you hear me? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. 
H T Desai: 
My question is regarding cost of deposit. Do you have an estimate or some ballpark number 
where it might peak and around what time? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Sorry, you are asking about cost of borrowing? 
H T Desai: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Ghanshyam, you go ahead, please. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Our cost of borrowing is on the basis of full-year total borrowing and it is computed on the basis 
of year-end various products we borrowed and on sum product basis it is 7.61% and as we've 
seen, RBI has increased the rate in past 8 to 9 months and thereby banks have increased their 
cost of borrowing. MCLRs also increased in the last 2 to 3 quarters, thereby we have also seen 
some impact on our cost of borrowing, but still on full year we have borrowed at 7.25% and for 
this quarter we have borrowed at 8.07%. That gives us confidence, that we're able to feed our 
increased growth at a very competitive price. 
H T Desai: 
Do you have any assessment as to the overall blended cost of borrowing, around what number 
it might peak? Because see some of your borrowings may be still up for either renewal or further 
increase? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
As you know, borrowing is a mix of term loans from banks and institutions, then we have long-
term borrowings from development financial institutions like Asian Development Bank, 
International Finance Corporation, CDC (London-based government agency), so those funding 
we had borrowed. A certain lot of borrowing is on fixed-rate contract. NHB, we have borrowed 
around INR 3,000 crores. Out of that INR 2,000 crores is a fixed rate borrowing for the 7 years, 
which is a very competitive price, less than 5%. Obviously, money borrowed from banks which 
is linked to MCLR it comes for reset on frequency of their annual reset, so last 6 months 
whatever loan came for reset, the reset for same has already happened, but some borrowing will 
also come for reset in another 6-month time frame that will happen as and when it comes. 
H T Desai: 
Okay. So we still expect the overall borrowing cost to rise a little bit, right? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, there will be no doubt. RBI has paused rate hike. That was a very positive impact for the 
market, for us also. April commentary came a little bit pause or they see how the data comes at 
the regulator end. We have seen softening on the G-sec rate. We have seen softening on the bond 
rate, so we hope that now further banks will also consider that aspect and not much increase 
MCLR rate, but older contracts definitely will come for repricing in the first 6 months, so we 
can see some impact in cost of borrowing in next 2 quarters. 
H T Desai: 
Okay. The second question is regarding growth. So some of your peers who are actually smaller 
in size, they have been growing and they are kind of guiding AUM growth in the vicinity of 
30%. I think you are guiding somewhere around 22% to 25% kind of a number. Is it because of 
a higher base or there is some other reason? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
As you rightly mentioned in your question, if you compare, let's say, the smaller companies 
which are in the size of INR 4,000 crores, INR 5,000 crores if you compare Aavas at the same 
journey in 2016 or 2017 in the time frame and then later on in the 2018 when we had a similar 
size, we were also growing 40% to 50% at that point of time. Now base has increased so with 
that higher base, obviously, will have that growth impact you'd see, but if you refer the New 
business during this year, New business we've done more than INR 5,000 crores versus last year 
INR 3,600 crores, which is around 39%- 40% growth in the new business and on AUM basis we 
have grown 25% during FY '23 and we have invested also in the various branches and product, 
process, policy, technology that give us comfort and opportunity is there in the market, so that 
will add to our future growth trajectory going forward. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Renish from ICICI Securities. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir, 2 questions. One is slightly strategic one. So of course, earlier you have been guiding at 
20%- 25% kind of a growth number, but now since we are investing in tech, we are investing on 
branches and plus we are introducing new products, so on a blended basis, how should one look 
at the AUM growth trajectory? That's point number one. 
Secondly, let's say, even if we are comfortable growing at a faster clip, does that mean that we 
have to introduce new products? And if yes, then maybe in near term what should be the ideal 
loan mix in terms of home loan versus non-home loan portfolio? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think our secular growth has been overall in the range of 20% - 25%. And I think this is a mix 
of one has to look at from a granularity perspective, both from geographies and the product lines. 
I think for the geographies where we are already present, I think we are going a little deeper into 
those markets, much more than the normal average. And where we have invested, we actually 
follow our normal DNA of staying port invested, learning the markets and understanding, and 
then stepping up and accelerating. I think that the 2 parts which are there, that constitute our 
individual self-construction of home loans. 
On the other product lines, I think the product lines which we have invested in, have started 
really firing. And I think they are all engines firing, helping us to really build in and scale up on 
a granularity basis across the product lines. So these are the 2 parameters which are there, which 
are contributing to the one. 
And on the mix, I think what the regulator has guided on a home loan to non-home loan ratio, 
we will follow what is guided as per the regulatory mix. And as the mix of the home loan 
increases, we'll have the MSME or the LAP portion which is there to be sequentially increasing 
in those lines. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. So broadly you're saying even if, let's say, the new products grow at a faster clip, the 
blended growth will still remain at 20% - 25%? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
See, you have to look at growth from 2 perspectives. One is you have the existing geographies 
where growth would be much more deeper, which would be above the average growth. Whereas 
the new territories which you enter, like for example, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh, which we 
really want to step up, I think there we have been very conscious to have a moderated growth as 
a result of which the average growth comes to a level of 20% to 25%. 
So some of the regions, some of the geographies, which are deeply invested in are growing at a 
faster pace. The ones which are where we want to accelerate would be at a medium pace. And 
where we have invested, we will really look at how it spans out and then really step up on it. So 
I think case in point are the 2 geographies that I talked. And I'll have my CBO, Siddharth 
Srivastava talk about the 2 geographies, typically Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka. Sid, over to you. 
Siddharth Srivastava: 
Yes. See, if you look in the terms of sizes, Karnataka is almost similar to what Rajasthan is. And 
every 2-3 years, we identify certain new geographies. Karnataka, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh are the 
few geographies that we identified to grow. And we will continue to grow deeper into our 
existing geographies. And this will bring us the required growth, which we are looking at around 
20% to 25%. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. And so my second question is slightly on the qualitative side. So of course, there is a top 
management change. But do you foresee any attrition, let's say, at 1 or 2 levels below the CXOs? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So I think, as management strength, which is there as part of the CXO levels and they're deeply 
committed on the site. So that's already there. And we have a good amount of bench strength, 
which is there. And over a period of last couple of years’, what we've really done is we had 
multiple products, product lines along geography. I think what it really helps is, one is to 
monetize on the customer side, and second help us with manpower portability so if any of the 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
attrition hits, actually we are really safeguarded, because we have at least the buffer and the 
bench strength, which is already available. We really play that and always mind the opportunity 
which is available in a period of time. 
So I think we are very well-capacitated if I were to put across all those lines. So I think a), the 
geographies, b), the product verticals and a deep investment in the people side, I think is the one 
which is there. And on the people side, I would really like to reiterate that we have invested in 
re-skilling and up-skilling. And we have a curated program with IIM Ahmedabad and where we 
send across selected staff to really work on the live projects which will help us in our field. And 
then this is one part of our training and development and we're developing the leadership bench, 
which really helps in the future course of work. 
And the second enabler has been technology. I think we are moving towards institutionalization 
and when we say so, that means we would be more on process policies and technology will be 
one of the major facilitators. Continuing with our touch and feel of credit assessment, what really 
technology helps is to increase productivity, and to be more predictable and help us in overall 
managing the stuff which you referred to. 
And on the technology side, I think implementation, once again, we'll see the real jump in the 
productivity and the other metrics, operating leverage really kicking in. So I think overall, we 
are very poised to take that as a matter of what comes in, in the coming times. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from AMBIT Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
I have broadly 2, 3 questions. So one is on the home loan portfolio. When I look at the implied 
value of home loans disbursed during this quarter, there seems to be a sharp deceleration in 
growth. It seems to be about 12% Y-o-Y for this quarter. And then when I also look at the 
implied disbursements as well as the exercise data, it seems to suggest that there's been some 
kind of decline in terms of volume of loans disbursed in the home loan segment compared to 
last year. So could you just help us understand what kind of slowdown are we witnessing in our 
home loan portfolio before I proceed to my next two questions? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
If you see in overall number, this quarter, we have disbursed much higher number and ever best 
quarter compared to last year, quarter 4. You are talking particularly one segment where you 
find, this year we found very good pace to do our assignments of MSME and LAP portfolio. If 
you see other peer groups, they struggled in that piece. We have a good amount of portfolio LAP 
and MSME got assigned. We got extra, let's say, buffer in the overall book, continue to lend our 
MSME, LAP portfolio. So that's way, in proportion, you found that the home loan and non-home 
loan mix is not different than what you see mixed in a quarter 4 of last year, basically. 
This goes, let's say, recognition of Aavas credit policy underwriting norms where banks from 
HFC not only looking for home loan, but they are looking for non-home loan or MSME book 
from us basically. In last 1 year, we have done INR 1,000 crores assignment. INR900 crores 
MSME, LAP book got assigned to them, basically. That's the creditability of Aavas book, Aavas 
credit culture, which is getting recognized with the large public and private sector banks. 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Raghav Garg: 
So sir, if I understand this correctly, you're saying you prioritized the MSME and LAP segments 
over the home loan segment. Is that how we should understand? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, no. Let me again clarify the matter. If you see, we as a housing finance company has certain 
restrictions to do non-home loan business. So during this quarter & during the full year basis, 
we have churned out a lot of MSME and LAP book from on-book to off-book. So we got an 
extra cushion to absorb MSME and the LAP book during the quarter and on the full year basis. 
That's why you are seeing quarter 4 mix this year as a bit different from what mix you've seen 
in the  quarter 4 of last year. But overall, as a business strategy, we will remain at 70% to 75% 
home loan, 25% to 30% non-home loan book on a long-term basis. 
Raghav Garg: 
I'm not sure if I understood this, but the only point that I was referring to was that there's been 
some kind of deceleration in terms of the value of disbursement. And if you look at the number 
of loans disbursed, then there's been a degrowth in just the home loan segment. So that is what 
I was trying to understand. But I can take this with you offline. 
My next question is, in terms of margin. So while the share of the higher yielding non-home 
loan book has been decreasing and we've also taken about 160 basis points PLR hike during this 
year and as I see, we also have a 60% floating rate book now. The spreads have come down in 
this quarter. And in fact, if I look at the spreads up till the last quarter, they were stable. So can 
you explain what kind of pricing pressure or competition are we witnessing in our home loan 
segment, if at all? Since we haven't really seen spreads decline at all, despite the share of the 
high-yielding book going up and also the company has taken PLR hike? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think in the spread side, there is a marginal reduction we have seen on the spread in this quarter. 
It's primarily on two accounts. We have seen cost of borrowing get increased. And similarly, it 
takes own time to pass on the increased rate to the assets, new generation assets, basically. So 
there is always demand, some gap on the translation on the new business than the cost of 
borrowing on funds we borrow from the market. But overall basis, we are confident to maintain 
our spread, which is given our long-term vision, 5% and above spread continue to maintain in 
that bucket. 
And we have seen, as I earlier mentioned, RBI has given some relief commentary in the April 
policy. I think that will also help in both sides. But as a competition, we are not seeing, I think, 
market is such huge in rural semi-urban area. I think from a long-term perspective, in earlier 
calls, we have given this commentary a number of times that in the geography where we work, 
household unit versus home loan penetration is not more than 2% to 3% in those markets. So we 
have enough spaces there to grow our business. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sure. And sir, why have staff costs come down quarter-on-quarter? Yes, that will be my last 
question. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, I think you know in IndAS accounting system, we grant ESOP schemes, 2, 3, 4, 5 ESOP 
schemes are there. Certain older schemes are getting matured during this quarter. So whatever 
ESOP has not been exercised, got a reversal of expense in this quarter. So that's why you see 
slightly lesser manpower cost in this quarter than last quarter. 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So I wanted to understand this transition at the core management level from you being appointed 
as CEO last quarter to Mr. Sushilji resigning within 3 months. So while we have seen some of 
the founding members of a company moving out due to personal or professional reasons, but it's 
usually done in a transition and planned manner with investors also being aware on the same. 
Just to understand was the Board and core management aware about this move well in advance. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So I think from this perspective, we have embarked upon the Aavas 3.0 journey and Sushil has 
been there since as the founder and set up the franchise right from the day 1. And I think from a 
perspective of institutionalization where we embarked on a journey on people, processes, I think 
it was his personal decision to take a call. And I think we respect his decision and he left a 
franchise that is sound on rock solid foundation to really build upon and to embark upon an 
institutionalization journey. And as a part of Aavas 3.0, I think we delivered as a team the best 
of the quarters on all the matrices. And we really want to build across various nerve centres 
across India as a pan-India institution, which has sustainable growth with quality as the key 
metrics and really have a right footprint, which is really we all are proud of the franchise which 
we developed. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Sir, but I get that point. So you mean the Board was aware of this move during the last quarter 
itself? Is that a fair conclusion to make? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, I think in the last quarter Board meeting and let's say before that Board quarter meeting also 
I think we had a plan to invest for Aavas 3.0 in which 2 strategies were planned, investment in 
the tech field where we thought the next 10 years journey, that investment in technology will 
help the next 10 years journey. 
Second thing was planned to enlarge the management bandwidth to capture the next 10 years’ 
available growth in the market in a home loan space. So management bandwidth got enlarged. 
Accordingly, Sushilji was earlier involved in an entire day-to-day activity strategy and so a 
number of times his bandwidth got chopped in that system to manage the entire volume of 
business. So then there was a strategy to separate day-to-day business and strategy tech 
transformation. 
It was announced and moving ahead it was decided to implement that strategy. Obviously, going 
forward, by close to the next Board meeting, I think he found that he wants to move on in his 
career and choose a different path. So I think he discussed with the Board members and Board 
members as Sachinder ji mentioned, recognized his contribution in Aavas journey and that's all. 
We are looking forward for support from all the shareholders, and stakeholders to take Aavas to 
the next journey. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Like, but still the exit was little surprising with the founding member exit in the Board 
meeting. So the second was with respect to the strategy. So in the newest stage that we have 
ventured into in the last couple of years, would we still be focusing on going at C level and this 
rural focus lending is what we will be doing or we will want to be little more semi-urban focus 
in the newer geographies? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think in the new states, the same strategy continues of focusing on Tier 3 to Tier 5 towns and 
the cities which are there. And again, on the self-individual construction loans to be really 
focused and where our core area of expertise and our DNA lies. And I think in that journey, what 
we've done is to have people with the underwriting experience, the distribution experience, the 
homegrown talent from Aavas to really go across and set up and scale up in those geographies. 
So I think it continues with the same pace, same growth, and in a much more contiguous manner, 
what we've been doing as a franchise and as an institution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Umang Shah: 
My question is related to what Shreepal asked in the previous question Now just wanted to 
understand a little bit more from the strategic direction perspective. I mean, last quarter, clearly 
there was a strategic decision, which was being taken about splitting the MD and CEO roles and 
it was made us to believe that that was probably the right way to go ahead in terms of forging 
the next 10-year growth strategy. 
Now clearly what has happened in the past quarter is there to see for all of us. But do we 
anticipate any further changes in the leadership team or is there a need to further expand the 
executive committee or the core executive committee or new additions in the team that you are 
looking at? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think from the perspective of there is a sufficient amount of bench strength which got created 
as a part of Aavas 3.0. And as I would say that the CFO, Ghanshyam Rawat has been with the 
franchise since its inception. Ashutosh Atre completes 9 years this month and he's been there 
right from underwriting to currently CRO. Surendra Sihag is there as a part of Man-comm as a 
part of collections. He's been there for a long period of time. With me about 40 months in the 
franchise being there. And the new CXOs who've been there actually really helped to build the 
right kind of management bandwidth and depth which is there. And below them, I think as a 
layer goes, I think we have a sufficient amount of bandwidth that is available with homegrown 
talent which will help to scale up sustainably and credibly with which our DNA rest on. And in 
a much more laminar fashion, I would put across. 
So I think the franchise and the institution are poised for good growth with the kind of foundation 
both on financial capital, human capital, and technology as one of the key enablers to take the 
momentum forward. So just to give an outlay, we have very strong middle-level management of 
more than 100 people on the origination side, which consists of National Heads, Circle Heads, 
Zonal Heads, and State Heads. And then the risk and credit side, we have more than 234 people 
who have been there, and 71% of them have been with Aavas for more than 3 years plus. And 
in collections, we have 54 of them, who are more than 78% of the employees are there with 3 
years plus of experience. 
So I think that is a deep dive experience which is there. And I say that the continued management, 
the bandwidth which is available as far as the transitioning is concerned, I think is already 
available. And it's been demonstrated. And I think the Aavas 3.0 first quarter results bear the 
testimony to the foundation, which is set for the journey going forward, keeping the core DNA 
of risk architecture intact and building the franchise on risk-adjusted returns and much more 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
stronger, sustainable, quality growth, which is driven by governance and quality and with the 
continued Board support over a period of these years. 
Umang Shah: 
Sure. The other clarification which I wanted, during your opening comments, you did mention 
that the promoters are committed to the business. They haven't really sold any shares in the past 
and they don't intend to do so in the coming future. Is there any timeline to it that you can 
specify? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I think you will see that since the last share sale was in 2021, they have not sold a single share 
in the last 2 years, and they have reaffirmed that they do not plan to sell anything at all in the 
coming year either. I think that's the comforting factor, if I were to put across. I hope that answers 
your question. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And just last question is, the presentation deck has mentioned about Management 
, Employees and Board members owning about 3.9% equity in the company and I'm assuming 
that this would include some of the new equity or ESOPs allotted to some of the new joinees 
who have recently joined the company, maybe in the last 1 to 2 years. Is that a fair assumption? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
3.9% of Management, Employees and Board members. Obviously, this is as of March 31, 2023. 
ESOPs, which have been given in recent grants in the last 2 schemes, obviously are not included 
here. Recently, in the last 2 years, we have given almost 14.50 lakhs of ESOPs shares out of the 
total 3 schemes. Obviously, that is not included here. But this is on March 31, 2023, a number 
as on that date. 
Umang Shah: 
Sorry, Ghanshyam ji, the number you mentioned was 14.50 lakh shares, right? 14.50 lakh 
options? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, options. So this option is given to, let's say, all ManCom members, and below it, going up 
to 3 levels, we have gone down to those employees at that level basically. So that will give us a 
lot of confidence. Value creations will happen in coming years. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec Capital. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, with the new tech rollout and the Aavas 3.0, do you see any changes to the underwriting 
model that we currently have? We have largely a decentralized underwriting model. Do you see 
any changes to that? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
So underwriting model, the core of underwriting is actually touch and feel where we go and do 
the assessment of the client, typically self-employed non-professionals. But there are various 
checks and balances, validations of documentation and a lot of clerical stuff which is to be done 
by the underwriting team, which will be taken care by the new technology tools.  
Sachinder Bhinder:              And now will call Ripu -our CCO to add on to what Ashutosh mentioned. 
Ripudaman Bandral: 
Good evening, Ripudaman this side. So with this new technology transition which we are going 
through, it will add efficiency and economies of scale. So there is a lot of work which we do in 
different platforms which would get joined into one. So we'll be able to take a decision which 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
would be much faster and more accurate. And of course, we've been spreading 346 branches and 
our core is touch and feel, which we will continue to do. And we would take the help of 
technology to the most which we can. I hope this answers your query. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. So there's no fundamental change in the underwriting model. Technology will be much 
more enabler in the way that we are doing the business. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes, but just to add on to that on the model which we have developed, which are more 
descriptive, I have Rajaram Balasubramaniam, who has joined Aavas from Citi, New York, to 
underlay what is that it helps in the entire thing and what this technology and this model could 
really help. Raja, why don't you share? He comes directly from Citi, New York to Jaipur. 
R Balasubramaniam: 
Hello, Sachinder. Thank you. Good evening, everybody. I think just to add to what Sachinder 
said, I think if you look really at what technology has done for us today, it has taken away how 
much time it takes for us to receive information from the front end, process that, use our 
intelligence and go back at the point where the customer is being met to give them enabling 
decisions. So to add to what Ashutosh and Ripu said, the fundamental model does not change. 
But what we can do now is have a better vision of how we can use that data to make a more 
calculated decision. So I think that's the objective of using models to get that consistency and 
reliability in every file that we process. So the fundamental building blocks remain the same, the 
fundamental strengths remain the same. We just use technology to leverage that and use data to 
give us an insight into it. That's in short. 
So we're kind of building it in 3 ways, right? So we're building the skills, we're building the 
technology, we're building the culture to embed the analytics into the system. And in terms of 
analytics itself, all of the types of analytics that you already know, whether it's descriptive, 
whether it's prescriptive, predictive, we have a plan to build that into the entire customer 
experience to leverage technology. I hope that gives you a perspective on the technology and 
data integration and how we plan to do that. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
And just to add on, I'll have Jijy to talk about what is the layer of technology which really helps. 
And Jijy has a deep-down experience of having helped technology to build fintech over a period 
of time. Over to you, Jijy. 
Jijy Oommen: 
Yes, thank you so much. Good evening, everyone. Good to have this conversation with you all. 
So when it comes to the technology transformation, we looked at 3 important pillars. One, of 
course, how technology can help us become more efficient faster. At the same time, how it can 
help us scale what we do in a much more efficient, faster and accurate way. And then third is, 
of course, how do we give a great customer experience, right? So when we look at, in the Aavas 
3.0, how do we take our journeys to the next level and make it a great experience for our 
customers? And of course, one of the biggest objectives that we have laid down was how do we 
make the system efficient in such a way that the turnaround time, right, is enhanced significantly. 
And by doing so both operational efficiency and customer experience, both the pillars will be 
taken care of. 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
So with this objective, a year back, we have brought on board Deloitte to help us through the 
digital strategy roadmap exercise, looking at the next 10-year vision of the organization. So we 
have then, chosen to go with best-of-the-class technology tools like Salesforce, and Mule soft 
for doing the entire ecosystem to connect with the Aavas and then which is blended with the 
analytical models. So this will be the front layer of the systems. We are glad to share with you 
that we have completed that first phase of the rollout and as of April, we have rolled out 
Salesforce to the entire organization and April month has been closed well in the new system. 
Of course, currently, we are undergoing another big transformation on our back office and 
middle office systems and we are implementing Oracle Flex Cube and Oracle Fusion on Oracle 
Cloud. So this is to make sure that our systems are much more scalable and robust. So I think, 
the great work that we all have done in different phases, these technology solutions are going to 
make it much more scalable and give a better experience to our customers. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Secondly, if you can share at what level our branch tends to mature, if you can share that 
3 year-old or 4 year-old branches, what is the AUM of that branch or disbursement per month 
of that branch for the cohort of branches which are 3 years of vintage 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Sorry, if you can repeat, we just lost your voice. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes, so like, yes. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Can you repeat the question? 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. So if you can share the AUM of branches which are of 3 years of vintage, the branches 
that you have opened 3 years back, what is the AUM per branch on an average of those branches 
or disbursement of those branches on an average? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, we will, these data points we will share separately or publish it for everyone. But as the 
branch maturity, see, in the Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 town, our branches are very low opex model 
branches, where we take branch rental is roughly INR 20,000 to INR 25,000 per month branch 
rental, then 4 or 5 employees remain there. Because we have a contiguous approach, we don't 
go open a branch and new one immediately. It's a contiguous approach. We keep on doing some 
business from that branch. So we open a branch at that place, so that day 1, the branch starts to 
give us a business. Within a 6-month time frame, our 90% branches have a break-even. Today, 
almost 1-year-old branches are giving us a ROE 12% upward, 3-year-old branches are giving us 
a roughly 20%-odd ROE, basically. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. And lastly, if you can share the AUM breakup -- a geographical breakup of AUM, that 
would be useful. And any comment on how the AUM in Rajasthan has grown in FY '23? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think during this year also Rajasthan, our most of the oldest state; from new business 
perspective we have seen around 25% to 30% growth in the Rajasthan during this full year basis. 
MP has also grown better. State Gujarat and Maharashtra has also grown around 25% plus. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
These are on disbursement basis, right? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. Disbursement basis.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes. Congrats on the quarter. Just one question. We've hiked PLR by 160 bps, but when I look 
at your yield on Slide 22, it has improved only 50 bps Y-o-Y from 12.6% to 13.1%. So is it that 
we are hiking PLR but reducing the spread above PLR for our existing customers? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, we have increased 160 basis points in the full year basis. You see on assets and liabilities, 
both sides, we have a very good mix on interest rate scenario risk basis. My liability is around 
50 basis points around the fixed rate borrowing, I had mentioned earlier in response to another 
question. Asset side also we have around 50% around the fixed rate asset. When we increase our 
rate, almost 50% increase happens on total AUM basis. And remaining 50% fixed rate contract 
has a re-pricing after every 3 years. 
So we can't correlate 160 basis points 100% will have an impact on the overall AUM base 
because my liability is also not increasing in that fashion basically. You will see that positiveness 
is there in ALM, not only tenure basis, but ALM interest rate scenario basis, it has a perfect 
match. 
And second thing, yes, we agree, translation of rate increase in a new business takes some time. 
Laggard impact comes after a quarter basically. So, that has also gone a little bit and our overall 
AUM yield is not showing a complete increasing trend, what we have increased our PLR. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir, let me ask another way, disbursement yield in March 2023 versus disbursement yield in 
March 2022, what would be the increase? Or if you can give the actual numbers, 13 point 
something, 12 point something? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think we will come back on this exact number, how that numbers are there looking basically. 
But as I mentioned, translation of interest rate rising takes its own time on the new business. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. And when we do a PLR hike, it gets transmitted on the spot or with 1 quarter lag, 2 quarter 
lag? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, no. Interest rate when we increase our PLR, we disclose on our website when it is effective, 
like last increase happened on the 5th April 2023, whatever contracts are at a floating rate that 
got impacted on the same day. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Apologies, I joined in a little late, there was an overlap with another earnings call. So just in case 
you've answered any of the questions which I'm about to ask, please let me know. I can always 
listen to the recording. So first things first, I mean, what I heard in the last 15- 20 odd minutes, 
you talked about technology and how it's kind of going to help us. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt -- but the line for you is not very clear, sir.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Is it better now? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
This is much better, sir. Please go ahead. I request you to please repeat your question, right? 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. So I mean, in the last, I would say, 15- 20 minutes that I heard, I think we talked a lot of 
good things that we've done on the technology side and which will maybe help us accelerate 
growth over the next 2 years. I think, I also heard we talk about this technology investments that 
we have done, bring down the TAT. Just wanted to understand, is it a fair understanding that 
TAT, which is about let's say 10 days now would come down to anywhere around 3 to 4 days 
once you have implemented all the technology changes that you want or the technology 
improvements that you want? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. If you see our average lead time is around 11 to 12 days before we went live on the 
Salesforce. We went live as a pilot project on the Salesforce in the month of March. We have 
launched it full-fledged from April. It is under hyper-mode for the 3 months where it will get 
stabilized. Then after that, we will start to see the real result of how the TAT will get reduced. 
But as our vision statement, when we started with Salesforce, we targeted that we will bring 
down TAT between average 6 to 7 days. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. So the second question that I had was on, I think we briefly also mentioned that we very 
recently in April deployed Salesforce. So I'm sure there would have been some teething issues 
in terms of training your credit officers to the new systems. Just wanted to understand by when 
can we expect these teething issues and the new deployments that we are doing in our back office 
and middle office of Oracle FlexCube and Oracle Fusion, by when can we expect these teething 
issues to be settled? And more importantly, I mean, looking at the last quarter where you did 
about INR 1,600 crores of disbursements, which broadly translates into INR 500 crores, INR 
600 crores of monthly disbursement run rate, exit run rate, what is the target that we have in 
mind once these teething issues are behind? And once you have implemented these softwares 
that you're intending to, I mean, should we now start expecting that the disbursement run rate 
will start moving towards that I would say INR 800 crores to INR 1,000 crores? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
So I'll just answer about the teething issues. So any new thing will definitely have some kind of 
a resistance in the training curve. Okay? And every day there is a resolution of the teething 
issues. But just to confirm that Salesforce will never be the hindrance for doing the business for 
us. If it is a teething issue, if it is a training issue, we might have to work harder to clear the 
cases. So yes, it is going to get resolved. So we have completed 1 month. So we are wiser now 
in terms of how to handle Salesforce. Maybe by the end of this quarter, it will be completely up 
and running, but definitely nothing to do with the business. It is not going to be hindering the 
business. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Do you want to comment on the monthly disbursement run rate that you have in mind? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
So we have a plan for the year and accordingly, we will be delivering the numbers in terms of 
monthly run rate. So quarter-on-quarter, we are going to achieve the target as we have planned 
and budgeted. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just the last question. So now with Mr. Sachinder kind of heading this franchise. I mean, is there 
going to be a change in the DNA of the organization? What I mean essentially is we were always 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
reckoned as an affordable housing company doing lower ticket size loans. Over a course of time, 
do you think that there is a change, there will be a change in thought process, you would want 
to also start doing slightly higher ticket sizes as well? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Easy to answer the question, I think the core DNA continues to be the same. And our DNA, it is 
more of deepening the management team, retaining their original DNA. Evaluating hard to 
underwrite credit in SENP and SEP customers backed by mortgage. I think it's more to 
institutionalize to scale up with sustainable quality and which with the franchise is known for 
over a period of 11 long years. 
And have used it to really scale up on that, so our focus is Tier 3 to Tier 5 markets, self individual 
construction home loans, serving the unserved, underserved and unbanked, continues in the 
same momentum, in the same breadth, and the same form with the risk architecture of pooling 
risk adjusted returns. And with growth, first comes the governance, then comes quality, and third 
comes growth. So I think that those overlying factors of DNA as a part of the core DNA does 
not change at all. 
We'll build on the sustained DNA, which has got the franchise to the current level with the 
fundamentals with the store right in place and build on that with sustainable scale and quality 
over a period of coming years. So Abhijit, I think I hope that answers your question. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
What Sachinder said, I think let's on the behalf of the entire management team who are here at 
this moment, and I am let's say, oldest member in the entire group and on the behalf of promoter 
shareholder, we assure you all the company's DNA, company's credit underwriting principles, 
governance factor, those will be top most priority in Aavas 3.0. We will keep governance at the 
topmost, credit quality, culture has remained as the same what we have seen in last 10 years and 
will be similar in the next Aavas 3.0 journey. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Yes. So we have seen about 160 bps PLR hike in the last fiscal. So what I wanted to understand 
was what percentage of AUM has seen rising EMI after you've exhausted the tenor increase? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
At different point of time, we increased 160 basis points in FY '23. Roughly, 90% odd book we 
are seeing has increased its tenure because generally our tenure was not so large in our customer 
segment. So there is enough scope where we have increased the tenure. Around 10% sort of 
customers has got their EMI increased and they are serving their increased EMI going forward. 
Mona Khetan: 
And if I may try to understand to what extent the EMI has increased in terms of percent, whatever 
was the average EMI and to what extent has it increased for these 10% of customers? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
It depends. I think it depends on at what rate and at which tenure customer is there basically. If 
a customer’s average rate is a 12%-odd or 13%-odd, his EMI would have got increased by 
around INR 500 to INR 1,000 per month. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. And what would be the average EMI in your case about INR 10,000 or more? 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
It's INR 12,000. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Secondly, in both of your HL LAP as well as the SME portfolio, 
incrementally, what are the rates that we are onboarding new customers at? 
Siddhartha Srivastava: 
If you look at Non-HL, it ranges between 13% to 15%. And for home loan, it will be around 
10.5% to 12% approximately. 
Mona Khetan: 
And if I may try to understand what was this year back when you were onboarding customer? 
Especially the HL, if you could just mention it? So today it's 10.5% to 12%. What was it say a 
year back? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think I mentioned earlier that there is a transition in interest rate rising period on a time-to-time 
basis. Roughly, we have seen on a different product segment increasing trend in this 50 to 100 
basis points, depending upon the product, depending upon the customer geography. Yes, I 
mentioned earlier also rising interest rate takes its own time to pass on to the new customer 
acquired basically. But now that we'll see in the coming 2 quarters move, a better transition will 
happen. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So just to understand it better, this 160 bps hike, we have not seen a similar hike when it 
comes to onboarding new customers. Is that a fair understanding? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. That's natural. That's not specific to Aavas and it's the natural thing happening in the entire 
lending business. What we increase in the MCLR and PLR rate, new business takes its own time 
in every way to pass on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanket from DAM Capital. 
Sanket Chheda: 
So my question was on this corporate share... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but the volume for you is very low. I request you to please speak closer to 
the mic. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Is it better? 
Moderator: 
Yes, this is much better, sir. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes. So my question was on Corporate, which used to be like 0.1% of the book this quarter the 
exact increase was 0.3%, so about more than INR30 crores something has been increased. What 
was the nature of this? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
I'm sorry. Actually, we're not able to hear. It's not audible. Can you repeat the question again? 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes, I was saying that in the split that we give, retail and corporate, corporate as of last quarter 
was 0.1% and this quarter, it has moved up to 0.3%. So more than about INR 30 crores of 
increase, it is there. So just wanted to understand the nature of this loan. 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
It is normal. It's not in one quarter impact. It's on a full year basis. Last year, we were at the 
0.1%. This year ending we're the 0.3%. So in an overall basis, it is just INR 22 crores-odd 
increase in this segment. Keeping in mind the overall volume and overall AUM, it is not that big 
amount basically. 
And what happens in smaller town, smaller cities, lot of people like directors of a small company, 
they come for a home loan. So that company also comes as a co-applicant and main applicant in 
our case. So, as per regulatory requirement, the loan gets tagged as a corporate. But as far as the 
business model is concerned, we are not or have plan to go in the business of a builder lending 
or large corporate loan lending. 
Sanket Chheda: 
You can maybe check I am seeing it increase, in Q3, it was 0.1% and in Q4 it has moved to 
0.3%. But anyways, I'll select that if that is wrong in the last presentation. The other question 
was maybe on LAP and the pure home loans. This year also on incremental disbursements, 35% 
of the disbursements were to LAP So going ahead, maybe how do we see this mix moving? Can 
it become 35/65? Or we are comfortable giving it a 30/70 LAP and pure home loans? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
As you know, from compliance perspective also we need to remain between 30% to 70% or 35% 
to 65% in that range. It's very difficult to comment on 1%, 2% here and there, basically, it 
depends upon business opportunity. It depends upon what we are able to assign, from the balance 
sheet size basically. But on overall basis, we want to remain between 30% to 35% non-home 
loan or 70% around book home loan book. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. So 30% to 35%. Okay. And last question was on provisioning. So we are probably the 
only HFC that has say increased 90 plus DPD this year, point-to-point. But we have been too 
tight on say providing as a result of it, say, on standard, I said, we just have about 23 bps of 
provisioning and very low provisioning on Stage 2 as well. So how do we see the credit cost 
going ahead? And why is there some reduction in the prudence on having the provisions in the 
book? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, I think point-to-point basis, our Gross NPA is lesser than last year, basically difference on 
account of, as we mentioned in earlier sometime back, updated to all the investors or the 
shareholders that till last year, we acquired some assets under Sarfaesi that got classified as assets 
acquired for sale and not as a loan asset basically. This year from April 1st onwards, we are not 
classifying that loan as asset acquired for sale, but we are treating it as a NPA assets there itself 
basically. So that's why you see some marginal change in that account. If we exclude that 
amount, then our Gross NPA will fall to 0.7% basically. That's apple-to-apple comparison of 2 
periods. 
Secondly, on provisioning, I think we are very well-covered on the provisioning. We are fully 
IndAS compliant, we do historical assessment for our NPA provisioning, considering when the 
asset goes in NPA, how much amount we had recovered from that asset, how much time it takes 
for recovery, accordingly, the provision gets built in the balance sheet. We are fully covered as 
far as the assets provisioning is concerned. 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
And let's say one of the data points which I want to share here, in last 12 years, we disbursed 
almost INR 22,000 crores disbursement. Our total write-off is just INR 25 crores, which is just 
11 basis points on the write-off. So that give us a confidence our provisioning is well covered 
our NPA assets. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Okay. And then lastly, on the management question that you said augmenting the management 
bandwidth. Maybe to capture, let's say, next 10 years growth. So at our side, even if we say, 
growth 20% - 25% will still be below INR 1 lakh crores. The many companies which do have 1 
MD and CEO till they reach that size. Maybe one could have a Deputy CEO. But as far as the 
key position is concerned, we have many examples. So maybe that reasoning made a little sense. 
So any greater understanding on that would be helpful. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think we noted your suggestion. But as a long-term growth, I think management team has good 
bandwidth as Sachinder mentioned, namely CTO, Chief Strategy Officer, CFO, Chief Collection 
Officer, Chief Business Officer and even 1 level below or 2 level below people, we have 7 to 8 
of them in the business side as well. On credit side also we have a number of NCMs basically 
who can underwrite. 
So we have good management bandwidth created for next 10 year growth which we see in the 
market. As we mentioned, we don't give much forward looking numbers. But we see good 
opportunity there in the market as low housing loan penetration. We may see another growth of 
housing loan upgrade happening because of GDP growth and income growth. We see housing 
upgrade and aspirational housing need will also emerge in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. That will also 
help us to deliver better growth in the coming years. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
And just to add on to what Ghanshyamji said, I think from a middle layer management which is 
there, so I think we have robust strong middle layer management, whereas in business 
origination, we have 43% plus of people on the team side, which is more than 3 years vintage. 
On credit & risk side, we have 71% of employees, which are 3 year-plus vintage. And on 
collections, we have 78% employees which are 3 year-plus vintage. So I think that talks about 
the depth of management and the strength of management fitted on the right and strong pillars 
so to say. 
Sanket Chheda: 
I understand layers below the top guy, but my question was more on the top position. But 
anyways, yes. So those were my questions. And I wish you all the luck. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sachinder Bhinder, MD and CEO of the company for the closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thank you all for attending the call. As mentioned last quarter, we will be hosting an Investor/ 
Analyst Day on May 24, 2023, in Bombay to give you all a chance to spend time with the broader 

       
Aavas Financiers Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
leadership team. A formal invite will soon follow. We look forward to hosting you all. For any 
further information, we request you to get in touch with Ghanshyam Gupta in our Investor 
Relations team or SGA, our IR advisors and they would be happy to help you. Wish you all the 
best and God bless you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aavas Financials Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
