 
 
 
eClerx/SECD/SE/2023/011 
 
February 7, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Reg.: Transcript of the earnings call - financial results for the quarter/period ended December 31, 
2022 
 
Scrip Code:  
BSE - 532927 
 
 
NSE – ECLERX 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of earnings call held on February 3, 2023 with respect to 
the financial results of the Company for the quarter/period ended December 31, 2022. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For eClerx Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Pratik Bhanushali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
F8538 
 
Encl.: as above 
Pratik 
Rameshbh
ai 
Bhanushali
Digitally signed 
by Pratik 
Rameshbhai 
Bhanushali 
Date: 2023.02.07 
12:34:15 +05'30'

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
1 
 
 
 
eClerx Services Limited 
Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 03, 2023 
eCLERX MANAGEMENT: 
PD MUNDHRA – CO-FOUNDER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
ANJAN MALIK – CO-FOUNDER AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
SRINIVASAN NADADHUR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS: 
DARSHAN ENGINEER – KARMA CAPITAL 
DIPESH MEHTA – EMKAY GLOBAL 
GUNIT SINGH – INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR 
HITESH ARORA - UNIFI CAPITAL  
RUCHI BURDE – ELARA CAPITAL 
SAMEER DOSANI - ICICI PRUDENTIAL 
SANDEEP SHAH - EQUIRUS SECURITIES  
SHRADHA AGRAWAL - ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES   
TEJVINDER SHARMA – INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR 
VIMAL GOHIL – ALCHEMY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
2 
 
 
 
Asha Gupta: 
Good evening participants and good evening to the management. Welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Call of eClerx Services Limited. Please note that this webinar is being recorded.  
 
To take us through the results and to answer your questions, we have with us the top management of 
eClerx represented by Mr. PD Mundhra, Co-Founder and Executive Director; Mr. Anjan Malik, Co-
Founder and Director; Mr. Srinivasan Nadadhur, Chief Financial Officer. We will start the call with 
brief opening remarks by Srinivasan, and then we will open the floor for Q&A session.  
 
I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call, which gives any outlook for the future 
or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the 
risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are included, but not limited to what 
we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and subsequent annual report, which you 
can find it on our website.  
 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Srinivasan. Over to you, sir. 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur 
Thank you, Asha. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. Welcome to eClerx earnings call for Q3 FY 
'23. We are pleased to report a very strong performance for Q3 with revenues of $85.1 million, which 
is up 3.2% quarter-on-quarter, both in USD as well as in constant currency. Total revenues for the 
quarter were INR 7,045 million, up 5% quarter-on-quarter. Margins in this quarter also held up well 
with EBITDA of INR 2,084 million at a margin of 29.6%, which is up 3% quarter-on-quarter and net 
profit of INR 1,312 million at 18.6%. Our Airoli delivery center comprises of two buildings in the 
same premises. We intend to vacate the older of the two buildings and have taken two floors in the 
newer one, so as to consolidate our presence in contiguous floors of a single building. This has led to 
a reassessment of the lease term of the older building, resulting in INR 54.6 million being added to 
other income in this quarter. There is also an increase in S&D costs in this quarter part of which is 
attributable to the final earn-out for the Personiv acquisition, and the remainder to an increase in 
marketing and travel spend. The increase in DSO from 75 to 82 is attributable to delays in receiving 
purchase orders from some clients. There is a marginal sequential decline in the top 10 client revenues 
as clients chose to cut onshore spend. Attrition has reduced, our benches have consequently reduced 
and therefore, utilization has increased. As you must be aware of the buyback tendering window is 
open from today till February 16, we expect to close a buyback process by end of this month.   
 
Finally, a few words about the future, and then we'll move on to Q&A. So, the macro environment 
continues to be uncertain, and we do expect moderation in demand in CY2023. Other income in Q4 
will be lower compared to the previous two quarters as the payout from the buyback will happen in 
this quarter, and the lease reassessment was a one-time event in Q3. We believe EBITDA margins will 
be towards the lower end of the 28% to 32% range. With this, we come to the end of our opening 
remarks. We can now move on to Q&A. Thank you very much.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Srinivasan. We have first question from the line of Ruchi Burde. 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
3 
 
 
 
Ruchi Burde: 
Thank you and congratulations on a good set of numbers. You mentioned outlook is uncertain, and 
you see demand moderation. Are there certain specific areas where you see this concern being more 
pronounced? Or this is a general caution that you are trying to highlight?  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Ruchi, I think it's more of a general phenomenon than isolated to any specific area. I think what we 
have seen is some slowdown in decision-making with clients particularly in committing to new spends 
because they also are uncertain about economic prospects in the near to medium term. So, from that 
perspective, while we still have a strong pipeline, I think it's probably fair to say that we expect 
conversion will slow down in the weeks and months ahead. 
 
Ruchi Burde: 
Follow on to that, what we pick up from your peers or similar peer sets is that this is the caution led 
by macro is kind of leading to sideways or indecisive, I would say, the activity. Do you see that kind 
of having impact on the roll-off business that we ran, are typically delays in peer signing or decisions 
and which can have an impact on the revenue?  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes. I think Ruchi, apologies if I was not clear, but that is exactly what I was trying to say in my 
previous response that we are already starting to see some slowdown in decision-making, which we 
think will impact the conversion of our existing pipeline. So, to that extent, we think that growth rates 
will moderate in the quarters ahead. I don't know if that answers your question, but that is essentially 
what I was trying to convey. 
 
Ruchi Burde: 
Yes. That answers. Thank you very much and all the best for next quarter. 
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Ruchi. Next question comes from the line of Vimal Gohil  
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir, just to take the previous participant's question forward on the uncertainty you have highlighted, 
probably some of your peers have actually upgraded their guidance to some extent. That is point 
number one. And in the similar context, you can correct me if I'm wrong here, but the typical 
assumption is that there will be more sort of offshoring to players like us where we come into play to 
execute some of their cost takeout projects. So, is the slowdown expectation coming in from your 
normal projects? And how is the digital piece to it? if you can explain your expectation of a slowdown 
in these 3 contexts, please.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes. So, I'll take a stab and then Anjan perhaps you can chime in. I think you're right that when there 
are cost pressures, clients will look at reducing cost by using offshoring among other levers that they 
might have. Having said that, I think our experience has shown that we tend to do far better in more 
positive economic environment and when clients have a freer hand to commit newer spend. So given 
a choice, if you ask us, would we prefer a more bullish economic environment or a bearish economic 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
4 
 
 
environment, I would say hands down the former. So as things become a little bit more uncertain in 
the West, we do expect that will have, to some degree, an adverse impact on growth rates.  
 
On the digital business, more specifically, I think of our 2 or 3 businesses, it's probably the one that 
has a relatively higher proportion of discretionary spend compared to the other two businesses. And 
therefore, I think we will also see some slowdown there in the quarters ahead. But with that, I'll hand 
over to Anjan, if he wants to supplement with some thoughts.  
 
Anjan Malik: 
I echo PD's point, I think actually, our industry is a very, very high beta to U.S. and European GDP 
growth rates. So, I think what we are finding now is that we have large customers that are basically 
pulling in spending because they feel that there might be a recession looming. So, there's just generally 
a conservation of spend that we're seeing, which is what makes us cautious. I think it's not anything 
specific, but we generally do get the sense that Fortune 2000, the enterprise customers are definitely 
reining in spending right now. Having said that, I think your demographic argument (is) exactly right, 
which is that broadly it's a supportive story for India because customers do want to do more in locations 
like India or a lower-cost location. So definitely, we anticipate that the industry has what I would call 
demographic tailwinds. We continue to be very bullish on the industry sort of more medium term. But 
I guess we're raising this caution to dampen some of the expectations that might have been set over 
the last 2 years of growth that we've seen. 
  
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Vimal. Next question comes from the line of Dipesh Mehta.  
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
I just want to get sense on 2, 3 things. First question is about the top 10 clients. You indicated some 
kind of softness and clients are decided to defer some kind of spending. So, if you can provide some 
more details on it, how you expect this top 10 client/any client where we see more weakness in terms 
of cut in spending and something of that sort?   
 
Second question is about Personiv earn-out. Can you help us understand are we done with the Personiv 
earn-out related provisions? Or you think it will continue in coming quarters? And whether the cash 
out is already happened, or it will happen in subsequent period?  
 
And last question is about EBIT margin. If I adjust for other income, we are not seeing rupee 
depreciation benefit in margin. So, if you can help us what played out?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
PD, do you want to take the question on the top 10 clients and I can take the other two.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes. I think on the top 10 clients, as Srini mentioned briefly, we have seen some pullback, particularly 
in onshore spends because in a sort of cost-constrained environment, that is the first area where they 
would want to cut spend. And as you can see, the change is very marginal, it's less than a 1% change 
quarter-on-quarter in top 10 clients spend. So, I wouldn't draw too much conclusions from that 
movement. It's really a small number. I'll hand over to Srini to talk about the other two points. 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
5 
 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Thanks, PD. So, on the Personiv earn-out, we are done with the earn-out for CY2022 is the last period 
for which the earn-out will run for and the payout will actually happen in this quarter, but the provision 
has already been made. And to your question on EBIT margins, the rupee has not depreciated 
significantly against the U.S. dollar in Q3, which is why probably we will not see that impact.  
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. Just on the first question, I understand in Q3, we have not seen much impact in top 10 
clients. But because your broad outlook was about moderation in growth compared to what we did in 
Q3, so are we seeing more implications in the top 10 clients going forward? 
 
PD Mundhra: 
So again, I can take a stab at that. I think it's a portfolio effect. I fully expect with a couple of those 
names, we will see some reduction in spend in CY'23, but conversely, with a couple of other names, 
we have a very strong pipeline, which we are quite optimistic about. So, on the whole, I think the top 
10 performance for us will not be very dissimilar to what's happening with the rest of the business.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Dipesh. We have the next question from the line of Hitesh Arora.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
One is the cost of technical subcontracting, this has been sharply increasing over the past few quarters, 
which obviously impacts the margins. If you could kindly throw some light over there, what's 
happening there that's causing this jump in expenses there?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur 
Right. So, I think there are two aspects. One is the subcontractors that we hired in Europe because 
there was significant demand in our luxury clients, which we were not able to hire people in time to 
service, and we had to hire contractors over there in our European location. So due to that, the cost 
grew up a little bit. And in India, the cost peaked around October and November and has been going 
down. So, I do expect that it will continue to go down.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
Okay. And so even in Europe, is that has peaked or do we see an increase? Because presumably, the 
cost in Europe would be higher because we're paying in foreign currency.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes, the cost is higher, and I think it has peaked. 
 
Hitesh Arora: 
So, it has peaked. 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes. 
 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
6 
 
 
Hitesh Arora: 
So hopefully, we should see some improvement in margins in the coming quarters purely on account 
of that?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes. 
 
Hitesh Arora: 
Just to confirm this Personiv, the impact on P&L, so this was the last payout, right? I think the previous 
participant asked the question, just to confirm.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
That's correct.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
And the last one was, we had discussed in the last quarter, Mr. Mundhra had said that, not as a guidance 
but he said that even if we do 3% Q-o-Q growth in revenue, that would be a good outcome. So, over 
the last 3 months, how are we looking now that we would have presumably better visibility over the 
next year, how are we looking at things in terms of growth, et cetera? 
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes, Hitesh, thanks. Very honestly, nothing more to add to sort of the remarks and the responses to 
earlier questions. I think if you look at a year-over-year basis, we are up about 18%, 19% for the 9-
month period. And I think that's actually a pretty good outcome so far. As we've indicated, we think 
that number will trend down for sure in the quarters ahead. But I think to Anjan's point, the medium-
term environment is still good. We expect to see some moderation in growth in the near term, but 
medium term, we see no reason for concern.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
And any visibility of the roll-offs? 
 
PD Mundhra: 
I think we'll see some roll-offs as clients' reset budgets, especially those who are taking more 
conservative cost transits with respect to their businesses. But I would say, to some degree, at least, 
that level of roll-off is factored into our outlook. If we see something lumpy that we don't have 
visibility to now, that may change the picture. But I would say, a normal level of roll-offs is factored 
into our outlook.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
And just one last question, please. See, previously, you talked about M&A. You said easy liquidity 
conditions, increased valuations, increases competition from hand funds. But now the liquidity 
scenario is much more different. How do you see M&A opportunities here? Now you've got 
presumably some more compelling valuations, less competition now. Any thoughts there in this 
context for M&A's opportunities for you?  
 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
7 
 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
We are certainly seeing more targets being presented. I think whether the valuations work out and 
whether the business is of interest to us and whether we'll be able to make something of that business 
in the long term, those questions still remain, we are open to it. And I think the point that you made 
about liquidity not being as easy as it used to be. I think that is sort of reflected in the higher number 
of deals getting shown.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
Are you looking actively at deals? Sorry, I missed it if you said that.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes. I mean we are always looking actively at deals. 
 
Hitesh Arora: 
Is it more within domestically or outside India as well?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Our preference is for businesses that have a greater offshore business, offshore doesn't necessarily 
mean India for greater offshore presence and supporting maybe Europe or North American 
geographies.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Hitesh. We have next question from the line of Sandeep Shah.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to understand when you see uncertain macro environment and impacts on the growth 
rates in the coming quarters, do you mean on a Y-o-Y basis, in terms of Y-o-Y growth in the coming 
quarters versus Q-on-Q basis? Or what do you mean exactly in terms of moderation in growth? I think 
you meant on a Y-o-Y basis.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Sandeep, I think the outcome is not that different, depending on whichever of those two metrics you 
look at. I mean big picture, if you look at it, FY '22 for us was about 25% growth year. FY '23, we are 
at about 19% for the 9 months so far. So, there's already a deceleration between '22 and '23. And to 
the remarks that we've shared, we think that deceleration will continue in FY '24. So inevitably, the 
quarter-on-quarter numbers will also come down from, let's say, we were averaging 5% last year. This 
year has probably been somewhere between 3% and 4%. And I think that number may edge down in 
the near term.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And despite some moderation in demand and the utilization is still not at the peak levels where 
we used to operate around a few quarters back, the recruitment in this quarter has been healthier. And 
on a net addition basis, it amounts to close to 5% Q-on-Q addition. So, what leads to this good healthy 
recruitment as a whole? 
 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
8 
 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
So, the utilization number I should clarify is, we have restated the numbers for FY'23 - Q1 to Q3 
because some of the Personiv calculation was not correct. So, we had to restate that. And we think that 
a more stable figure, including for the overall firm may not be the 78% or 80% that we have seen in 
the past. It will be a lower number. On the recruitment per se, I think at least between Q1 to Q2 and 
Q2 to Q3, you can clearly see that our headcount addition has gone down. Part of it is because of 
demand. Part of it is also because we don't need to replace people as much. 
 
PD Mundhra: 
Sandeep, sorry, just on a factual note, I think we've added about 500 employees between Q2 and Q3. 
So that's about 3%, not 5%.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. And in terms of the payout of the Personiv, which you said may hit the cash flow starting from 
Q4 of this financial year. What could be the quantum, if you can?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
I think the big provision that we made was in Q1, and that was disclosed at that point of time, I think 
it was something like INR 21 crores or something like that if I'm not mistaken. The one in this is a top 
up to that. So, it's not a very material amount, which is why we have not pointed out separately, and it 
flows down from EBITDA onwards. So, it is just a top up to the big provision that we made in Q1 of 
this year.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
And in terms of cash flow, I guess, the big payout this quarter will be for the buyback. So, the buyback 
and associated taxes is the vast majority of the cash outflow that will happen. The Personiv payout is 
a small rounding error to that.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, I agree. And you expect the buyback to conclude and the money to be transferred to the 
shareholders by end of this year itself, before March.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
By the end of February.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And the payout for Personiv would be INR 21 crores, right?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Give or take, yes.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And last question, sir. Srini, I actually missed some of your initial remarks, which you called 
out related to lease facilities as well as margins because my line was not clear. So, if you can repeat 
the same will help me.  
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
9 
 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur 
Yes. On the other income, you can see an INR 54 million increase, that is because of lease 
modification. We are present in two buildings in Airoli, we have given up the older one and we have 
taken up two floors, which is contiguous to the three floors that we already have in the new building, 
so that we will be in five floors in a single building. And that change has led to a reassessment of the 
lease term of the older building. So that's why the INR 54.6 million added to other income in this 
quarter.  The difference between the lease liability and the ROU asset has got added to the P&L. So 
that was on the lease. And on the margins, I was just speaking some factual points on the EBITDA 
INR 208 crores and the net profit INR 131 crores. 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, what is the put and takes for the margin movement in this quarter? And what is the expectation on 
margin?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
We think that other income in Q4 will not be as strong as the previous two quarters because we have 
been making a payout for the buyback plus this lease assessment, which got added to other income, is 
a one-time event. So, all in all, we feel that EBITDA margins will be at the lower end of FY'23. On 
the positive side, the lower attrition, easing of supply side constraints, I think those will help, lower 
subcontracting fees also I expect as I think to the point that someone asked earlier.   
 
Asha Gupta 
Thank you, Sandeep. Next question comes from the line of Shradha Agrawal.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
So, you did indicate about demand trends in digital, but possible to talk about demand in financial 
services and cable and telecom?  
 
Anjan Malik: 
In financial markets and in customer operations, which is sort of CX business, I think it's pretty much 
driven by what's happening in the macro market. If you look at our broad book of business, there's an 
element of consulting, which is onshore, there's pieces of work that we do, which are more project-
oriented or longer-term sales which are onshore and then there's offshore work. So, I think we've 
certainly seen spending restrictions on the onshore book of work affecting our onshore business. Our 
offshore book of work hasn't really been impacted that much across both those businesses. We see 
demand coming back over the next 18 months. But at the moment, we are cautious for the next year 
because we feel that a lot of our clients are under pressure in their own businesses, which is making 
them very cautious about spending money with third-party vendors. 
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
But if I ask you look at the growth numbers reported by some other pure-play BPO companies or even 
integrated IT BPO companies, their growth rates in BPO segment does indicate that traction seems to 
be continuing at least from their perspective. So, do you think it's just more of some client-related 
issues that is making us more cautious compared to our other peers?  
 
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
10 
 
 
Anjan Malik: 
Shradha, it’s hard to talk about the composition of the peer group because first of all, certainly, the IT 
sector is not really what I would call a comparison because the kind of business they do versus the 
kind of business we do is very different. We've had very strong growth rates up until now, which is in 
line with what other people in the industry seem to have enjoyed. I'd say that the only difference is 
that we may have divergent views of the immediate future. And I think we're taking a more cautious 
view on the future than other people are. It may be that doesn't turn out to be the case because if, for 
example, the U.S. recession is avoided, European recession is avoided, rates normalized, it could be 
that consumer spending continues, and our clients come back and start spending a lot of money 
towards the second half of the year. And that's entirely possible. All I'm saying is that I think if you 
were to look at now versus the last 2 years, it certainly seems a little more muted from a demand 
perspective.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Right. And just one question. In ROW, we have been seeing some strong growth rates for the last 2, 3 
quarters. So what exactly is driving growth in ROW for us?  
 
Anjan Malik: 
Do you mean rest of the world? PD, do you want to take it? 
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Yes, rest of world.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
I think a lot of that growth actually probably is more on the digital side of the house, where I think 
we've created quite a good footprint in Asia, specifically in Singapore and Australia. So, I think clients 
there are probably contributing to the growth that you see for the rest of the world.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Right. And one bookkeeping question, if I can ask. The realized rupee-dollar rate for this quarter seems 
to be low compared to the actual rupee-dollar rate. So, any thoughts on how is it calculated? And why 
is it low vis-a-vis the actual rates of the quarter?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
This is an average rate. So, I don't know what you are looking at.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Sir, it is coming to be INR 80.7 for us, whereas the average rate for the quarter has been close to INR 
82.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur  
Okay. We can talk off-line, Shradha.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Sorry, Shradha, just one point that I can make on that is I think probably the way our accounting would 
work is for all the hedges, we would recognize the revenue at the hedge rate. And most of those hedges 
would be at lower rate than spot given the recent depreciation that has happened, right? So, our average 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
11 
 
 
that you see of INR 80.7 or whatever the number is, is some weighted average of the old hedges that 
have matured during the quarter at not great rates and whatever we may have sold at spot.  
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Right. That's helpful, PD. And just one last question, if I can squeeze in. I don't know if I missed out 
on this part, but the sales and marketing expenses and depreciation expenses also seem to have shot 
up significantly this quarter. So does the Personiv payout provision fall into S&M?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
The Personiv payout provision does fall in selling and distribution costs and also there has been an 
increase in travel and other marketing spend. So, these two points together have caused the increase 
in S&D costs. And the depreciation is on account of the equipment that we have bought. I think, 
quarter-on-quarter, we will see an increase in CapEx and consequent depreciation.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Shradha Agrawal. The next question comes from the line of Ruchi.  
 
Ruchi Burde: 
This is more a clarification to Srini, for the facility consolidation in the Airoli facility, do we see some 
margin implications also at play in the coming quarter?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
No, I don’t think so.  
 
Asha Gupta:  
Thank you Ruchi. There's a follow-up question from line of Sandeep Shah.  
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Srini, just wanted to understand what are the current regulations for SEZ in terms of work from office 
and what is the percentage which we track in terms of people working from home and people working 
from office. And do you expect a headwind towards that going forward in targeted facility-related 
costs? 
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
The current regulations are that people working from SEZ facilities are allowed to work from home 
100% if required till December 31st of this year. And anything beyond that, I think we'll have to wait 
for any announcements to come. At the moment, we are somewhere between 45% and 50% work from 
office, which means that on any given day, half of our staff is coming to office. And at the point that 
is let's say, everybody were to come to office, there would be an increase in transportation cost. 
Transportation, housekeeping, facility, all those costs will increase. 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
So this 45%, 50% can continue in CY'23?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes.  
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
12 
 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. In this quarter, in the margin slide, we have also mentioned an earnout payment of INR 24 
million towards Personiv. So this is over and above what we have provided earlier, right?  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Yes, that is the provision for this month, for this quarter.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Next question is from the line of Hitesh Arora.  
 
Hitesh Arora: 
Sir, just a little more strategic. While we have seen the slowdown and we've talked about it, any 
thoughts on how are we looking to tackle the slowdown in terms of maybe trying to onboard more 
clients or are we sort of more mature already in the financial services space? Or maybe is it via getting 
more book of work from the same set of clients or diversifying into more geographies. If you could 
just give some thoughts there, how can we tackle the slowdown for the coming year?  
 
Anjan Malik 
So Hitesh, I think it's pretty much the same things that we've been doing in the past, right? So I think 
we've talked about the last 5 years where we've set out a bunch of initiatives. And I think those 
initiatives helped us tremendously over the last 2 years when demand came back. And I would say we 
doubled down those initiatives. So there would be, for example, sort of a productization initiative 
we've identified 5 or 6, what we would call arrows in where we have technology and capabilities that 
differentiate us sufficiently from competition and our clients find resonant, that service is resonant. 
We want to invest more in those business because we feel that those are high demand areas. So they 
could be, for example, areas like KYC or client onboarding, market operations, the work we're doing 
around, let's say, logistics in a FieldTech operations space, work we are doing around analytics, work 
we're doing in, let's say, marketing automation, these are all areas where we feel that we have 
tremendous IP, our client base and technology and automation. So, we want to invest in that area more 
and more. Our focus on client's add coverage continues as always, which means that we're always 
looking to upgrade salespeople, add salespeople. But in our view, it's not a numbers game, it's a quality 
game. So I think actually, interestingly, when the market slows down, you have an opportunity to 
upgrade your teams, which we will, of course, be doing over the next few years. There's continued 
focus on what we would say, building the front end of our service set, which is consulting and the 
onshore capabilities. So, I think we're going to continue building that out because we feel that, that 
gets us closer to the customer in a way that hasn't happened in the past. I think there is one other area, 
which is that we also feel that in a period where demand slows down and attrition slows down, you 
also have an opportunity to build capabilities and depth in our delivery teams, which also gets us closer 
to customers. So, I think there's a number of initiatives that we have going, which we will continue 
on.   And I think Srini also mentioned fifth looking at M&A opportunities. So, we continue to feel that 
in a market which weakened there may be opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions. So we would look at 
that as well. So, I think nobody is standing still. We're all at it, and we feel that whether the market is 
supportive or not, that's not really for us to decide, but we feel like if we execute well in these 4, 5 
arrows, we have a good future ahead.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Hitesh. We have the next question from the line of Tejvinder Sharma. 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
13 
 
 
 
Tejvinder Sharma: 
My question is that in some of the verticals we have, our major chunk of revenue coming from 1 or 2 
clients only and they are very high revenue clients for us. So, what's our long-term or a short-term 
strategy to de-risk that because given the fact that if the revenue is coming from only 1 or 2 clients, it 
also carries some associated risks? 
 
Anjan Malik: 
I think ultimately, you have to look at the trajectory of concentration. For example, today, our top 10 
clients represent the lowest percentage of revenue that we've ever had. There's an ongoing focus on 
reducing our reliance on large customers, which is effectively acquiring new customers and making 
sure that we maximize the value, the net present value of revenue that we generate from those clients 
once we access them over the lifetime. I think we've actually done a pretty good job of it, especially 
if you look at some of the metrics around our performance in, say, clients that are north of $0.5 million 
in revenue and under $3 million in revenue. I mean those are metrics internally that we incentivize our 
client teams to focus on. So, there's definitely every focus on trying to diversify. Having said that, for 
companies of our size, just smaller companies, you have to expect that we would have client 
concentration. In fact, what makes you strong makes you weak in a way, right? So, we have no 
anticipation that we would stop focusing on our top clients because we also want them to grow, and 
we feel that we learn from them. And we also feel that with our record of performance with those 
clients, we have an opportunity to grow footprint, so we're going to keep doing both.  
 
Tejvinder Sharma: 
And I have a follow-up question on that. Again, it's something similar to what I just asked. So basically, 
we have a major chunk, again, coming from some of the geos in the current states or what's you plan 
to diversify in the other geos?  
 
Anjan Malik: 
I think maybe PD can answer the question about digital. But I think if you look at the two businesses 
of financial markets and customer operations, I'd say that they are basically Anglo-Saxon businesses 
in the sense that they effectively serve Anglo-Saxon markets, right? So they're English-speaking and 
they work primarily with U.S. plus, plus clients. I don't anticipate that, that is going to change in the 
short term. If anything, we expect that growth will continue to come more from U.S. customers 
because we see them as being winners in this broad market consolidation. I expect in digital PD, you 
may have a different view. So maybe you can answer that question.  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Thanks, Anjan. Well, actually, I mean I don't think it's very different. Of course, we have more regional 
opportunities in Europe, particularly because of the CLX business, where we have an ability to serve 
Italian and French clients along with German clients. But away from that, Anjan is right, I think the 
biggest market for companies like us will always be the U.S. And then after that, if you look at the big 
English-speaking sort of high GDP per capita countries, it's the U.K., Canada, Australia, so I think 
those are the places which will be more amenable for us to provide services. So, I don't think that the 
geo concentration worries us. Certainly, the top 10 client concentration to Anjan's earlier comments is 
something that we would like to continue reducing over time.  
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
14 
 
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Tejvinder. Next question comes from the line of Gunit Singh. 
 
Gunit Singh:  
I have a question regarding the growth projections itself, which we have discussed. We know that the 
macro environment going forward is cautionary. But previously, we had internal growth projections 
of around going at 4% by quarter as far as the previous calls. But right now, is the management having 
some internal growth projections, like even though we have a slowdown, looking at the pipeline or the 
order book, what can we expect for the next quarter, say, the next year, like single-digit growth? Or 
are we still looking to grow in small double digits. So, I just want to hear your thoughts on that? 
 
PD Mundhra: 
So Gunit, to be honest, I'm not sure that we ever shared the specific number as a guidance for growth 
because very honestly, I would say we as a team don't really have that degree of specific visibility. 
And we are still a relatively small P&L, small business and individual client events can have a material 
effect on growth outcomes for a given quarter or year. So, it's hard for us, even internally to come up 
with forecasts that are very precise, which is why we typically don't share any quantitative guidance 
with the market. I think qualitatively, our assessment stands, which is, I think, to the point that we 
made earlier, FY '22 was 25%, FY '23 so far is 19%, and we expect a slowdown to continue, at least 
in the near term. Medium term, we're still very optimistic about the business. So, I would restrict our 
outlook to those comments because I think they accurately and completely capture what we know 
about the future at this point.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you Gunit. We have next question from the line of Darshan Engineer.   
 
Darshan Engineer: 
So, thanks for the conservative guidance, I appreciate that kind of honesty from management. Just a 
question relating to the longer-term and shorter-term views on the growth outlook. So, you said that 
in the near term, you do feel cautious, it sounds logical as well. But you also said that on an 18-month 
to medium-term view, you are quite positive on the growth prospects and demand trend. So, if you 
can just explain, so this cautious view is for the next 2 to 3 quarters because somewhere down the line, 
you will start a resumption of spends across various industries and so on because people will eventually 
emerge out of the recessionary trends. And therefore, should we expect that this cautious view is for 
the next 2 to 3 quarters and then possibly you can see some improvement again?  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes. I think, again, Darshan, to be honest, the visibility we have at any given time is probably a 3- to 
6-month-type visibility because whatever is in our pipeline, will either convert or will sort of peter out 
by then. So, it's hard to sort of (predict) longer than that. All we can share with you is what we see as 
of now, and we'll update that assessment when we speak again in 3 months' time. But Anjan, I don't 
know if you want to add something to that?  
 
Anjan Malik: 
Yes, I think our view about the future is always based on effectively what we think is going to happen 
in the macro market. And from all that we hear and read and in our discussions with our clients, I 
understand is that if there is a recession if there's a reduction in spending, we anticipate it to be short 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
15 
 
 
term. Nobody expects it to be a deep recession. But again, we're not economic soothsayers. So, when 
we say we expect it to be not a very long-term impact, it's because of that. The reason we remain 
bullish about the medium term is because we feel that the services that we provide and in the areas 
that we provide them in are exceptionally valuable to our clients. It's in very high demand. The fact 
that we can provide operations capabilities, technology and analytics capabilities and consulting 
capabilities altogether, in a very cost-effective manner in our areas of expertise, we feel that those 
services are in very high demand because those businesses continue to grow for our customers. So, I 
think that's why we're saying in the short-term we were a bit more sanguine; in the longer term, we're 
quite bullish.  
 
Darshan Engineer: 
Understood. And you made an interesting comment on the approach that currently our business is 
mainly Anglo-Saxon kind of countries. But from a longer-term point of view, do you have plans to 
also look at non-Anglo-Saxon markets because eventually, a lot of them are high-cost countries, even 
though their market opportunity may not be as large as the Anglo-Saxon market, but do you think that 
eClerx can create a similar kind of business in the long term, even in those kind of markets because 
we do have a very large Spanish-speaking population and some in South America and maybe Mexico 
and parts of Europe. And many of these are also high-cost countries, and therefore, eventually, there 
will be some outsourcing of basic work or maybe some kind of quality work that you do. So do you 
expect that in the long term that you can look at this as a growth market for yourself?  
 
Anjan Malik: 
Again, I think that's a pretty hypothetical question. So, the first thing I'll caveat that by saying that, 
look, ultimately, if you really want to have a macro discussion, what you really need to look at is GDP 
per capita and look at what the Anglo-Saxon markets make up as a percentage of GDP per capita 
above, let's say, USD 50,000 versus other languages. And you'll find that the Anglo-Saxon markets 
are very, very much larger than any of the other single languages. That's one. Two, I think for a 
company of our size, which has limited resources compared to other large companies, I think you have 
to pick your bets. And I think as I said to you right at the beginning, I think focus is the #1 priority for 
us as a firm. So, if we choose 5, let's say, arrows or access to invest in, then I'd say that focusing on 
Spanish language is not 1 of those access. Now it may be that through an acquisition, we end up 
acquiring both a client and the delivery side in Latin America and that may well happen. And we will 
assess that on individual merits. But we're not out there looking to hedge that in the currencies because 
we continue to feel that demand is largely in the Anglo-Saxon markets.  
 
Darshan Engineer: 
Got it. And one last question. I mean on your emerging businesses and on your more value-added 
businesses such as consulting and analytics, I mean you do have those kind of businesses and some of 
your verticals or horizontals whichever way you want to put it. But any more qualitative comment on 
how you plan to accelerate the growth in those kind of businesses? Because now we do have a listed 
company who does similar kind of work, maybe not exactly comparable, but there is one. And at the 
same time, there are a few more companies in the pipeline who plan to list on markets and who have 
similar kind of businesses, maybe more focused on India, but at the same time, they are doing that 
kind of business in India. 
  
 
 

eClerx Services Limited 
February 03, 2023 
16 
 
 
PD Mundhra: 
So I think look, as far as other companies are concerned, I don't know that we have the ability to 
comment on that. I guess time will tell in terms of sustained performance. As far as our business is 
concerned, I would say probably one of the fastest-growing segments of our business is the analytics 
and automation piece for which we do share numbers on an annual basis. And certainly, that business 
has been growing faster than the rest of our book. And I think we continue to see good prospects for 
those services with clients. But we do think that it's important for us to focus and try and build those 
capabilities around the industry verticals and the service areas that we already have a presence in 
because there we have some differentiation and some ability to right-to-win engagements. So, I think 
our focus will continue to be in and around our current product areas.  
 
Darshan Engineer: 
And acquisitions can be one of the ways to add on to those capabilities?  
 
PD Mundhra: 
Yes. I think as Srini mentioned, we have a very open mind for acquisitions. So we don't really have a 
very tight filter for the types of assets we look at. But you have to sort of look at each of them on their 
respective merits and the fit with our current business and our assessment of our ability to potentially 
add some value to the combined business going forward. So, I think the idea is to keep an open mind, 
look at everything and then try and take a very rational view on what the fit might be with the existing 
portfolio.  
 
Anjan Malik: 
And I do see that as more companies of our nature list in the public markets, it sort of creates a more 
equal playing field because in part the problem we find in the M&A space is that the price-to-quality 
ratio for private assets tends to be pretty poor. So, if you look at companies like us who I would argue, 
operate at a level of corporate governance is very high. And you look at like the assets that we often 
get to see. I think there's a big disparity in the quality, but the price multiples tend to be high. So, I 
think as we get more comparators listing, I think broadly, it's great for us, and I think it's broadly great 
for the investor community.  
 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Darshan. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand over the call to Srinivasan 
for closing comments. Over to you, Srinivasan.  
 
Srinivasan Nadadhur: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and we can see you back again next quarter. Thank 
you so much. Bye-bye.  
