 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
 
May 16, 2023 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BSE       
 
 
 
 
 
                                ISIN: 
INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on May 11, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated May 04, 2023, intimating you about the conference call 
with Analysts/Investors held on May 11, 2023, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com.  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
VISHAL 
KAMALAKSH
A BHAT
Digitally signed by 
VISHAL 
KAMALAKSHA BHAT 
Date: 2023.05.16 
18:09:44 +05'30'

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q4 FY 22-23 Earnings Conference Call 
  
 
 
May 11, 2023 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BSE Limited Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference 
Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman, Head Investor Relations, BSE Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, Faizan. Good evening, everyone. This is Anand from Investor Relations, and 
welcome to BSE's earnings call to discuss Q4 and FY 2023 results.  
Joining us today on this earnings call is BSE's leadership team consisting of Mr. Sundararaman 
Ramamurthy, Managing Director, and CEO; Mr. Nayan Mehta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sameer 
Patil, Chief Business Officer; Mr. Girish Joshi, Chief of Trading Operations and Listing Sales; Mr. 
Subhash Kelkar, Chief Technology Officer; and Mr. Kersi Tavadia, Chief Information Officer. 
Do note that this conference is being recorded and the transcript of this call, along with the 
earnings release and presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of the BSE India 
website. Before we get started, I will have to once again take this opportunity to remind you that 
our remarks today will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially 
from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. And any forward-looking 
statements that we make today on this call are based on assumptions and BSE assumes no 
obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. 
With this, I will now request Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy, MD and CEO, to give a brief 
overview of the company's financial and business performance for FY 2023. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, everybody, and thanks a lot for joining the call today. It gives me 
great pleasure, as always, to address you all today. It's been an interesting journey for me since 
Jan 4, 2023, when I joined as MD and CEO of BSE. As you may recall in the last quarter earnings 
call, I had informed that my primary priority is to make BSE a vibrant exchange. I'm glad that we 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
entered the FY 2023, having made progress in this regard. The major priority areas driving our 
road map are trading segments of equity, currency derivatives and equity derivatives segment. 
Some of the changes that we have brought are as follows. In equities cash segment, BSE has 
reduced the tick size for scrips below 100 to Rs. 1 paisa from Rs. 5 paisa. As you know, this is 
unique for BSE. In currency derivatives, we have introduced another unique feature new strike 
price intervals of Rs. 10 paisa for our USDINR contracts in addition to the existing Rs. 25 paisa 
strike prices. The Equity Derivatives segment, I'm happy to inform that we are relaunching Sensex 
and Bankex derivative contracts with lower lot size and a different expiry on Friday, from the 
traditional Thursday expiry. We believe that these changes will bring more traction. This relaunch 
is happening on May 15, 2023.  
It is early days. Still, I'm happy to inform you the changes in equity cash and USDINR options that 
we have already brought in have been well received by the market. We are seeing some positive 
traction in this regard. I also want to update you that BSE has discontinued the liquidity 
enhancement schemes that were ongoing for equity derivatives and commodity derivatives with 
effect from April 1, 2023.  
In addition, BSE has discontinued software services and hardware infrastructure services that 
were being offered under the technology program with effect from May 1, 2023. On the stand-
alone level for these schemes and services, BSE had incurred cost of about Rs. 32 crores in FY 
2023. The relaunched equity derivatives contract we feel will attract volumes and hence, we have 
discontinued the LES. 
Let me now start with the financial updates. FY 2023 was a challenging year. As I mentioned 
earlier, we have, however, made good progress on our main priorities and setting ourselves up to 
deliver better results in the days to come. Surpassing all previous year’s performance, I'm happy 
to inform that BSE delivered a record year again in terms of revenues to reach a total revenue of 
Rs. 954 crores for FY 2023 as compared to Rs. 864 crores in FY 2022, a growth of 10%. Similarly, 
BSE's operational revenues have grown by 10% to Rs. 816 crores from Rs. 743 crores. 
The net profit attributable to shareholders of the company stands at Rs. 221 crores from Rs. 254 
crores in the previous year, which is a decline of 13%. The decline is due to the added contribution 
to the core settlement guarantee fund or the core SGF, to the tune of Rs. 55 crores at a consolidated 
level. This is an increase of 89% year-on-year. This is on account of added contribution to the 
currency derivatives and EGR segments. 
I will now share some of the key financial numbers on a consolidated basis for the year ended 
March 31, 2023, as compared to the previous year. 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The clearing and settlement operational revenues increased by 64% from Rs. 45.3 crores to Rs. 
74.3 crores. Treasury income from clearing and settlement funds have increased by 51% from Rs. 
55.1 crores to Rs. 83.2 crores. Other operating revenue, which includes data dissemination fees, 
training income, software income has increased by 32% from Rs. 68 crores to Rs. 90 crores. 
Investment income increased by 12% from Rs. 97.5 crores to Rs. 109.3 crores. The operating 
EBITDA for FY 2023 stands at Rs. 197.4 crores from Rs. 213.1 crores last year. Operating EBITDA 
margin reducing to 24% from 29% earlier. The net profit margin stands at 22% as against 28% 
last year as a result of increased in computer technology-related expenses, an increase in core 
SGF as stated earlier. 
On back of these financial results, it's my pleasure to inform you that the Board of Directors of 
BSE Limited has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 12 per equity share, having a face value of 
Rs. 2 for the financial year 2022-23, subject to the approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting. The total payoff with the dividend Payout ratio of 98.8% of the current year's 
profit would be Rs. 165 crores on a stand-alone basis.  
I'm confident that as we enter FY 2024. We are well positioned to meet the evolving needs of our 
customers and create value for our shareholders.  
On the business side, let me start by covering our primary market segment.  
Fund raising by India continues to be buoyant and BSE platforms continue to remain as well as 
the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital. In FY 2023, the BSE platform has 
enabled issuers to raise Rs. 14.4 lakh crores to issue of equity bonds, commercial papers, 
municipal bonds, InvITs, etc. The total number of investor accounts registered with BSE now 
stands at 13.05 crores, which was 10.15 crores in the previous year, a growth of 29%.  
As you may be aware, the equity cash segment has experienced a period of subdued performance 
in FY 2023, likely attributed to challenging market conditions. But Mutual Fund segment at BSE 
has been showing interesting and sustained growth. 
For the year ended March 31, 2023, the average daily turnover in equity cash segment stands at 
Rs. 4,132 crores, down by 22% as compared to last year. The average daily turnover in equity 
derivatives segment stands at Rs. 1.38 lakhs crores, down 48% as compared to the last year. The 
average daily turnover in currency futures stands at Rs. 18,569 crores, registering growth of 50% 
as compared to the last year. The average daily turnover in currency options stands at Rs. 7,030 
crores. and with the changes that we have brought in, there will be growth in this segment. 
Moving on to our mutual fund business, BSE Star MF, a comprehensive platform, continues to 
generate compounding revenue growth and delivered another year of record revenues and 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
performance, up 56% year-on-year to reach Rs. 78.6 crores. The strong growth is a testament to 
the strategic broadening of our business model. This gives us the ability to deliver growth through 
an array of macroeconomic environment and BSE's continued commitment with the equities 
market and mutual funds in India. 
The total number of transactions processed by BSE Star MF grew by 43% to reach 26.5 crores 
transactions in FY 2023 from 18.5 crores the last year. BSE's market share stands at 87% among 
exchange distributed platforms. The BSE Star MF has been consistently reaching new highs in 
terms of transactions in the platform, processing a new high of 52.3 lakh transactions in a single 
day in April 2023. On an average, the platform process over 2.2 crores transactions per month in 
FY 2023 as compared to 1.54 crores in FY 2022. This demonstrates the scalability and reliability 
of BSE's platform Star MF.  
Now I shall cover developments to our subsidiary companies.  
India International Exchange IFSC or India INX, the BSE Promoter International Exchange at Gift 
City, the average daily trading turnover stands at USD 13.1 billion with a market share of over 
90% for FY 2023. India INX has about USD 70 billion medium-term notes established and about 
USD 50 billion of bond listings till date. India INX Global Access platform for investors wanting to 
invest in global securities has grown to reach a total trading turnover of USD 27.1 billion for FY 
2023.  
On the insurance distribution front, BSE Ebix Insurance Broking where BSE holds 40% stake 
through its subsidiary, BSE Investments is now integrated with 26 insurance companies. The total 
premium collected is Rs. 24.3 crores for FY 2023, a growth of 103% compared to the previous 
year. BSE e-agricultural markets called BEAM a transparent commodity spot trading platform to 
facilitate spot commodities transactions across the value chain has now enrolled 1,342 members 
and executed trades were Rs. 148 crores in Agri and steel segments on the platform during the 
year. The company is working very closely with several governments and their agencies for direct 
procurement and disposal of commodities. 
In closing, I can say FY 2023 was a challenging but pivotal year for BSE. We have made important 
progress on our priorities, and we have taken significant steps to improve our product profile. 
As we move forward, we see that there is a significant opportunity to continue to expand and 
evolve the products and services within our core business. The continued investment in our 
mutual fund business to the innovations that we bring to our trading systems and market data 
products, BSE is well positioned for long-term success and growth, I'm really focused on doing 
this in a way that helps BSE as well as the market participants, and this will stay our theme for 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
the years to come and will make BSE more vibrant. We are set up well to build on this work in 
2024 as we continue investing for future growth while remaining focused on delivering strong 
financial performance. With these updates, I now hand over the call back to Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, sir, for these updates. With this overview, let me now welcome you all once 
again for the Q&A session. Now handing over the call to Faizan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain:  
And first, let me congratulate on a great set of numbers. So just a question on the financials. So if 
I look at the revenue or the income line items, there are some like other securities services from 
Rs. 26 crores to Rs. 35 crores on a Q-on-Q basis. Other operating income has doubled in from Rs. 
18 crores to Rs. 35 crores. And so, as the other income jumped from Rs. 6 crores to Rs. 12 crores 
on to play growth. So, can you explain these line items as what has caused the jump in these line 
items? 
Nayan Mehta: 
Prayesh, just covering one-by-one, which as you said? 
Prayesh Jain: 
Other security services has gone up from Rs. 26 crores to Rs. 35 crores Q-on-Q. Other operating 
income going up from Rs. 18 crores to Rs. 35 crores and other income going up from Rs. 6 crores 
to Rs. 12 crores? 
Nayan Mehta: 
So Prayesh, the other security services income comprises from the revenue which we are deriving 
from other group companies in terms of not only treasury income from clearing and settlement, 
its clearing and settlement charges. And it also includes various fees such as your admission fees, 
processing fees and all other fees. So, this is a, because this year, there was an increase in the 
margins and deposits also which we received and the overall clearing activity, which happened. 
So, there is an increase in the other securities services. Other operating income basically 
comprises of income which we have received, which have considered with respect to our 
subsidiary, BTPL, our technology subsidiary, which is the BSE technologies and BSE Institute. So 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
there our technology services firm technologies actually had a better year ended actually its 
revenue rose significantly during the current period, current year. And that was the reason why 
you see a big comp from Rs. 18 crores to Rs. 35 crores there. 
And other income, the hike which you are seeing, that is arising mainly out of the income tax 
refund, which we have received, the interest thereon, which is considered as an income for the 
current year. And there is a minor reversal of about Rs. 2 crores with respect to certain expenses 
of earlier year, which has added to about Rs. 6 crores, Rs. 7 crores of the overall increase. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So the other security services, as I said in other operating income run rate, is this sustainable at 
this rate? Or should you think about it differently? 
Management: 
More or less, it is a forward-looking statement which you have been asking for. But I think we try 
to do as much it as we can. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Just reframing this question, forward-looking one. Out of the Rs. 35 crores in the other securities 
services and Rs. 35 crores of other operating income, is there any one-off items in these line 
items? 
Nayan Mehta: 
No, there is no one-off item in this one. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Okay. Great. And the other question was on expense line items. So, if I look at your employee 
expense run rate has been trending down. We are at Rs. 42 crores in this quarter. And also, 
technology cost has gone off on a sequential basis, but on a Y-o-Y basis is still higher. So how 
should we think about the line items from FY '24 perspective? 
Nayan Mehta: 
FY '24 perspective, again Prayesh employee cost. Obviously, I mean we need to retain talent. We 
need to have new talent to come up with to manage the new initiatives and obviously, there will 
be an upward pressure, which will be normal, which can be seen in any of the organizations. Same 
as technology costs also, while we in do our level best to manage costs to the best of our abilities. 
But I mean, there are normal escalations which cannot be avoided year-on-year. And obviously, 
there are certain improvements which we need to keep updating, which you need to make year-

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
on-year, which will be there as usual. So obviously, the budget cannot be the same as the previous 
year in the subsequent year. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, got that. And just one more thing on the tax side. Could you guide us on tax rate for next 
year? 
Nayan Mehta:  
Tax rate will be around 35%. We have a huge MAT which is unutilized as on date and for that, we 
are investing heavily, whatever we are investing, we are investing in taxable securities. So we will 
attract maximum marginal tax rate for, probably for the foreseeable future. 
Moderator: 
 
Move on to the next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Sir, my question is on the steps that we are taking to revive the market share in the cash and also 
the steps we are taking on the currency side. And also, we are launching a new derivatives 
contract. So, all these steps obviously are on the positive direction and we are seeing 
improvement in our numbers and margins also. But how confident are we in terms of gaining that 
market share in the cash segment which with the initiatives that you are taking? and also, we have 
spent on the LES schemes over the last many years, and we have tried that earlier also be 5 years 
back on the derivative side. And again, we are again trying on the derivative side to gain some 
market share. And as of now, we have no market share there. So, what's your thoughts on these 
two segments? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
Thanks for this question, Amit Chandra. My replay may be slightly founding philosophical. The 
efforts whether we believe it will bring the market share. Any one effort in itself is not going to 
bring market share. We just narrated only a few of the efforts that we are making. Market share 
is a function of how much of market participation happens. And there will be multiple 
interventions that would be required from a market perspective for this to effectively happen. 
This not only includes making changes, but also making members aware of the requirements and 
importance and talking to them and bringing them back and getting attention into the BSE's 
platform from the larger public aspect. It is all what we are trying to do at this stage and more and 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
more every day new things emerge for us, giving us ideas as to how we can better be out to the 
marketplace. 
So, if you ask us whether we are confident that we were doing that, of course, yes, we have to feel 
confident about whatever we are doing and we go into the right direction. At some point of time, 
all the efforts that we are putting in will fructify and we will gain back whatever we have seeded 
away in the past. That is the feeling. The second question is, well, LES was there. It was 
discontinued now. A lot of efforts were made in the past. We are relaunching what is our view 
about it - when I think about it, I actually remember a story in the past. I'm not sure you would 
have heard about the story as all of Robert Bruce, who lost multiple times war against the King of 
England, and he ran away from one of the battles into a cave when they were sitting, and he was 
watching a spider. It was trying to climb up the wall of the cave. It was going on falling down. But 
the spider never gave up, it tried multiple times on the seventh and eighth attempt, it succeeded 
and then climbed up. 
This is an actual story of 1300’s, I'm sure if Google, you'll be able to see. Then Robert Bruce went 
back and with rejuvenated energy fought back and he won the battle. The method is try, try, try 
again once or twice though you may fail, try try again till you succeed try again. And we are doing 
it with rejuvenated energy - trying changes, which may look very simple but which may be very 
material. We have taken market participants into confidence. We have requested them as to what 
market changes would bring in. So maybe what did not work in the past may work. That is the 
confidence and expectation with which we are proceeding. I hope I have answered your question. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
No, sir. It was a very comprehensive answer. And I also expect BSE to do well in these segments. 
But the second question would be on the cost side. So historically, we have spent on several 
initiatives which are not yielding results. So, are we becoming more cognizant on the spending 
that we are doing on these initiatives mostly from an ROI perspective? and if you can throw some 
more light on what is happening on the INX side. Is there some consolidation happening like one 
exchange there? and on our expense that we are doing on INX, can you see some drop there also 
in terms of expenses there? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Yes. So every decision in respect of listed corporates like us, if you look at it, are taken collectively 
considering the facts that are available at that point of time. The best interest of the corporate 
entity. All the expenditures that would have been made prior to me coming and joining here 
would have been done or were done in that same spirit. And some of them worked, some of them 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
did not work. The liquidity enhancement scheme is one of the measures that was tried. In 
retrospect and in hindsight when we look at it probably it has not delivered us results. So, what 
is not delivering results should be abandoned and we should try something new. That is why we 
are now thinking about product differentiation and product interplay which is what we should 
highlight to try to garner volumes that is what we are trying to do now. When you do that, 
incidentally what happens. There is a better position in the balance sheet and profit and loss and 
there is a better return on investment. It is just not only the return on investment which is driving 
you to cut down expenditure. It is also what is effective, what is not effective, what is the cost, 
what is the benefit. That type of an analysis is what is driving us to take these types of steps. That 
is one part. 
On the INX part, it is a very, very important question that you have asked. It is very close to our 
heart because it is a national priority and therefore, we would like to ensure and do anything that 
is possible that we as India are able to provide a place where all the foreigners are able to 
converge and trade with us with no export of Indian markets abroad. This noble thought has made 
us to start the exchange first and clearing corporation, well capitalise it and we are running it well 
with a good amount of market share as you would have seen with 90%. So, this is just a starting 
in my opinion. Lot of changes are happening in that space, and we are going to be present there 
in whichever way we can ensure that the national dream of having a GIFT City in India 
materialises and BSE is as always, a leading part in this noble effort. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
Yes. Thanks for that and one last question. So, this is an answer. So, we have seen the operating 
cash flows being negative for this year. Can you please explain what has led to this? 
Nayan Mehta:  
Amit, as you are aware that this year was the bad for capital markets. All exchanges trading 
volumes went down not only in India globally also and it has a cascading effect on all our revenues 
across the board. So, since the operating income has hit, operate also affects our operating 
EBITDA and operating margins. At the other side, our core settlement guarantee fund, we had to 
make an additional contribution of Rs. 26 crores over and above our previous year. So, we have 
made Rs. 56 crores of contribution to core settlement guarantee fund in the current year which 
was one of the main factors resulting in our operating income actually showing a dip as compared 
to what you would have expected. 
 
 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Chandra. May we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions? The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Good evening, sir, and thank you for the opportunity and many congratulations on the good set 
of numbers. Firstly, sir, I would like to know this discontinuation of liquidity enhancement 
scheme and the support that we were giving to software and hardware services. The total saving 
together is Rs. 32 crores or just the liquidity enhancement of Rs. 32 crores in FY ‘23? 
Management:  
It is close to Rs. 32 crores, the savings which we expect due to discontinuation of the scheme. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Okay. And, sir, the way we have discontinued for FY ‘24, are you having any target in terms of 
start charging on some of the segments where you are not charging? So, is there any thought 
process around that? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, that's a very good point that you are making. There are two objectives always for any entity 
like us. One is improving liquidity in a market segment so that we are serving better the market. 
That's a very primary objective. That's our commitment to the marketplace. Commitment to the 
shareholder is making revenue out of it. While both of them run hand-in-hand, the timing will 
have to be very apt to manage that both are fulfilled properly.  
So, while we today have some of the services where we are not getting any revenue which is given 
free, we are not in any case having any market share. So that is the place where we are trying to 
sort of increase our presence and we are trying to get more liquidity there. And once we are able 
to get some traction, we will of course be charging so that we serve the second interest. That is 
now the interest which we need to take care of the shareholders. So, it goes hand-in-hand. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Understood, sir. But no numbers that you can share that probably this level, once we have 5% 
market share or something like that, that we would look to charge so that we have some indicators 
which we can track? 
 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
That's a very valid question that you are asking. I wish I am able to provide you a number. I will, 
if it is anything which BSE as an entity can give us an answer, we would have immediately given. 
It is all purely market driven as you would certainly appreciate. You are from a securities firm. 
I'm sure you appreciate what I say. So, it's a question of evolution, right? So, we have to see from 
May 15, how the equity derivative segment is shaping up. The changes that we brought are all 
from March only. So, it is just 1.5 months. And we need to do more. We need to wait and watch. 
So, I will not be able to say at what level of market share I will be able to start charging more in 
respect of whatever new segments that I am not charging. 
In equity derivatives options, already I am charging. It's a smaller number. It will be revisited 
soon. In equity futures, equity index futures, I'm not charging anything. Once there is some 
traction, we will charge. Some of the charges we have already started, as you may be knowing, 
whatever free services were there in respect of co-location, today we are already charging to 
defray the cost at least to start with, and over a period of time to convert it into a profit centre. So, 
it will be baby steps. It will be in the right direction. It will not take too much time, but it will take 
some time to ascertain. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Sir, SGF has been a big hitter in FY ‘23 to our profits. Based on the exit run rate, do you think that 
there could be further contributions that could be required under SGF or for the time being we 
don't see any significant contributions coming in? 
Nayan Mehta:  
Devesh, contribution to SGF depends on many, many parameters. One is your total volumes, 
concentration of positions, open interest, volatility in the scripts, contracts. So frankly, it is simply 
impossible for us to judge or project anything about the next year because we are ourselves don’t 
know. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Ace Lansdowne Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations for the great set of number. So, yes, my first 
question is, so you mentioned that we did some changes in last quarter around the tick size, like 
for equities and for the currency options. So, in the last couple of months, have we noticed any 
traction in the volumes because of it, or is this too early to guess that? 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
No, it's a fair question that you're asking. What we have seen is in respect of tick size, the market, 
there are multiple things which we have seen. The overall impact cost in respect of these 
securities, we have found as coming down. If you look at it, what was the origin? The origin is up 
to Rs. 15, whatever securities were there, we had a tick size of 1 paisa. We found in respect of 
these securities, we had a better market share, better delivery percentages, and also, we have a 
better impact cost in respect of these securities. 
We thought that is very beneficial to the market. We wanted to mimic it for slightly a higher 
number of securities. So, we went up to Rs. 100. Whatever is up to Rs. 100, the tick size was 
changed. We find all the three things holding good. We find the impact cost has come down. Our 
market share in these securities used to be around 9%. Now it is around 11%. A 2% increase in 
two months, which is short of, I can say, 20%, is an increase in the volume in the market share, 
because from 9% to 11% is roughly that way. It is still a long way to go, but certainly it has started 
showing green shores. 
And in terms of delivery percentages, we are very happy to tell you around 80% of the total trades 
in respect of securities up to Rs. 100 at BSE results in delivery. When you compare it with the 
national average of 19% in other exchange, I think it's a very big number, I feel. So, I think, the 
purpose for which we launched this is materializing. But as you also rightly pointed out, it is early 
days. There will be some more traction happening.  
In respect of currency options, what we found is, in respect of this 10 paisa strike price intervals, 
around 65% of the trading is happening in these strikes. So that means we have made some 
difference. We have started making some meaningful difference in respect of multiple new 
participants who are entering into this market. So, these are some early indicators for us. 
Currency options came around March 6, I guess. It's early days, but I think we are making the 
dent. 
Pankaj: 
 
Okay. Thanks for that, sir. My second question is around that ASBA implementation in the 
secondary market. So, what can be the possible impact for our treasury revenue with ASBA 
implementation in the secondary market? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
It will be too early to comment, Pankaj, because you are talking about ASBA implementation 
where the contours of the regulatory change in itself is not becoming evident. You may like to 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
note that this is not an exercise on SEBI’s side to increase the revenue of MIIs. It is an exercise 
from the regulatory side for improving the investor protection. So, the angle from which it is 
looked in itself is very different, and contours are not clear, so it will be very difficult to give any 
comment on this stage. 
Pankaj: 
Okay. No problem. The last question is what is the cash and cash equivalent as on 31, March, own 
cash and cash equivalent? 
Nayan Mehta:  
So, Pankaj, as you know that we distribute more or less the entire income which we receive during 
the year. So and our capex is not very high as compared to many other organizations. So, we still 
have Rs. 1,400 crores as we would have told you last year also, and all calls we have been telling 
this, and we continue to have over Rs. 1,400 crores of free cash for shareholders in our standalone 
books. 
Pankaj: 
 
Okay, sorry, if I'm not, I think that last to last quarter it was around Rs. 2,200 crores… 
Nayan Mehta: 
Yes. That is the total cash in our books, but when you talk about cash in books, I generally 
understand that it is meant to be free cash for shareholders. 
Pankaj: 
 
Correct. Okay, got it. Thank you. That's all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishab, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rishab: 
 
Could you please guide me regarding the fee structure in the StAR MF platform? 
Nayan Mehta:  
What happens, Rishab, is that what we recover from the AMC that towards the services comprises 
of two parts. One is the transaction charges for processing the transaction the orders, and the 
second is the recovery of the cost which we incur in handling those and processing those 
transactions. So, there are various slabs which become applicable to different parties depending 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
on different levels of operations. So, I can tell you one thing that the overall recovery for us is 
about Rs. 4 per transaction. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Nayan, if I may add, Rishab, if your question is whether there is any cost to the retail investors, 
there is no cost. If you are asking whether there is any cost to the intermediaries, there is no cost. 
It is what is the recovery, what we make from AMCs for the services we render to the AMCs. 
Rishab: 
 
Yes, I'm saying that during, in terms of the core SGF, can I know the reason for that? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
As Nayan told some time back, the SGF computation is based on a complex algorithm that works. 
It takes into account multiple things like volatility, cleared volumes, etc. So that is the reason 
because of which based on that algorithm, the number changes, a number is arrived at, and if we 
have to contribute, we have to contribute. That is SEBI stipulated algorithm and based on which 
this happens. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Rishab. May we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions? We'll take the next question from the line of Vikram Kotak from Ace Lansdowne 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Kotak: 
 
Thank you. Hi, Sundar sir. Hi, Nayan. Hi, everyone at BSE. First of all, congratulations for a good 
set of numbers, and I can see a lot of sweat in the numbers and lot of small changes which you are 
doing is paying somewhere. So, I have two questions. One is the – I don't know whether I joined 
late, so maybe if it's answered, then you can – sorry for that. So, one question which you brought 
with 1 paisa tick size, how do you see this as kind of helping – did you took a survey for brokers? 
How is it helping you to kind of get more closer to the investors and the broker community? That's 
my question number one. 
Management:  
Can I answer it? Yes, see, actually, you missed the answer. I have a very elaborate answer for it. I 
will just repeat it in a sort of summarized form. The three guiding factors which because of which 
we thought we should do this is one is the impact cost, improving delivery percentage, and third 
is, no, accessing more investors through market share. All the three we are finding some traction. 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The delivery percentages in respect of these securities at BSE is 79%, around 80% you can take. 
The impact cost has significantly reduced in respect of these stocks as we compare it with the 
other exchange, and our market share, which was hovering around 9% before the change, has 
gone up to around 11% in these securities, overall market share. That is a 2% increase over a base 
of 9% increase. 
Vikram Kotak: 
 
Right. Got it. And Sundar sir, second question for you is that I know you started a few months back 
and you have gone through the first one full quarter. And where do you see in terms of transition 
and where do you see in terms of low-hanging fruit or in terms of strategy? You see a long way to 
go or you are seeing that things are panning out quite quickly? And this is a difficult year, so it's 
not easy to really implement and really see the result because the tough year for capital market. 
Do you see whatever steps you are taking, whether it's a good year of bull market or good run on 
the equity market, do you see the more operating leverage will be playing out to what changes 
you brought till now and what are the more changes in the offing? That's my question. Thank you. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
No, I'm honestly not able to answer your first part. If you are asking for what changes in the 
operating, that is easier to answer. I'm sorry I did not understand the first part of your question. 
Can you simplify it in a single line? 
Vikram Kotak: 
 
Yes, I'll simplify it. That whatever changes you have taken, done in the last three months, whether 
it's a 1 paisa transaction, 1 paisa thing or putting the currency derivatives, stop bringing more 
products, right? It's a tough year, so you can't get all the benefits in the tough year. So, if the year 
was good, do you see a huge operating leverage there to play out in all these areas of changes 
which you brought? That's my first question. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy 
 
Okay. The simple answer to it is, yes, it was a tough year, and I joined in the last quarter, and the 
moment you join, immediately you don't hit the ground running. It takes some time, 
notwithstanding that we have tried to bring in in the first quarter in itself multiple changes. And 
as you may be aware, we are relaunching rather Sensex and Bankex derivatives in slightly a 
modified form based on market feedback from Monday onwards. I'm sure you'll be tracking it.  
And incidentally, if any of you are trading, we would like your full support to BSE and these 
derivatives contracts. We feel that they are wonderful contracts for multiple reasons. Sensex, as 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
you know, is one of the oldest Index in India. It represents 30 stocks and 12 sectors. And since 
there are 20 stocks less than two sectors less than this, this is quick. This is Sensitive Index. That's 
why it's called a Sensex. It incorporates the market price into the price information into the Index 
very fast. And therefore, that in itself creates a situation of lead and lag with the other big market 
Index, which is Nifty, giving a lot of product interplay possible between Nifty and Sensex, which 
is a Sensex derivative of pair trading. Apart from that, because our contract is expiring one day 
later, in respect of people having positions on Nifty options on Thursday, if they feel that they 
should recover the theta by waiting one more day, they will be able to transform the position of 
Nifty options to Sensex options by paying a smaller theta and probably landing up in the money.  
These are just two strategies I'm talking about. There are multiple strategies. This is the reason 
why we have carefully selected Sensex 30 and Bankex derivatives. Bankex is very akin to Bank 
Nifty. And as you know, both of them enjoy a 99.96% correlation with the other Indices of the 
other exchange. And they have better volatility profile, and the return profile of Sensex is far 
superior. And its CAGR has been a very high percentage in the last five years. All this you will be 
aware of. The reason for bringing this is to rejuvenate the market and bring in vibrancy. You're 
asking me whether we have belief that it will change the operational capability. The honest 
answer is, yes. 
As far as what the future plans are, which is the second question that you asked, multiple changes 
could be there and multiple products could come. We are only talking about two products now, 
and they are both Index products. Today, if you look at the market, the market is suffering from a 
very big concentration risk. The entire volumes are concentrated in a single trading venue, in a 
single segment, in a single product with around two or three indices alone, taking care of almost 
everything in the market. This is a huge concentration risk.  
We are seeing in order to provide vibrancy, it's trying to address this risk for the nation and for 
the investing public, by providing in new products. We are starting with Index. We are sure in the 
days to come, we'll be having more equity-related products coming in derivatives, more indices, 
broad-basing the market, and providing protection to the market from the concentration risk 
which they are suffering today. This is the vision that we have, and it is not going to happen in a 
day, as you would appreciate. It will take some time. The entire tenure of mine, which is next to 
four years, is there for me to contribute whichever way I can to the growth of the nation and BSE. 
 
Vikram Kotak: 
 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Super. All the best, Sundar sir, and all the best BSE. Thank you so much for your elaborate 
answers. Thank you. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from New India. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar:  
Good evening, sir. My question is, what is the future of gold exchange and social exchange? Are 
we in the future going to get some revenue in this, two segment? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sorry, which? Gold, what you said? 
Rahul Kumar:  
Gold exchange and social exchange. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Gold exchange and social exchange. See, social exchange, you will not be able to get any. That's 
not a revenue-making exercise. That is a contribution to the society as a corporate citizen, what 
we all need today. From social stock exchange, at least at this point of time, I am not expecting 
any revenue. I am here to serve the larger part of the sections of the society through SSE. 
Gold Bullion exchange is a separate exchange, which is shareholding of multiple other exchanges. 
So, it is a fledgling exchange. Gold has a great potential in India. We are talking about 800 tons 
and what not, but still, we are not the price setter. So, India is having interest in trying to make 
India the price setter for gold. I am sure since it's a single exchange with multiple people joining 
together to promote this exchange, this being in GIFT City, which is very close to our heart and 
nation's interest, I'm sure in the coming days it will grow well. I'm not sure whether you are 
tracking our EGR. That is another effort for onshore participants we have put in place. It is early 
days. There are some teething troubles in terms of taxation and other areas. We feel we will be 
serving the market better very soon with some changes if it comes through the e-gold assets as 
well within India. 
 
Rahul Kumar:  

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
My next question is how much revenue we get from power exchange? We have some shareholding 
in Hindustan Power Exchange. Do we get some revenue from that? 
Nayan Mehta:  
So, Rahul, right now we are not earning any revenues or share of revenue from HPX. It is still in 
the process of, it's a new exchange and it will take its own time to grow up and revenues. So, it 
will be very difficult to say, what type of revenue share or profit share we can get from them. 
However, we are providing technology to them through our group company, BSE Technologies, 
and that is the revenue which we earn against our services to them. So, we will probably have to 
wait for some time before we get some returns from the investments which we have made in HPX. 
Rahul Kumar:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity again. Firstly, on the existing businesses of transaction charges 
or listing fees, any thoughts on increasing the rates in FY ‘24? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
See, I probably do not understand the question. Are you talking about transaction charges or 
listing fees? Which one are you talking about? What are both? 
Prayesh Jain:  
Both. I am asking whether there is any thoughts of increasing them in times to come? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
See, the rates are sort of competitive rates as far as listing is concerned. So unilaterally to make a 
comment that we will increase is not possible. It is not any sort of joint effort to increase or 
decrease, but the market is very competitive. So accordingly, the pricing gets made. So, it will be 
a function of multiple things where the entire market is moving towards in terms of capital 
raising, IPOs that come into market, buybacks that come into the market and on and on. And so 
therefore, it is not a unilateral point of time decision to say that, yes, indeed, we will be raising 
listing fees. That is one part. 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
On the transaction charges, I am not sure whether you missed the point which I was making 
slightly earlier. We do charge subsidized rates in multiple areas, and we do not charge in some 
areas. If you look at it, for example, in equity options, our charges are very low. Currency options, 
our charges are almost one-tenth, I guess, compared to the competitor. And in respect of equity 
futures, we do not charge anything at all. 
At this point of time, it is not making a difference because we are not having much of a market 
share to boast. But we are doing everything to ensure that we will get some market share. So as 
and when we get market share, will we be revising the charges? Will we be introducing charges? 
Yes, we will be introducing. We have already started charging certain services which we were not 
charging before. Like for example, in colo, it was all free earlier, which was in a way taking some 
amount of the P&L, right? So, which was talked about, the technology scheme which was talked 
about. So today, we have started defraying the cost. So, like that, in currency futures again, to 
mention, our charges are one-fifth of what the competition charges. So, there are scopes for us to 
increase. We are trying to deepen the market. And once we are deepening the market, certainly 
we will be working towards increasing the charges and taking care of the shareholders' revenues 
increase as well. 
Prayesh Jain:  
This helps. On the StAR MF, you mentioned an answer that it's Rs. 4, but if I look at FY ‘23, it's far 
lower than that. So, is that the run rate that we should look forward going ahead or how should 
we think of that? 
Nayan Mehta:  
It's like this that over a period of time as our volumes increase, the lowest labs will get applicable. 
And to that extent, there will be a downward trend with respect to the average charges which we 
are earning per transaction. But as you'll note that we are able to increase our revenue by almost 
55% from Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 78 crores in this current year. So obviously, with higher 
transactions coming on us, obviously that can have an upward impact on our revenues. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Got that. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anand for closing comments. 
 

 
20 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you, Faizan. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of BSE Limited that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
