 
 
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Kalpataru Inspire, Off W. E. Highway, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055 India. Tel: (91-22) 6640 2323.  
Corporate Identity Number: L24100MH1983PLC029442  
www.lupin.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Transcript of Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) read with Schedule Ill Part A Para A(15)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed is a copy of the Transcript of the Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, February 10, 2023. 
 
The above is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
R. V. SATAM 
COMPANY SECRETARY  
(ACS - 11973) 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
Rajvardhan 
Vishnu Satam
Digitally signed by Rajvardhan Vishnu Satam 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=c19d8ef961d9fa59e973a093a4d3924b2532eb2f496ea7
e2abcf74700f5375b7, postalCode=400104, street=2404,SEJAL 
TOWER,SEJAL PARK,LINK ROAD,GOREGAON 
WEST,Mumbai,Motilal Nagar,Borivali,Mumbai Suburban, 
pseudonym=9a4b7cd219ea516ad56e6d651dcbbe5b, title=0191, 
serialNumber=df8ebe60a88c796663c738ea25bfa0b475d195f726
cdb67a2ff09c4242771b2a, o=Personal, cn=Rajvardhan Vishnu 
Satam 
Date: 2023.02.16 21:25:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Lupin Limited Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
• MS. VINITA GUPTA – CEO, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. NILESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, LUPIN LIMITED 
• MR. RAMESH SWAMINATHAN - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL CFO AND HEAD 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS, LUPIN LIMITED 
 
 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator:  
Welcome to Lupin Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that 
all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the opening remarks. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the management. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Vinita Gupta:  
Thank you. Good afternoon, friends. I'm very pleased to welcome you to our 
Q3 earnings call. I have with me our Managing Director, Nilesh as well as our 
CFO, Ramesh. As you would have noted, we have continued to build on our 
momentum in Q3, both on revenues and in particular, on margins. I'm very 
pleased that in Q3, our US business performed well, India business growth 
improved, and API business rebounded as well. 
On the margin front, we saw the beneﬁt of NPLs in the US, seasonal product 
upside as well, and continued savings from our optimization measures. We are 
focused on sustaining this positive momentum, in particular as material new 
product launches start and our recent investment in our sales force expansion 
in India starts yielding results. 
I will let Ramesh talk through the performance in deeper detail. I would like to 
share some of the business highlights. 
In the US, we have continued to evolve our business with optimization of oral 
solids, driving growth of complex generics, respiratory franchise in particular, 
and executing on our new product launches. During the quarter, our in-line 
business was almost ﬂat with slight decline due to exit from low-margin 
products, oﬀset almost completely by seasonal products. 
New product launches in the year contributed well in the quarter, with Suprep 
ramping up, Perforomist generic successful launch and then Pennsaid 
authorized generic launch. Our respiratory franchise strengthened with 
albuterol continued strong performance, addition of Brovana and Xopenex 
brands as well as generics launch. 
As we look at the quarters ahead, we expect new product launches like 
gSpiriva, gDiazepam Gel, gNascobal Nasal Spray and gDarunavir, all products 
where we have either exclusivity or ﬁrst to market position, which will drive 
growth of our US business in a proﬁtable manner. On Spiriva, we continue to 
make progress and have received priority review from the FDA for a target 
action date in April, without inspection, or July, with inspection. In the 
meantime, we are getting ready with launch preparedness. We continue to see 
Tiotropium as a substantial opportunity for ﬁscal year '24 with a signiﬁcant 
runway, given the competitive dynamics. 
Products like gDiazepam Gel and gNascobal, we now hope to see approval 
soon given the recent successful Somerset audit. Our US generics business has 
come a long way in calendar year '22, still a long way to go. However, with the 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
new product launches coming in, continued optimization eﬀorts, focused 
eﬀorts on building a niche inhalation, as well as injectables pipeline, we are 
optimistic that we will grow our US business in the next couple of years. 
Switching to India, the largest part of our business, while our growth in the 
quarter and ﬁrst half has been below market, this is primarily due to loss of 
Cidmus from a cardiovascular portfolio and genericization in the diabetes 
segment in the gliptins. But for the diabetes portfolio, our growth in Q3 was in 
line with market, with therapeutic areas like cardiac, GI, respiratory, all 
delivering double-digit growth. Our gynaecology and GI have actually been the 
fastest growth therapeutic areas for us. This quarter, we have added close to 
a 1,000 reps, created six new divisions to expand our reach and share of 
wallets. We expect the investments to get us to above market growth in the 
quarters ahead. We are committed to growing our India business to double-
digit growth in the quarters ahead. 
Other than India and the US, our API business recovered with the growth in 
cephalosporins and other countries like UK on the back of Fostair generic and 
Germany due to NaMuscula grew as well quarter-over-quarter. On the margin 
front, we expect continued improvement in particular as we execute on new 
product launches and our recent investment in the sales force in India starts 
yielding results. Likewise, we continue to focus on cost optimization eﬀorts. 
While we have been successful in optimizing our manpower costs, we have 
been very disciplined in getting out of low margin products that has not 
allowed us to optimize our idle costs. Nevertheless, we are conﬁdent with the 
eﬀorts that we have underway, we should be able to move the needle on this 
front in the quarters to come as well. 
On the compliance front, we have made progress with positive outcomes on 
sites like Ankleshwar, Nagpur injectables and Somerset. We've also made 
substantial progress on our remediation eﬀorts in Tarapur and Mandideep. 
The recent approval of our injectables facility will enable us to start building 
our organic injectables portfolio in full earnest. Overall, we are moving in the 
right direction. We expect the pace to get better, as we execute on our 
material new product launches in the quarters ahead. 
With this, I will hand it over to Ramesh for deeper analysis of our performance. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Thank you, Vinita, and good afternoon, friends. Sales for the current quarter 
were INR4,244 crores as compared to INR4,091 crores in Q2 FY23, a growth of 
3.7%. On a year on year basis, the growth was 3.8% while the previous year 
sales was INR4,087 crores.  
The US business -- in the quarter, the US business registered a 11.2% growth 
in local currency terms on quarter-on-quarter basis with new product launches 
in the US generics business and brands acquired from Sunovion. On a year-on-
year basis, revenue declined by 12.3% in local terms with price erosion in top 
brands like Brovana, Albuterol and Famotidine. We launched four new 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
products: Perforomist, Pennsaid, Rufinamide, and Paliperidone ER tablets in 
Q3 FY23, bringing the total NPLs to 8 for the year. NPLs contributed $20 million 
in Q3 revenue. 
India branded formulations business declined by 3.4% in Q3 versus Q2, whilst 
on year-on-year basis, sales grew by 2.6%. The overall market growth during 
Q3 was 10%, whilst Lupin grew by 7.5%. Loss of exclusivity and genericization 
in the anti-diabetic’s portfolio has impacted growth rate of Lupin. Inlicensed 
portfolio held by Lupin in the anti-diabetes is close to 55% of the portfolio for 
anti-diabetes portfolio. As you would know, our top three TAs are 
cardiovascular, diabetes, and respiratory. Apart from that, gynaecology, and 
GI, we are also doing very well. And they are growing, in the case of 
gynaecology by 19.7% and GI by 16.1%. API business sales grew by 12.7% 
quarter on quarter as core cephalosporins API sales recovered during the 
quarter. Year-on-year basis, sales growth was 9.8%. 
On the EMEA front, revenue growth of 11.1% year-on-year basis. strong 
performance of back Luforbec in UK and NaMuscula in Germany was 
registered. Sales for Growth Markets grew by 23.5% vis-a-vis Q3 FY22 and 
declined by 5.9% vis-a-vis the previous quarter. 
Gross margins. Q3 FY23 gross margins are 59.8% as compared to 58.1% in the 
previous quarter. This is mainly due to US margin improvement, better product 
mix and reduction in freight rates. As compared to Q3 FY23 gross margins, the 
slight margin is due to reduction in write-oﬀs, freight, oﬀsetting the impact of 
price erosion in the US markets, and of course, inﬂationary pressures on the 
cost front. On the employee beneﬁt front, Q3 FY23 was INR764 crores vis-a-vis 
INR771 crores in the previous quarter. There is a marginal decline on quarter-
on-quarter basis because of star club payments made in the last quarter. We 
had highlighted this in our last earnings call as well. 
On an ongoing basis, we expect employee cost to be in the range of 18.5% to 
19% of sales, as we build our sales force in India and Vinita just spoke about 
that. A lot of people have been asking about our “manufacturing and other 
expenses” spend. There is indeed a one-time expenditure base increase by 
about INR40 crores which will potentially come down next quarter, but that 
also perhaps in some base we oﬀset by perhaps an R&D increase next quarter. 
EBITDA margins: Operating EBITDA excluding FX and other income is 12.2% in 
Q3, a quarter-on-quarter growth by 160 basis points because of higher sales, 
gross margins and cost control. Normalized ETR is expected to be 35% as a few 
subsidiaries like LI, LOI, Digital and Healthcare continued to have losses. On the 
balance sheet front, there has been lot of optimization that we've been 
working on and working capital operating days were lower by ﬁve working 
days. 
With this may I have the pleasure of opening this ﬂoor for discussion? 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Moderator:  
Yes. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
So, the ﬁrst question is from Prakash. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted to check on the US run rate. We had 
fairly good launches where we have couple of -- one AG and recent launches 
and we also acquired the two decent sized products. Just wanted to 
understand and the season of -- season was also good. I think the ﬂu season 
was good. Other companies have reported market share gains. Would you -- 
were you satisﬁed with the US performance or we missed some contracts or 
how to think about it as a base business now?  
Vinita Gupta:  
No, we were satisﬁed with the performance, Prakash. On the one hand, we 
should never be satisﬁed with the performance, but it's come a long way in the 
last couple of quarters, the business, both the base business, in-line business 
as well as new product launches have contributed very nicely to the quarter. 
I'd say that the impact of the ﬂu season products, that obviously as the ﬂu 
season recedes, which has already started, one will see some decline on that 
front. But the team continues to work on this. Now the 170 plus million dollars 
run rate with the current products until we can get additional new product 
launches like Tiotropium and the like. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. I mean, so it's a full quarter beneﬁts of these launches as well as the 
acquired assets is what I was trying to understand and you are saying that, yes, 
it had full quarter beneﬁts. 
Vinita Gupta:  
No, I won't say it's full quarter beneﬁts, because we had the brands for two 
months, Xopenex and Brovana. And Perforomist, we had some upside 
opportunity that we were able to capitalize on, because of supply issues of 
some of our competitors. So I would say, we will see an increase from the 
brand products, but we'll probably see a normalization on Perforomist. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay, got it. Fair enough. And secondly on Spiriva. So, what I heard was April, 
the TAD date has moved a bit to April, which is with inspection and June 
without inspection. If you could just give more colour, what does it mean. So 
TAD date is like what kind -- colour on the queries that has come in and without 
inspection means that if they don't come by June, it would deemed to be 
approved or how should we think about that? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So, it's actually the other way around, Prakash. It's April without inspection and 
July with inspection. So, the FDA decides that they want to come and inspect, 
then it will -- the TAD date will be July. But if they decide that they don't want 
to inspect, which is very hard for us to predict, the agency is going to inspect 
or not, then it's going to likely be April. And we are hopeful that we can 
expedite it as much as possible, just given that our back and forth with the 
agency. Majority of the disciplines have been closed. CMC, PD, and disciplines 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
have been closed. I believe that quality is still pending and that's why I say it's 
either April or July. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. And lastly on the cost side, I think Ramesh did mention that there is a 
INR40 crore one-oﬀ, but even if I strip that oﬀ, that cost is fairly high. So -- and 
I understand there's a 1,000 people have been added. So incrementally SG&A, 
traveling, marketing will increase from here. So ﬁrst is, why the jump? I mean, 
apart from normal inﬂation, is there anything else that has increased or is it 
maybe forex as well? And how do we see this number moving going ahead?  
Ramesh Swaminathan:  There is of course a slight impact because of forex because there is a rupee 
depreciation and when you translate expenses outside the country, it does 
happen that way. But the large chunk of it is actually coming in because of the 
fact that you have had higher travel. And I also told you, in Q2, there was a 
shift to in fact payroll expenses which is shifted back here. To that extent, it 
has kind of normalized out here. There has been a higher component in terms 
of litigation spends and the like as well. So, all of this has actually contributed. 
Whilst -- your question actually comes in from the fact that what did we do on 
the optimization plan. I rush to tell you that, we've been doing a lot of work on 
that. To be honest, a lot of it actually happens at the gross margins line itself 
and that is in terms of our routes of synthesis, alternate vendor development 
and the like. But this has also been in some ways eroded by higher inﬂation out 
there. Also, there were ineﬃciencies across various lines. And at the start of 
the year, we spoke about in fact trying to address the manpower situation at 
the factory level. We have been pretty successful there and it's captured in 
some ways in the staﬀ costs cell. 
There are other lines where we have been extremely successful. But there are 
parts which we couldn't do much because the fact that volumes did drop, we 
had to take write-oﬀs in terms of inventories that we had and plus, of course, 
issues that we had on the impurities front itself. So whilst the initiatives are 
still on, there have been mixed results. But you'll certainly see a lot more of 
this bearing fruit in the quarters to come. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. So our EBITDA margin guidance of exited of 16 to 18 with cost increasing 
and Spiriva moving out to next quarter changes, right? 
In a sense, yes. So, if you're talking about speciﬁcally quarter four, it would be 
in the same line, in the same range as the current quarter. But once we actually 
have the top line moving, which will potentially happen once we have Spiriva 
coming in and of course we've got Darunavir and others, you could expect, in 
fact, that to obviously impact the bottom line as well. We would continue to 
work on the cost lines as well. But I think we're really banking on the top line 
to shift to actually to see a real shift in the -- on the EBITDA front. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. Lovely. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee.  

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Yeah, hi. So, sir, just to carrying forward the question, I mean, you are banking 
on top line to deliver the margins, but it's a handful of products. So, you have 
Spiriva. In case that gets further delayed, what's your outlook on margin in that 
case? And in that context, it is important to understand in some granular detail, 
what's the kind of cost control initiatives that the company intends to take, 
because banking on US revenues and that too with a handful of products, there 
can be potential risks to that, because the margins are very low at this point? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yeah. So, I also recognize that. We also recognize that in lots of way, Saion. So 
if the top line doesn't move, then potentially we still have to work on various 
initiatives on the cost front. And there are several things which you still can. 
For example, there is an element of FTS still coming in because of the fact that 
if there are impurities and we are not able to supply, that's actually impacting 
in some ways the bottom line itself. There were write-oﬀs that we have taken 
during the course of this year. So those are lines that we still can work on, apart 
from, the footprint that we would reduce in case there is a further volume 
drop. So we would -- so it has to be in some ways an iterative process. We need 
to kind of weigh the pros and cons of potentially when would the top lines start 
moving and then potentially work on other items as well. 
Speciﬁcally when it comes to India region, yes, we are going to add more 
people, but we're also working on productivity. So whilst there is going to be 
an increase in overall expenses, we also believe that there is going to be 
commensurate increase on the top line. So, there would be. So, at the very 
least, what I do expect is that, if Spiriva and other products are going to get 
delayed, the expense lines will certainly -- will go down that path in terms of 
reducing. That could of course shift the EBITDA line in some way; not to the 
extent that the top line can really move it, but there was certainly a perceptible 
increase because of the reduction on the expense front itself. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Would you like to talk about material rates as well. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yeah. So if we talk about -- there has been an increase in cost of production 
because of that and which is really impacting in some ways the gross margin 
line, but better sales mix and of course, reduction in terms of other -- the air 
freight and others have actually brought in some beneﬁt there and that's 
reﬂected in the gross margin increase this time around. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Yeah. Ramesh, you used to talk about INR500 crores of savings. There was a 
number which you talked about earlier. is that number still valid and how much 
have we already achieved and how much is left? If you can give some colour 
as to how much more just from a cost perspective one can expect?  
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yeah. So the INR600 crores really could be broken down into six or seven 
buckets, so to speak. We achieved a lot of success in at least three or four of 
them, whilst two others we were kind of stymied because the volumes 
dropped and there was write-oﬀs among others. So overall, I would say that 
it's mixed results. So at least about 50% to 60% has been achieved, but where 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
we have not achieved also just signiﬁcantly alters the balance. So still working 
on those. And it's not as it will never get achieved. It will get achieved. It's only 
a question of time and that would actually kind of round up the full 
complement. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay. Just one last question. Just a clariﬁcation on the new product 
contribution, $20 million I think you mentioned, this includes the acquired 
brands and also if you can indicate what's the exposure to the US market from 
the Mandideep facility in terms of revenues? 
Vinita Gupta:  
The largest part of it is Suprep, Perforomist, Pennsaid and two months’ worth 
of the brands. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
The exposure from Mandideep to US revenues is some 10%, I'm not sure if it's 
upward of 5%. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yeah. So, what we really are looking at is only suspensions out there in terms 
of PenG products  
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Damayanti Kerai. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Great. Thanks for the opportunity. So, coming back to cost, ﬁrst few 
clariﬁcations. So, you added 1,000 people in your India sales team. So when 
did this addition happen, because sequentially we haven't seen much change 
in the staﬀ cost. And then you are planning to add on more people. So how 
many potentially could come in? And when do you expect these new people 
to start contributing meaningfully? So, what we understand is, it takes around 
one and a half to two years. So, are you expecting a similar timeframe? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
So, we started adding from November. And in this quarter, we will complete 
the addition and large part of that is really in this quarter that we're adding. 
We're creating six new divisions out of that. And part of this is just the fact that 
we are under-indexed in India as far as our sales force is concerned. So, we will 
some impact this quarter. But as you know, we've also been growing below 
the industry average in the last few quarters. And that is changing. So, I already 
see that minus the in-licensed portfolio, we are already at market growth rate. 
And even after adding these people, we will see further acceleration of our 
growth. My expectation is that, from the second quarter, we will be growing 
overall at a rate faster than the market. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, Nilesh, how many people are left to be added. So, 1,000 are done, right, 
and... 
Nilesh Gupta:  
No, that was the entire number. So, the entire number is largely done. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. But impact of that is not getting reﬂected in staﬀ costs, right? What we 
have seen, it's mostly similar. So, it will be... 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Yeah. So, I think there was some small number which was added in this past 
quarter. In Q4 is where you will see some impact of the staﬀ cost addition. That 
also is staggered through the quarter and then it gets baked into the numbers 
from Q1 onwards. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Q1 onwards.  
Second, Ramesh, you mentioned fourth quarter -- sorry, third quarter number 
obviously had one-oﬀ and then you are saying, if we move to fourth quarter, 
that one-oﬀ might come down. But you are saying R&D will catch up, because 
third quarter was bit less. So, should we assume broadly similar other 
operating expense cost to continue? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yes, I think -- it will be more or less in the same range. It will come down a little 
bit in terms of SG&A expense that we can control, but broadly around this. 
Employee cost go up a little, but that's on a diﬀerent line. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, if I just look at the cost and then we wait for Spiriva and other key approvals 
to come in, when we should be seeing, I'll say, notable beneﬁts coming from 
all the eﬀorts, which you have been doing on the cost front for last several 
years? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  So, we were stymied for -- because of reasons beyond our control. These were 
really about, in some ways, the volumes dropping and because of write-oﬀs 
and others. And those buckets we would be addressing. So, these are not going 
to continue forever. These are systemic issues that we kind of faced, which we 
have addressed. Those will get corrected. So, if you're talking about the total 
quantum of INR600 crores beneﬁt ﬂowing in, it would have ﬂowed into the 
P&L by the time we're through with this. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Just more speciﬁcally I think Q2 onwards we would see improvement in 
performance. We have Darunavir, we had some of this optimization that will 
kick in as well. That's what we're seeing and obviously, Tiotropium will only 
further improve that picture. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. My last question is on India bit. So diabetic portfolio obviously, we have 
seen genericization. But with more salespeople coming on-board, which 
segments you're focusing, which could really help you to outpace the market 
growth in coming few quarters? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
So, our big therapy areas are diabetes, cardiovascular and respiratory. And 
these are the three areas that would grow as well. So, while it’s a point of time, 
the diabetes market is also bouncing back. In addition, areas like GI, areas like 
women's health are growing strong double-digit as well and these are areas 
that we would accelerate as well. 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Just I think one clarification. In diabetes, are we relying more on, say, improved 
penetration because maybe like there are some new launches lined out, but 
are you relying more on volume penetration to pick up pace?  

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Unfortunately, India is a diabetes capital of the world. So, I think the market 
potential is always there. Value-wise, it is vitiated at this point of time because 
of the genericization of multiple products in the diabetes portfolio for the 
market itself, right. So, it's the only segment that is really growing at best a 
single digit kind of number in the Indian market. And if it's going to bounce 
back for the market, it's going to bounce back for us as well. 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya Patra:  
Well, thanks for this opportunity, sir. My ﬁrst question is on the kind of a 
potential proﬁtability that we can attain over next one-to-two-year period. So 
practically, having seen the pricing pressure in one of the key complex products 
what we have been waiting for, let's say, Albuterol and other respiratory 
products, so now our focus has been obviously on the complex generics and 
we have been spending a lot. But we are also visualizing that or seeing the kind 
of pricing pressure, as well as competition, on the complex products are also 
witnessing. So, considering that, are you conﬁdent enough to achieve what we 
have been trying to fetch from the complex portfolio going ahead? 
Vinita Gupta:  
We've already started seeing the beneﬁt of the complex products, just a couple 
of products like Albuterol, what -- how much they beneﬁt from us, from a 
proﬁtability standpoint. We can't wait for our portfolio to be rolled out 
completely. I mean, when Spiriva gets approved, the potential of Spiriva is 
substantial, both on top line and as well as bottom line. And we will execute 
on these opportunities. Meanwhile, until they get delayed, one feels uncertain 
about them, but the fact is, our team is working one hundred percent to get 
these products approved and launched. And as we look at launching these 
products that will really help us grow the top line as well as the margin proﬁle, 
we feel conﬁdent of getting to that in the next couple of years to 17% to 18% 
EBITDA level. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. But whether you are happy to achieve whatever the proﬁtability that 
you have achieved in case of Albuterol, ma'am? Because that is a concern that, 
okay, that was a key product and we have been targeting certain level of 
market share and we achieved everything. But that has not inﬂuenced 
anything at all to our overall proﬁtability. Although, there has been 
incremental competition, incremental challenges that was -- generally that has 
come up, but still. So, given the scenario whether we should see whether the 
kind of proﬁtability that we are trying to achieve, will that justify the kind of 
money that we have been spending on the complex portfolio? 
Vinita Gupta:  
I would say that actually, Albuterol oﬀset a lot of challenges of the oral solid 
portfolio and the erosion that we saw on the oral solid portfolio. And as we 
look out the next two years, we are expecting that Albuterol will have some 
price pressure / price erosion and that we are factoring in new products that 
we bring in to the market that will help us bolster the top line and bottom line. 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. My second question is on Spiriva. See, obviously it is delayed a bit. But 
in the meanwhile, have you understood anything about the potential 
competition in that product and why and when? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah. So, we don't believe, I mean, as of yet no one has really ﬁnished clinical 
trial. We believe that one company has started working on the trial. They are 
just starting a PD study. So, from anyone who's starting a PD study right now, 
if I look at our timeline, they are going to be three years away at least to get 
the product to the market. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. So till the time that we will be having kind of exclusivity situation in 
Spiriva, whether that will have some kind of advantage in terms of grabbing 
market share for other products -- other respiratory product as well or there is 
no contentious beneﬁt that we should see? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Well, I wouldn't mean that would be an upside. If we can get it, I mean, we are 
strengthening our respiratory portfolio. So overall our position on the 
respiratory and our oﬀering from a customer standpoint goes up, but that will 
really be an upside to see how we can bundle them if we can at all. I mean, to 
us it's just a standalone, a very lucrative opportunity. 
Surya Patra:  
Sure. Just last one question about the numbers basically. So, whether any debt 
number that has been added during the quarter, because the ﬁnance cost 
looks slightly elevated this quarter? That is one. And could you also clear what 
was the ﬂu contribution this quarter just, means the sequential up move in the 
US sales what we have witnessed? How much was that driven by ﬂu? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Firstly, on the debt front, yes. So, we had a couple of acquisitions, the brands 
that we bought in America, we also bought brands in Brazil. That's actually 
come on to the scene. And there is of course the normal capital expenditure 
that we continue, which would have come through in previous quarters also. 
So these have actually in some ways taken up the overall debt position. Though 
there has been a reduction on the working capital front, this is -- it's the M&A 
front, which has cost us for -- to take on some debt. 
Surya Patra:  
What is the gross debt, sir? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  It comes to about total about INR3,400 crores is net debt and about INR4,600 
crores is gross debt. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. And anything Flu season contribution for the quarter, 
ma'am? 
Vinita Gupta:  
So, its A low single digit, couple of million dollars. 
Surya Patra:  
Sure. Yeah. Thank you, ma'am.  
Ramesh Swaminathan:  PenG prices have been ruling at a particular and at a higher end, because of 
that, to that extent, that ability to kind of -- we didn't actually want to sell at a 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
loss in America also because prices are what they are. We have been focusing 
on only products that are proﬁtable. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Nilesh, my ﬁrst question is on the India 
business. I think you mentioned we should get back to double-digit growth 
from second quarter onwards. So, at that point, most of the Cidmus impact 
and also the diabetes impact will be behind us. And we expect the MR to start 
contributing to productivity. That assumption is right; we should start seeing 
outperformance versus industry from second quarter. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Yes. And I actually we did not even talk about the NLEM impact that we are 
seeing little bit in the end of Q3 and then we'll obviously have that in Q4 and 
then obviously a good portion of that we would expect to reverse in Q1. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Understood. And if I were to look at the business in a little more two to three-
year perspective, do you think we need any investments, organic and inorganic 
to sort of bolster our position further in India?  
Nilesh Gupta:  
I think we are doubling down on India, adding a 1,000 representatives. We are 
cognizant of what that means in terms of employee expense, in terms of selling 
promotion and the like. But we see this as an opportunity to grow in India. 
Obviously, in the COVID period, we held back from adding people and the like. 
And again what we're doing is no diﬀerent from the other industry leaders 
where clearly there is a renewed focus on India. And it certainly is part of our 
plan as well. I think we are already committed to doing whatever is required 
from a people perspective and expense perspective and R&D perspective to 
get growth to the business. 
I would love to hold in inorganic moves in this as well. We did some smaller 
stuﬀ including buying the in-licensed product Ondero and the Anglo-French 
portfolio, which is actually performing very well. But I think acquisitions are 
going to be few and far between, because especially the somewhat bigger ones 
as you've seen, it gets to a multiple that you really can't justify. So we would 
seek value and that would make it diﬃcult from an inorganic perspective, but 
we are looking at everything that comes our way and for our own part digging 
out opportunities that we could chase as well. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Understood. Given that we are doubling down on India and most of the 
competition is increasing ﬁeld force, SG&A. How do I put that in context with 
the fact that we want to look at cost optimization further? That would indicate 
that our costs are probably -optimization whatever might come through might 
be more than oﬀset by the fact that we need to continue to invest to grow in 
India, which does makes margin expansion without Spiriva nearly impossible. 
Is that the right conclusion? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
So maybe I can start. Ramesh, you can add. I think, ﬁrst of all, there are some 
period eﬀects. Yes, we are adding people. Yes, there will be certain costs 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
associated with that and we will not get a return obviously the very day that 
we add those people. I think the cost optimization measures are largely driven 
from the optimization that we saw overall from a generic footprint 
perspective. So, lot of the stuﬀ that we've done, optimizing the R&D spend, 
optimizing the manpower footprint: 16% reduction in our workforce, in our 
manufacturing plants, optimizing the R&D work force and the like, a lot of that 
is gone in the direction that the generic market is changing. We will obviously 
play in oral solids and the like, as well. But clearly, the focus is to be a 
specialized generic player focusing on inhalation, injectables, and select oral 
solids. 
So I think that -- to me those optimizations run in parallel. There are still 
obviously ﬁve or six key growth drivers and big business areas within Lupin. 
And some of them will take investments at certain point of time, the others 
will get optimized. But net-net, obviously we're all working to build a high 
growth organization with growth at strong double-digit and obviously with 
EBITDA far better than what we have right now. We are very cognizant of the 
fact that we are under indexed. So I think these investments are being made 
in light of everything else that is happening, but obviously with the view that 
in the next few quarters, we should be getting to much more solid numbers.  
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Neha, just to add to that and give further colour, there is a base beyond which 
it is impossible to go on quite a few buckets. And to that extent, perhaps 
there's some buckets which is not possible to kind of optimize further. But I 
also identiﬁed a few buckets where a great deal of optimization is still possible. 
This is essentially in terms of the footprint reduction in some ways. Potentially 
you could also look at the idle time associated with that. And third bucket 
potentially be on the reduction -- on the inventory write-oﬀs that we have seen 
so far. So those buckets will certainly contribute in some base to further 
eﬃciencies. And that will certainly move the needle. 
And you are also speaking the same breadth of in fact of two-to-three-year 
horizon. And when we get to that point, we are talking about quite a few 
products coming through. Spiriva certainly, in our opinion, should certainly 
come through with great deal of conﬁdence we're saying this, in the ﬁrst half 
of the current year itself. And then we are also lining up in fact for products for 
the future. We are working on in fact the injectables portfolio. We are working 
on the entire respiratory range. And there is every conceivable product which 
is worthwhile looking at, we're looking at out there. And we are pivoting a lot 
more towards complex ones. So, to that extent, there's a lot more stickiness 
associated with that, realizations associated with that, which is perhaps not 
that you will see in the OSD portfolio at least in recent times. So I think, whilst, 
there is further optimization possible on the cost front, a lot more possibilities 
for the top line. And that as you know -- and EBITDA is ultimately going to be 
the diﬀerence between the two. And of course, R&D expense, to our mind, 
whilst we pivot to in fact the more complex ones, as a percentage of sales, it'll 
certainly keep going down only. So I diﬀer with you and I would say that EBITDA 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
margins in the next two to three years will certainly be much higher than what 
is today. Clearly, it's an absolute nadir from my perspective and 18% to 20% 
over the next two to three years is -- from my perspective is a certainty. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Understood. And last question, if I may. Vinita, you mentioned about the 
Nagpur facility clearance helping unfold on injectable pipeline. Could you give 
us some colour on the number of launches or the opportunity size that we're 
looking in injectables next year or the year after? Any colour would be helpful. 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah. So now that we've got the approval, I mean, we are also accelerating our 
portfolio, looking at some of the contract manufactured products that we can 
bring in-house where we haven't had the right cost and supply position. I think 
in the ﬁscal year ‘24; we potentially can bring four to ﬁve products into the 
market. We have couple of ﬁlings that are pending. Glucagon, Bumetanide, 
famotidine as well as all the products that we are -we manufacture outside 
that we can bringing in-house in Nagpur with the right cost structure. So, four 
to ﬁve products in the next ﬁscal year. We'll try to accelerate that and a larger 
number in the year after. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Thank you, Vinita.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Niteen Dharmawat.  
Niteen Dharmawat:  
I see that we are continuously changing our strategy. So, I see that wherever 
there is a momentum, we go over there. We started somewhere in pathology, 
now we are hiring 1,000 people for India business. Earlier it was Japan. We 
made acquisitions in USA. And things are not working and that's why we are 
making too many changes. Is that the case? Are we making too many changes 
with our strategy? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Actually, we are not making any changes on our strategy. I mean, we've been 
very focused on building our core business which is: one, India; two, our US 
complex generic business; three, anywhere we can get operating leverage like 
other developed markets with our generic portfolio, the investment that we've 
made in our pipeline and in our manufacturing facilities; and four, the other 
emerging markets, which pretty much are self suﬃcient in terms of their P&L 
as well as the cash ﬂow requirements. So, there's no real change in -- I mean, 
the only change in strategy that has happened over the last couple of years, I'd 
say is a sharper focus on complex generics, more specialist in portfolio versus 
a broad generic portfolio. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  And the entry into Japan 12 years ago and the exit were very well crafted 
strategy, so to speak. There was nothing tactical about it at all. So, our entry 
into in fact complex generics, injectables, biosimilars, inhalation space are all 
very well crafted and to that extent, we've been very consistent in actually 
going down the path as far as spends on those. There has been no change 
whatsoever. 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Niteen Dharmawat:  
I understand. So, can you give some guidance for the current ﬁnancial year and 
the next ﬁnancial year for top line as well as for EBITDA margins? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  EBITDA margin, if we talk about the next quarter, potentially, it will be around 
the same lines as the current quarter. But I've also indicated that things will 
get progressively better because we're working on several things on the cost 
front. And on the top line front, we keep reiterating the fact that there would 
be products coming in. So, things will only get better. 
Niteen Dharmawat:  
I see. And for the next ﬁnancial year. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Our ideal target would be to get to the core of 20% that the competition is 
currently at. Whether we get there in the fourth quarter of next year or in 
FY24-25 -- the overall direction is there. The target is that. And there's no 
reason why we should not get there, because all the initiatives are in place, 
and we are going down the path of our strategy without retracing any of those. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
The top line also we're looking at double-digit growth. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yes. Across the markets really. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Sameer Baisiwala. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Hi, good evening, everyone. Vinita, if I'm not wrong, FDA had already inspected 
the site for Spiriva, isn't it? So, why should there be a need to do it again? 
Vinita Gupta:  
No, they have, and I don't know if there is a need to do it again, Sameer. It all 
depends on the agency though. 
Nilesh Gupta:  
Standard language, I think. 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah, it's been inspected before.  
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay. But they have given you two dates, so that means they are thinking 
about it. Yeah. 
Vinita Gupta:  
We don't know. So, they always give you two dates and its very standard 
language from the agency now on any product. So that's why we can't say for 
certain that it's going be April only. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay. Got it. And, Vinita, what transpired in November TAD date? In the sense, 
I thought that there was a good chance that they might have approved then 
itself, so... 
Vinita Gupta:  
No, so we got our priority review in November when we had reported. And at 
that point in time, we got -- we were expecting an approval close to an eligible 
launch stage, which should be very close to April actually. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay. Got it. And the second question, Vinita, are you seeing the competitive 
intensity in the US for OSD is going up or is it much the same for the three, four 
products that you mentioned that you saw some price erosion. Were there 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
new entrants which were bidding lower or even without new entrants, you are 
seeing prices roll down? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Actually, we have seen some rationalization on -- and a little bit of reprieve on 
the price erosion front because there's been a lot of erosion and companies 
have started to get out of products that we have gotten out of the couple of 
products, which really worry our customers. So there has been also supply 
disruptions with a lot of challenges that companies have had and some are due 
to the margin pressure, but otherwise GMP related issues. So, we are seeing a 
degree of getting back to high single digit price erosion at this point. And we'll 
see that continue in this calendar year. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
So, Vinita, if I may ask, how proﬁtable is our US business as it stands today? If 
you can just talk about it, because is that what is taking the entire company 
average way below and how sustainable is it to do business in this manner for 
a company which is probably the lowest cost producer in that sense? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah, I'd say that the US business EBITDA is below the company EBITDA right 
now, but I can tell you that when we look at the last full year, I mean, Q3 was 
probably the quarter where the US business did the best from an EBITDA 
perspective. So given all the eﬀorts on the cost optimization front, R&D 
optimization, stabilizing the base as well as executing on the new product 
launches, we have been able to get Q3 to a much better level than it was in Q2 
and Q1. And we continue to build upon it. And two years ago, the US generic 
business was above the company average EBITDA. And, subject to Spiriva 
happening and some of the other product launches, which are certain, like 
Darunavir is certain and the like, we expect the US EBITDA again from ﬁscal 
year '24 to be above the company's average level of EBITDA. Otherwise, we'll 
continue to optimize it. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, that's great. 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  You recognize, Sameer, as well as I do, it was a feast for quite some time. There 
has been a bit of a famine out there in the last two to three years. But it's not 
as though this party will never begin again. It will -- so once we get the products 
in place, things should be much better. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Yeah, sure. Ramesh, my worry is, excluding Albuterol, is it a bit in the red kind 
of a business and it's not about Lupin is just about -- is this a sustainable 
business model in general for generics to be supplying at the pricing that it is, 
given the consolidated buying in the US? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  And you also know this, so the entire business is kind of pivoting away from 
OSD into more complex ones. And these are more commoditized products is 
where there is intensity -- there is so much of competition. And one doesn't 
really make too much of moneys out there. So -- and to the extent, company 
should have focused on moving out of OSD and this is exactly what we're trying 
to do also. 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, great. One ﬁnal question from my side, if I may. It's on Suprep. Vinita, 
two parts. One is, how has the pricing been, typical exclusivity type pricing 40% 
erosion or -- and second post 180 days, how do you see the competition 
coming up? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah. So, it has been a two-player market, the authorized generic, the brand 
launched in authorized generic and us. It's been a very, very nice opportunity 
from a margin perspective. Price erosion even in a two-player market is 60% 
or so. So there has been that kind of price erosion. However, the run rate that 
we see is looking better beyond the 180 days, because we believe that the 
other players have supply issues on the API. That really is impacting the 
product approval and launch.  
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Vinita Gupta:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Bino Pathiparampil. 
Bino Pathiparampil:  
Hi, good afternoon and good morning. Vinita, just a couple of speciﬁc 
questions on products. Darunavir, you just mentioned. So, we are set for 
launch of 600 and 800 in 1Q, right? 
Vinita Gupta:  
That's right. 
Bino Pathiparampil:  
Okay. And are we going to follow that up with the other strengths after six 
months or so? 
Vinita Gupta:  
I believe so. I mean, the material opportunity, the larger opportunity we see is 
the exclusive strength that we have in the majority of our revenues that we 
see. The upside is for the exclusive strength. 
Bino Pathiparampil:  
Got it. And what's the update on pegﬁlgrastim in the US, I believe you are 
looking forward to approval near term? 
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah. So, we responded to the agency on the queries that they had, just in the 
last couple of weeks and we believe that we've been able to satisfy, from our 
perspective, all of the questions that they have. So ﬁngers crossed that we get 
that approval in the next couple of months. 
Bino Pathiparampil:  
Next couple of months. Okay. Understood. And any further update on Dulera? 
I believe there also you had some queries to which you responded.  
Vinita Gupta:  
Yeah. So on Dulera, we have received a CRL from the agency and we need to 
do some additional work on the product that is ongoing. So we'll have to 
respond to the CRL which we haven't responded as of yet. 
Bino Pathiparampil:  
Understood. Yeah. Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Good evening and thank you for taking my question. Just the ﬁrst one is a data 
point on the India business. What's the current ﬁeld force, like you talked 
about 1,000 people, but where were we at say March end and now, so what's 
the absolute number? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
At end of this, we will be at 7,100 reps and 9,300 as the total sales force. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. Thanks, Nilesh. So, when we track the progress and you've guided to 
quarter two next year where you'll start growing faster than the market, so 
what are some of the monitorables, maybe PCPM, if you could -- doctor 
coverage, if you could guide us to some of the things that we need to be 
watching out for? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
I think we should just be watching out for the total number where we report. 
I think there's too much granularity. Our PCPM is actually pretty good. Our 
overall PCPM is an 8.6 lakhs per representative. So it's actually a pretty good 
number overall, but there is a spread. I mean, in an acute business, it's going 
to be lower, it's higher in more chronic high end business. So, I wouldn't try to 
watch out for those things. The divisions that we are adding are in the big 
areas. So there is -- there are -- there is the metabolic division, there is another 
respiratory division. So, but I think one of it will reﬂect in the total numbers 
and the therapy-wise numbers. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. Nilesh, helpful. My second question is just on regulatory compliance and 
just maybe you can -- Nilesh can answer it from an industry perspective as well, 
right. So, when participants ask what is the contribution from Mandideep, why 
is that question being asked? Is it because people worry that every OAI is now 
equivalent to an import alert? So just which is surprising. So, after so many 
years of having to work with the FDA, so how should we think about the 
dynamic and what are you hearing when you interact with inspectors, quality 
people? What are some of the feedbacks that you're picking up? 
Nilesh Gupta:  
I appreciate you asking this question. From the industry perspective, I think 
there is an over-heightened sensitivity to every 483 that there is. But obviously 
if there are excessive number of 483s or obviously other regulatory action, that 
is of concern. There's no question about that. And from an industry 
perspective, we've obviously had a few examples where quality is somewhat 
pretty bad in other markets and the like. And unfortunately, I think that brings 
the industry in a bad light. We are coming out from -- we had I believe about 
60 odd inspections in India in 2022 versus the normal 200 plus. So obviously 
we're getting into a period where there will be more FDA inspections and with 
the number of facilities that we have, as an industry, there will be obviously 
some portion of negative outcome that will come out as well. But I think - I 
would only -- we had ﬁve observations in Nagpur. Everybody gave us a hard 
time. We've got the approval thereafter, right. So, I think the nature of the 
observations is important and not just not just the numbers. So I think it's 
important to get a little bit deeper into this which is I think you guys do a great 
job of that. 

 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Nilesh Gupta:  
As far as we're concerned, I think we've had some wins and some misses. 
Ankleshwar was a win. Nagpur was a win. Somerset was a very nice win. Even 
with the follow-on inspection, Mandideep clearly, we were not at the right 
level. We're taking the right steps to not blow out further than what it is. But 
it's not acceptable. Tarapur is not acceptable as well. And there is a clear 
remediation plan on this. So, we do believe that we will get them to the right 
spot. We're not just going to leave them there just because the contribution 
maybe below a certain level. Whatever we supply, every product that we 
supply has to be of the right quality. People don't have to look at where the 
product was made. So, we are committed to this. I think the industry is 
committed to it in a broader sense as well. Certainly, it is scrutiny on industry 
is going to be there. And we have to be up to snuﬀ. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Sure. The next question is from Madhav M. 
Madhav Marda:  
Yeah. My only question was the -- you said that the R&D expense as a percent 
of sales should come down as the revenue base goes up. Could you give us a 
sense? I think we should be about 8% or so for this year, but what is the FY24-
25 look like as a percent of sales, if you could give us some sense? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  Yeah. So, this year is going to be about 8%, but in the subsequent years, it will 
certainly come down by 1 percentage or 2 percentage for sure. 
Madhav Marda:  
1 percentage or 2 percentage? So, could be in the 6% to 7%? 
Ramesh Swaminathan:  1 percentage to 2 percentage points lower I would say over time. 
Madhav Marda:  
Got it. Okay, perfect. Thank you, Ramesh.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Vinita Gupta:  
Hopefully, we've been able to answer all your questions. We hear all your 
concerns on the margin front. It was not too long ago, couple of quarters ago 
that we were in a single digit margin. And the fact that we've been able to pull 
the business back up to double-digit in Q2 and then further improve it in Q3, 
we will continue to work on this front to ensure that we continue to grow our 
business in a proﬁtable manner. We certainly don't feel we're anywhere close 
to our potential as an organization, but we're moving in the right direction, and 
we will ensure that we can get to our true potential. It might take us couple of 
quarters longer just given the delays in product approvals, but we will get 
there. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Lupin Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines 
and exit the webinar. 
