 
08.02.2023 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code:532644 (ISIN.INE 823G01014) 
Through BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd.,Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex,Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: JKCEMENT 
(ISIN.INE823G01014) 
Through: NEAPS 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Sub: Audio recording of   Conference   Call   pertaining   to   Financial   Results for Q3 
FY23 
 Please find below the link of Audio recording of Conference Call held on 
Wednesday, February 08, 2023, in respect of the Financial results for the third 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022. The said results were 
approved by the Board at its meeting held on February 05, 2023. 
Link for recording: https://www.jkcement.com/transcript-report  
This is for your information and records. 
Sincerely 
 
 
Shambhu Singh 
Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary 
FCS No. 5836 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHAM
BHU 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by SHAMBHU 
SINGH 
Date: 2023.02.09 
15:36:08 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“JK Cement Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. VAIBHAV AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY KUMAR SARAOGI – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - JK CEMENT 
LIMITED 
MR. 
PRASHANT 
SETH 
– 
PRESIDENT 
(BUSINESS 
INFORMATION & INVESTOR RELATIONS) - JK CEMENT 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to JK Cement Limited Q3 & Nine Months 
FY2023 Earnings Conference call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Agarwal from PhillipCapital. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
Thank you Nirav. Good evening everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited we welcome you to the Q3 & Nine Months FY2023 call of JK Cement Limited. On 
the call we have with us Mr. Ajay Kumar Saraogi – Deputy Managing Director and CFO, 
and Mr. Prashant Seth – President, Business Information and Investor Relations. I would 
like to mention on behalf of JK Cement Limited and its management that certain statements 
that have been made or discussed on this conference call may be forward looking 
statements related to future developments and current performance. These statements are 
subject to number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors which may cause the 
actual developments and the results to differ materially from the statements made. JK 
Cement Limited and the management of the company assumes no obligation to publicly 
alter or update these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or 
future events or otherwise. I will now handover the floor to the management of JK Cement 
for their opening remarks which will be followed by interactive Q&A. Than you and over to 
you Saraogi! 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Thank you Vaibhav. Good evening and welcome to Q3 call. The Board of Directors met on 
February 5, 2023 to review the performance for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 30, 2022 and the major highlights for the quarter are as under. 
 
Revenue from operations was 2288 Crores as against 1940 Crores in the previous quarter, 
an increase of 18%. The other income was at 22 Crores as compared to 26 Crores. The 
operating expenses were 2025 Crores as against 1570 Crores, an increase of 29%. The 
EBITDA for the quarter was 267 Crores as against 377 Crores, a drop of about 29%. The 
finance cost was 66 Crores as against 65 Crores. The profit before tax was 129 Crores as 
against 260 Crores, a drop of about 50%. The profit after tax was 97 Crores as against 167 
Crores, a drop of 42%. The EPS was Rs.12.50 as against Rs.21.66. The EBITDA margins 
for the quarter was 11.95% as against 19.83% in the previous quarter. 
 
If you see the nine months data. The revenue from operations have increased during the 
nine month period by 22% at 6596 Crores as against 5410 Crores and the operating 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
expenses were 5636 Crores as against 4311 Crores, an increase of 31%, and the EBITDA 
for the nine month period was 974 Crores as against 1139 Crores, a drop of 14%. The 
EBITDA margin for the nine month period was 15.11% as against 21.46%, a drop of 30%. 
The profit after tax for the nine month period was 403 Crores as against 544 Crores, a drop 
of 26%, the EPS was Rs.52.10 as against Rs.70.46. 
 
During this quarter the company has successfully commissioned the Greenfield expansion 
in central India of 4 million tons of which the 2 million ton grinding is at Panna and 2 
million ton grinding is at Hamirpur and UP. The total amount spent during up to the year on 
the project is 2723 Crores as against 2970 Crores, balance would be spent in this quarter. 
Also during this quarter the company in its wholly owned subsidiary as you are aware that 
we had decided to go in for paint business the wholly owned subsidy acquired a stake in 
Acro Paints, a 60% equity of Acro Paints was acquired at 153 Crores, and balance 40% 
shall be acquired over a period of one year so in that way the company would be able to 
start the paint business very soon. 
 
If you look at the balance sheet position. The standalone gross debt as at December 31, 
2022 is 2686 Crores as against 2850 Crores as on March 31, 2022, and the net debt is 1455 
Crores as against 1606 Crores. The net debt to equity is 0.32 as against 0.38. On a 
consolidated basis the gross debt is 4141 Crores as against 3434 Crores and the net debt is 
2871 Crores as against 2150 Crores and the net debt to equity is 0.63 as against 0.51. So 
these are the major highlights. We will open for questions. We will be pleased to answer 
them. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you Sir. My first question is on the pricing front. So first of all where we have seen 
the price increase in the third quarter in terms of the regions where we operate because 
across the companies we have seen different scenarios, which they are reporting, so some 
companies are reporting a growth in South and East under that did not reported any growth 
in realization Q-o-Q so just wanted to understand what was actual and for us and post 
December till now have we seen any decline or increase and how do we expect realization 
for this quarter do we expect any price increase? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
As regards price increase is concerned we saw some increase in prices in the North in the 
month of November, but again all the price increases, which was taken by about 15-20 
could not be sustained in the market (audio cut) 08:43 and we saw maybe during the 
quarter maybe about Rs.5 a bag net increase in the prices in the North. South the price 
increase had taken place, but again then there was a dip in prices and we are seeing further 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
pressure on the pricing in the South and as of now if we see even in the North there has not 
been any further increase and still there is some pressure only on the pricing. Yes the only 
silver lining is that the demand is good and we do expect that going forward there are 
possibilities that the industry could take some price increase and we could offset the impact 
of the cost increase. 
Shravan Shah: 
But what do you think could be a logical reason, I understand that it is difficult to comment 
in terms of the region, but still in terms of why a significant pressure in prices in South and 
even North and now when the full construction season is going on what could be the reason, 
is it the cost pressure which is cooling off that is giving a comfort to the players that net-net 
we are still able to see the improvement in margins so not to go for a price hike or maybe 
some price reduction is fine and still focus on the volume? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Volume is a part of the demand. In cement it is not that if you reduce prices you will get 
more volume it is not related. Volume is always related to the demand, we have seen good 
price increase in the East and West, but cost inflation in both those areas are similar to what 
the producers are feeling in the North or in the South. We really do not see any plausible 
reason especially I would say that the North demand could be better than any other region, 
and in spite of that the prices have not taken place at least what was expected and definitely 
we were hoping that we would get a price increase of minimum Rs.20 to Rs.30 a bag, but 
somehow it did not happen we are just waiting, and even if you look at the various results, 
which have come out it is not that the EBITDA margins or anything are at a very 
comfortable level, which gives a comfort to the industry players not to go for any price 
increase, but it only happens in cement and it is happening, very difficult to say why. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes got it. Sir, couple of data points railroad mix for this quarter, lead distance, fuel mix, 
power and fuel average cost on rupees terms and in Kcal basis for this quarter? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, rail movement is 19% and lead distance is 470 kilometers. 
Shravan Shah: 
Power and fuel cost in rupees term last quarter it was around 12000 and on Kcal basis it was 
2.4 so what was the number for third quarter? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, it has increased by around Rs.400 per ton the fuel rate so on per Kcal basis it has gone 
up by Rs.0.20 last quarter it was Rs.2.40 now it is Rs.2.60. 
Shravan Shah: 
Now in January what you say for this quarter also how do we see or do we see the same 
because of the inventory that we are carrying? 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
We think that it should reduce to the level of the previous quarter so we should see 
reduction of minimum Rs.0.20 per Kilocal in the current quarter. 
Shravan Shah: 
The fuel mix so pet coke 50%, the same share remain? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
It is even higher pet coke is 55% in terms of volume and if you see in terms of heat it is 
around 75%. 
Shravan Shah: 
In terms of the capex last time we said 1900 Crores for 2023 and 1400 Crores for FY2024, 
and now still 250 odd Crores is remaining for Panna so for fourth quarter what is the capex 
that we are looking at and for FY2024 what is the number? 
Prashant Seth: 
No, it is same at the same level out of the 1900 Crores we have already spent close to 1600 
Crores so balance we expect 200-250 Crores in the last quarter and the guidance for the 
next year remains the same. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir last just a clarification needed in the sense that we share the standalone number, 
standalone volume on the white and grey front, but now Panna even a subsidiary though we 
are expecting it will get merged hopefully so you can also update whether it is getting 
merged by March 31, 2023 or not so on consolidated basis when we started looking at the 
consolidated to capture the value of the Panna so it is better if we start giving the number 
for the consolidated in the sense that the same way we give so what is the consolidated grey 
volume? 
Prashant Seth: 
Yes, we understand that, we will share the consolidated number for the grey business means 
whatever it is there in the main company and the subsidiary and for this quarter it is 36.61 
lakhs the overall grey volumes and the net sales was 1789 Crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
Our grey volume from Panna was how much? 
Prashant Seth: 
Consolidated is 36.61 and the grey volume for the main company was 35.46 so this is 1.15 
lakhs is the volume, which is the subsidiary. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir if you could just help us understand the ramp up 
at Panna so to say and also are there any one off expenses or stabilization related cost to the 
same, which have been incurred in this quarter and may not continue going ahead? 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
The ramp up plan for Panna we had initiated opening up of various markets and we are 
confident that as far as even in this last quarter we should have Panna about 50% capacity 
utilization levels we should reach and (inaudible) 16:44 should be even higher than that. So 
we are confident on ramping up the volumes of Panna. Having said so yes the plant 
stabilization after we commissioned the kiln in the latter part of November. There are 
always certain teething troubles and the kiln is under stabilization, and as you know the 
waste heat recovery power plant is yet to be commissioned and there would be some 
shutdowns for that purpose. So at the end if I would say that the entire project activities that 
will get over by sometime by March-April and the plant should get fully stabilized in the 
first quarter of next fiscal till such time there would be no certain additional operational 
expenses both at the plant level and even in the market since we are going to see new 
markets so there will be continuous more branding and other activities. We have already 
done quite a bit even in this quarter certain branding activities and that is reflected in our 
EBITDA also of about 20 Crores is the branding activities, but if you after making an 
investment of close to 3000 Crores it is a business need to do all these branding activities, 
and market development exercises, but unfortunately they are not part of the project cost as 
per the accounting and they have to be treated as a revenue, but however this will help us, 
and we are confident that we would be ramping up our capacity in a new market region at a 
rate which would be far more than expectation and we will do it faster. We are confident on 
that, this is the first line indications, which also we have, our product is well accepted in the 
market, and we do not foresee any problem on that ground. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
I appreciate that Sir and I understand this in the previous quarter you had highlighted that 
even as the kiln like even before it starts production we had started kiln in that market and 
setting up our distribution network and overall preparations around that so it is great, but 
just from a numbers perspective if you could just help us understand in the standalone P&L 
that we are looking how much could be the cost attributable to all these activities put 
together, which will then like more streamlining in the coming quarters is there some cost 
associated to that? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
No. So, what will happen in this quarter in the standalone I would say about 20 Crores is 
there because of opening up and majorly the sales have been done in the standalone 
company. However from this quarter onwards all these activities and branding activities 
will be done as per accounting in the subsidiary itself so that major expenditure will not 
come into the subsidiary part, but definitely as a consolidated basis we will definitely see 
because we would need to, so the subsidiary would see a higher operational cost because 
the plant is going, there are issues on stabilizing the waste heat is not there which would 
lead to a higher power cost, the fuel when you fired the kiln, so you have different mixes of 
fuel, there is a lot of this, initially wastage of fuel, which leads into higher fuel cost, we had 
a high inventory, we had planned some imported pet coke for the plant, which was a high 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
cost pet coke, which in the existing operations the cost gets averaged out with different 
consignments, but here on a standalone basis for the subsidiary, we have a high cost 
available, which will affect the EBITDA of the subsidiary. So having said that and it is 
difficult to put in numbers, but I would say two or three quarters at least maybe not towards 
branding and operational cost and other 20 Crores each in for next two, three quarters, two 
quarters 20-25 Crores each may be there. As call it a one off stabilizing or market 
development and other costs that could be there, which is quite normal for a Greenfield 
plant. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Appreciate, but just to follow up here waste heat recovery that hooking up with this new 
kiln would ideally happen now directly in Q2 right because you are stabilizing the kiln as 
we speak and then in Q1 you may not want to take a shutdown so fair to assume that this 
would happen in Q2 now waste heat recovery? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
No. So, we are planning sometime in March, April. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood and just one last question if I may. This total capex as PrashantJi mentioned 
initially of 1900 Crores that is excluding what we are paying for Acro Paints acquisition, 
right? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
No, that includes the capex for the paint business. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
It includes the capex? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Actually that 1900 Crores indication was based on certain because earlier we were 
planning, it goes in the standalone as an investment, it does not go as a part of capex and 
that 1900 included a normal when we were putting up the plant, expenditure on the plant, 
now since we have acquired on the equity, this quarter the cumulative the upfront the 
amount spent during this fiscal or on the paint business would be marginally would be 
higher by about 100 Crores because we had planned about 175 Crores and we will be 
spending in this whole fiscal 275 Crores on the paint business. So to that extent yes, but, 
next year it will get, now since you have acquired and it will reduce other costs so the paint 
business next year investment would be lower in the paint business. We are well within the 
600 Crores approval that the Board had given, and which we had committed, there is no 
plan, all expenditure we would be able to develop the paint business well within that 600 
Crores. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood Sir. Fairly clear. Thank you. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir what will be your lead distance maybe 2-3 quarters later 
so it used to be at one time 450, now it is at 475 now so how will it shape up post Panna? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Once Panna I think the overall lead distance will get reduced, so even further North it had 
increased a bit because we were serving certain markets of Panna where which had longer 
lead from the existing North plants. So post Panna I think overall there should be a 
reduction when exactly maybe 30 kilometers reduction could be there so it may go up to 50 
we are still working on all the details, but definitely there would be a reasonable 8% to 10% 
reduction in the lead distance. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So maybe something like 440-450 tons? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, we should definitely see at those levels. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
How is the white cement business doing? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
So white cement is doing fine otherwise when though the pressure on the putty still 
continues that all the other paint manufacturers are continue to be very, very aggressive, and 
we have now even the grade 2 grey cement producer has also entered the putty segment and 
Wonder Cement has put up a plant in Rajasthan, and even JK Lakshmi has put up a plant in 
Rajasthan only recently last week they have commissioned a plant of putty in Rajasthan 
near Alwar I think, so as far as Putty is concerned it is becoming still more and more 
competitive so that is the position, which is definitely having some impact. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
The number 20 Crores that you said you spent for branding, so is it for the entire company? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, exactly incremental amount which was spent for Panna, 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you Sir. Continuing my previous question I was asking you mentioned that 115000 
is the Panna volume, but you also mentioned that you booked the revenue in standalone and 
not in the Panna subsidiary. 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
No, it is not like that, whatever volume, whatever due market is fed from the standalone that 
revenue volume is in that company and subsidiary we had done the volume of 1.15 lakh 
tons and that revenue is booked in the subsidiary only. The combined revenue number the 
net sales combined for the grey cement operations in the main company and the subsidiary 
is 1789 Crores and in the main company it is 1739 Crores so you see what happened, when 
there was no production in the Central India and we had to see the markets of Panna so we 
had to supply from the existing plant all that booking is part of the turnover, and profits, and 
everything of the existing plants. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, I got that point. So, I was looking at the only number and the same way in terms of the 
white at consolidated level what is the revenue and what is the volume so I also netting off 
the UAE volume in the standalone so I want the same number, consolidated white revenue, 
and consolidated white volume for this quarter. 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
We will send you by separate mail the consolidated white numbers. 
Shravan Shah: 
The second thing in terms of the expansions in terms of the debottlenecking so 2 million ton 
we were looking at to start by this March so are we on track, is there any change? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
We are on track, it is a normal upgradation and so we are on track and I think therefore well 
within maybe in the last fortnight of March we should be able to conclude this capacity so 
our capacity will increase by 2 million tons by end of this fiscal. 
Shravan Shah: 
So from the next quarter that is next year 1Q FY2024 that should not be a problem in terms 
of increasing the utilization for this extra debottlenecking so we can easily see the normal 
utilization what currently we have, that should be the case for the extra 2 million ton? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, it will give us more flexibility as the market is growing and we have not done any 
investment in addition in the northern market so it will give us a space to expand our 
existing markets both in the north as well as in the South so we will be able to do that. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir though we definitely are not looking at the short-term borrowing as a number in terms of 
the presentation we only consider the long-term, but still for the number sake what could be 
the short-term borrowing as on December? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
So short-term borrowing is around between 350 to 400 Crores that is the working capital. 
Shravan Shah: 
I was just looking at from the reported gross debt number so that is what I was asking in 
that sense. 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
In the gross debt the short-term borrowing is not included. 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Shravan Shah: 
No. For balance sheet the way we report in the balance sheet on the liability side noncurrent 
and the current so in noncurrent liabilities we have borrowing and in the short current 
liabilities also we have a borrowing so that number what we report normally for the last 
September or March against that what is the number that I was looking at? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Actually that needs to be worked out because when you report in the balance sheet even 
certain long-term borrowings which are becoming due and payable within next six months 
they are not performing part of the long-term borrowings, and it gets too short in short-term 
borrowing. So we need to recast in terms of balance sheet and send you separately. Those 
are current maturities and whatever the gross debt we are telling you the number that 
includes that. It is only the working capital facilities, which we are not including in the 
number which we are giving to you that is about 350 to 400 Crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
So, at the standalone and consolidated the number remains the same 350-400 Crores. 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes. At a consolidated it will not be, because there is some working capital facilities with 
the Fujairah plant also has. 
Shravan Shah: 
So at consolidated level this number would be 500 Crores upwards? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
More than 500 Crores. 
Shravan Shah: 
Got it. That is it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Singh from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity Sir. I wanted to understand about the brand positioning of our 
brand in the central region because the numbers for revenue and volume which you gave it 
looks like that the realization there is around Rs.600 lower than the normal grey cement 
realization which we report so have we given higher discount in the beginning to make a 
market or there is something else to relinquish? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
No, we have not given, yes some additional discounts have been given that is a normal 
course, but having said so we had placed our product in the premium category only. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Secondly when kiln at Panna has not stabilized so are we feeding the grinding units from 
the North plant and that has led into higher lead distance or the clinker requirement is being 
made from Panna plant as of now? 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
As of now mostly if you look at January then the most of the requirement has been met 
from Panna itself, but in the last quarter I said and the quarter under reference the clinker 
only started in end of November. So there was when December only major all clinker has 
come from North only even whatever has been fed into the existing markets 115000 which 
is the standalone sale that is also majorly out of clinker which has come from North. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
So, there could be some reduction in lead distance going forward in this quarter only, right? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next followup question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from 
Nuvama Institutional. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you for the followup. My question was about merger of the subsidiary Panna with 
the standalone entity so by when is that expected anytime soon, please? 
Prashant Seth: 
Yes, anytime soon, the matter is already listed with NCLT and so I hope there was a 
hearing earlier which they have given a date, our next date is on the 10th itself. See from 
our side already everything has been submitted and through whatever has been the 
requirement, it is only I hope the hearing takes place and we get the order and sometimes 
the order gets resolved and or they may give another date, but otherwise it should be done 
very soon, everything is complete from our side. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
So everything is falling in place, is it possible that March quarter numbers can well be like 
Panna can well be part of the standalone entity? 
Prashant Seth: 
It may not be so though the effective date of the merger is April 1, 2021 so we will be doing 
that, but the actual effect of the merger may take some time as a part of our scheme State 
Governments to reconfirm on the subsidies and on the transfer of mining leases as an 
abundant precaution before we actually affect the merger, so we are not going to get any 
problem in that it is being done as a part of abundant precaution. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Fair point Sir. Thank you for clarifying that. These incentives, which are linked to the 
Panna project they start kicking in now? 
Prashant Seth: 
Yes, they start coming in immediately. Already they are aware of this merger and 
everything is in order and they said that they will make it effective once you bring the order 
copy to us so what we have decided that we put it in the scheme, that the scheme should 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
become we would like the scheme to be effective immediately on a reconfirmation that this 
has been transferred to the parent company. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood. Second question was on the paint business front. I think PrashantJi if I heard 
correctly you said capex towards paint this year is more like 275 Crores so I was just trying 
to reconcile this because for Acro acquisition we have paid about 153 Crores and some 
another 18-20 odd Crores is likely to be infused to like pull up the capacity to whatever is 
promised so that total still like more like 175 odd Crores? 
Prashant Seth: 
No, actually what happened Navin is that the whole consideration goes into the escrow 
mechanism. So I am taking the entire amount transferred to the escrow mechanism as the 
investment. The 150 the first lot of acquiring 60% shareholding that has already gone to the 
shareholders through the Acro promoters the balance amount will go within a period of one 
year in two installments 20% after six months and 20% after, but the amount is lying in 
with the escrow agent. So I am taking as far as company is concerned whatever amount has 
gone into the escrow mechanism as an investment as amount spent that is the call, if you 
say the escrow mechanism then the amount remains (audio cut) 39:48. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Right, understood. Just one last question. You said putty business is getting even more 
competitive as we speak so now from a company’s perspective how are we looking at this 
business as consistent volume increase, but sliding margins or is there any other way we can 
attack this because I think there was also a plan of pursuing contract grind, a contract 
manufacturing of putty at remote locations or third party locations? 
Prashant Seth: 
After the second part first, some distributed manufacturing has already started but that is 
only the small pockets and not very big capacity. We are getting to see as whatever with the 
tense competition in the putty business. We have two things one is to secure the present 
volume and also whatever is the growth in the market to get that whatever is the market 
share we do not lose the market share. So what we are trying to work we had a plan that we 
could be able to increase our market share. On this direction at least in this year what we 
have been able to do at least a marginal improvement in the market share, but we have been 
more or less there not to lose any market share though the margins because there are two 
things on the putty front even with the increase in the white cement cost, the white cement 
prices, the raw material costs of putty are increasing, the chemicals our costs have increased 
both in terms of the rate of chemicals, 2) because of the rupee devaluation, because 
chemicals are all imported so all this is putting pressure on the putty margins and because of 
the stiff competition the incentives are also increased because now majorly the paint guys 
are in the putty business and they are giving higher margins which need to be matched and 
as I said two new players are getting in so they would like to get pass on some additional 
margin. So again see putty is getting from a specialized product to a commodity, and once it 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
get into commodity we cannot have that edge which unless have edge in terms of yes 
though our putty is well accepted we still command a premium in the market, we still 
command preference in the market, but with both the things our premium cannot be very 
high, the bridging of the premium with the other brands has to be there to maintain the 
volume numbers. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood, but the Lakshmi and Wonder Cements plan of putty that is based on white 
cement of domestic source or this is more on the imported white cement? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
It does not matter whether they take domestic white cement or they take imported white 
cement that is immaterial because the white cement component is only between 16% to 
18% so it really does not matter and whether they will take white cement either from us or 
BW and even imported it will be our sub BW because there are mostly all the imports are 
being done from UAE it is Rack White in us. So rack wise now Ultratech is the owner of 
more or less becoming the owner of Rack White so it will again be Ultratech orders. So that 
is there, but again they try and take the other 80% of the raw material is local dolomite so 
they are trying to whatever try and capitalize on that local dolomite and their existing 
whatever dealer network and retailer network and use that for the sale so they are not 
investing so much, they are not investing anything on branding, they are not investing 
anything on after sales service and all they only leveraging their grey cement network. As 
far as Wonder is concerned the leveraging is marvel network also. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood. So is it safe to say that these margins for our overall margins for the white 
segment business are they seen slipping below the grey business as we speak or they are 
still at par? 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Yes, mostly presently it would be at par and if you see even in last fiscal I would see both 
margins are more or less same and what we had an advantage in the white business having 
25% to ranging between 25% to 30% so those good days are no more there, so we would 
see going forward it could be marginally in line with the paint companies margins of around 
15% or so. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Sir, just one last question if I may. Paint, since like Acro Paints will get in a way formally 
integrated with us from FY2024 so what kind of revenue and margin guidance that you 
could just help us with that? Thanks. 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
So, see again with the paint earlier plan was we will put up our plant and then also develop 
a market and there will be a lot of investments in terms of the market development and all. 
With the acquisition of Acro Paint a lot of expenditure towards market development the 
formulation that we should be able to save substantially over there though we had even in 

 
 
 
JK Cement Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
the paint business in the initial years projected a higher loss in terms of operating loss for 
the first three years substantially when we were looking at the capital investment was only 
about 300 Crores and balance 300 Crores was going in terms of partially for working 
capital and the losses so we definitely going for see that the losses figure should be 
substantially reduced because the Acro existing is not a loss making company. We will try 
and work out leverage that and our own putty network to grow the market and so what we 
shall be doing that and having said so yes to create a brand there would be certain expenses, 
but we do not expect huge losses in the paint business in the first year, but on the topline if 
suppose Acro has topline of net of around 70-80 Crores we expect end of FY2024 we 
should be able to do a total at least 50% increase may be 75% increase on the topline. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Great that is really helpful and all the very best for the paint industry. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Final reminder and no further reminders will be announced. I now 
have the conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Agarwal for closing comments. 
Vaibhav Agarwal: 
Thank you. On behalf of Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited let me thank the 
management of JK Cement for the call. Also thank you participants for joining the call. 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Ajay Kumar Saraogi: 
Thank you everyone for joining. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
