 
Jindal Steel & Power Limited 
Corporate Office: Jindal Centre, 12 Bhikaiji Cama Place, New Delhi 110 066     
CIN: L27105HR1979PLC009913 
T: +91 11 4146 2000 F: +91 11 2616 1271 W: www.jindalsteelpower.com E: jsplinfo@jindalsteel.com 
Registered Office: O. P. Jindal Marg, Hisar, 125 005, Haryana 
February 5, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department,                             
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,                                           
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,                                        
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Scrip Code: 532286                                                 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                                                
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in  
Symbol: JINDALSTEL 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
SUBJECT:  
TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON JANUARY 31, 2023, 
AT 05:30 P.M. (IST) 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated January 27, 2023 w.r.t the Earnings Conference Call intimation 
for the financial results with the Institutional investors/ analysts. 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earning call is enclosed 
herewith and has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.jindalsteelpower.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jindal Steel & Power Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Anoop Singh Juneja 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
ANOOP 
SINGH 
JUNEJA
Digitally signed 
by ANOOP 
SINGH JUNEJA 
Date: 2023.02.05 
12:26:42 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Jindal Steel & Power  
3Q FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIMLENDRA JHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. RAMKUMAR RAMASWAMY – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
MR. VISHAL CHANDAK – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PALLAV AGARWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jindal Steel and Power 3Q FY ’23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pallav Agarwal, from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Yashasvi, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to the third quarter 
results call of Jindal Steel and Power. We are joined today by the senior management team from 
JSP. Mr. Bimlendra Jha, the MD, Mr. Ramkumar Ramaswamy, the CFO, and Mr. Vishal 
Chandak, the Head of Investor Relations. 
So, I would like to now hand over the call to Vishal for his opening comments. Yes, Vishal, over 
to you. 
Vishal Chandak: 
Thank you, Pallav. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and thank you very much for joining 
us for the Q3 briefing of the earnings highlights for JSP. So we will start with a quick overview 
on the financials, by our CFO sir, Mr. Ramaswamy, and then we’ll jump into the Q&A. 
So without much ado, sir, I’ll hand over to you, sir. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
Thank you. Good evening, and good day, everyone. Let me give a quick overview of the 
financial and operational performance for this quarter. 
Let me start with the sales volume first. Our volumes for the quarter was 1.9 million tons. This 
is a 6% decline Q-o-Q, primarily driven by a 48% decline in exports. The domestic volume also 
marginally declined by 1%, primarily driven by issues around rake availability and dispatches. 
The share of exports in the total volumes declined to 5% as against 11% of the previous quarter. 
The production for the quarter was 2.06 million tons, which is a 13% increase quarter-on-quarter. 
As you would know in the last quarter we had some shutdown and this quarter all the plants 
produced at optimum capacity. The Angul plant created a world record in production during the 
quarter by producing 54 heats in a day during October. 
Let me talk about realization. Our NSR declined by 1% quarter-on-quarter as the pricing 
remained soft during the quarter. And to give you a quick sense of where we are, Currently, we 
are seeing prices firming up and the current realizations are marginally inching up by 1% to 2%. 
Our SMS costs declined by 9% during the quarter. This was primarily driven by lower coking 
coal price of around 18%, lower thermal coal prices of around 17%, iron ore prices remain flat 
during the quarter. As per our practice, we do not provide any forward guidance on numbers for 
the subsequent quarters. So I’m not giving those guidances. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Let me move on to EBITDA. Our standalone adjusted EBITDA is INR 2,163 crores. This is 
52% higher quarter-on-quarter, primarily driven by the factors that I detailed earlier, that is lower 
volumes, lower realization, offset by lower costs. The EBITDA per metric ton for the quarter 
improved and is INR 11,183 per metric ton. The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter is INR 
2,296 crores, which is also 51% higher Q-o-Q. The main operating entities Mozambique, South 
Africa and Australia, they had an operating EBITDA of around $20 million and after adjusting 
for FX, this translates to a $4 million during the quarter. Profit after tax, On a consolidated basis, 
our profit after tax was INR 518 crores, which is 137% higher quarter-on-quarter. Before 
exceptional items, our profit after tax is INR 897 crores for the consolidated entity. 
I would also like to give an update on the overseas subsidiaries, the investments that we had 
highlighted last quarter. As highlighted earlier, we have concluded an independent valuation 
exercise and based on that we have provided for INR 7,253 crores in the standalone entity against 
the overseas investments. At a consolidated level, this provision gets offset. We have, however, 
charged off goodwill and other assets appearing in the consolidated books to the tune of INR 
378 crores, which you will see in the financials as one-off exceptional items. Based on the above 
provision, our net loss at a standalone entity level is INR 4,512 crores. Exceeding the one-offs, 
our profit after tax is INR 836 crores during the quarter for the standalone entity. 
I’ll give a quick overview on our debt, our journey of deleveraging continues. Our gross debt at 
the end of the quarter was INR 10,983 crores and net debt was INR 7,478 crores. At a 
consolidated level, our net debt was INR 7,090 crores, which is 0.66x our EBITDA. I’ll also 
give a quick overview of our cash flow, and then we can open up for Q&A. We had an opening 
balance of INR 6,383 crores of cash. Our adjusted EBITDA was INR 2,163 crores. We had a 
net reduction in working capital of INR 713 crores. This was again, our focus on cash and 
inventory reduction. We had also taken short term loans of around INR 410 crores for the power 
assets that were acquired. These were the main inflows. 
In terms of outflows, we concluded the refinancing of loan to the extent of INR 1,728 crores. 
We repaid short term buyer’s credit and working capital loans of INR 968 crores. We invested 
in our subsidiary Jindal Steel, Odisha, INR 939 crores. Our advance tax payment was INR 710 
crores. Our own capex, both sustaining and growth capex in JSP was INR 642 crores. Scheduled 
loan repayments was INR 448 crores. And the financing cost was INR 343 crores. With this, we 
ended with a net balance of INR 3,505 crores. Again to summarize, cash flow from operations 
was INR 2,164 crores. Cash flow from financing was negative INR 3,077 crores, because of the 
various repayments that we did. And cash flow from investing was INR 1,965 crores, resulting 
in a closing cash of INR 3,505 crores. 
With this, I would like to conclude the overview and hand over for any Q&A. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a first question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have two questions. The first one is essentially on 
sales volume, which was a tad lower in this quarter due to rake unavailability and issues around 
dispatches. So my question is, is there some volume lying at the port or at the plant that we can 
expect will come in Q4? And if you can also guide for the sales volume for the full year or for 
Q4 at the deem set? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Yes. This is Bimlendra Jha. Thanks for your question. There was not much of FG inventory built 
up. It was only about 35,000 tons that was built up. So as you know, one of the reasons why we 
had much higher sales number at the end of quarter 2 was because there was lot of inventory 
lying with us and we wiped this almost clean at the end of September. So, thereafter it has mostly 
been whatever we have been able to produce, is what has been sold, except for some break and 
availability issues due to focus on coal movement in India. So that focus from the government 
has not changed. 
And therefore, we continue to face some difficulties on the movement of our raw materials as 
well as finished goods. So barring that, we don’t see any issues, and whatever we produce, we 
should be able to sell. On that rake movement also, we have tried to compensate it as much as 
pass it through the road, and we are also buying our own wagons. So, but that is also, as you 
may be aware, is taking time in India to get your wagons very quickly, because there is shortage 
of wheels in India. So, these are some of the challenges that the Indian industry is facing. And 
other than that, whatever we produce, we will sell. So that is the only guidance we can give you. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, coming to overseas mining subsidiaries, I mean, we have seen that so far in terms of 
volumes, they have been pretty state. So going ahead, what kind of volume growth we can see 
over there, particularly from your Australian mining subsidiary? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So, in Australian mining subsidiary, we have been trying to debottleneck that and make some 
solid adjustments to the way they mine and process the coal. And that should be still after June, 
we are expecting that they will be in a position to have a proper mining and coal beneficiation 
and also get better gains from that. Because, at the end of the day, it is all coking coal and because 
of the high ash content, it gets sold as a thermal coal. So all that will change after they have 
invested in that washery, etc., that they’re doing. 
Amit Dixit: 
 
And what would be the quantum of that investment that washery investment? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
It’s minor, I think. How much… 
R. Ramaswamy: 
I think we are evaluating the capex investments in Australia, and maybe by next quarter we will 
be able to provide a clearer view. At this time, it is a bit early. But it is not substantial. It’s not 
substantial. It’s small amount. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is, if you could just share the updates on all the growth and cost saving projects 
which are lined up, as far as their commissioning timelines, specifically for coal blocks, the 
slurry pipeline, the pellet plant and the hot strip mill? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Okay. So our some of the clearances, etc, are still in the process and therefore some of these will 
be only done as those clearances keep coming. But the pellet plant is very close to 
commissioning, based on earlier clearances that we have had. It is under trial testing phases. So 
we will soon get the consent to operate and we will be able to start operating that plant. 
Coal mine will be the next big one and there are, again, clearances in the process, we have kept 
everything ready in terms of the equipment, contractors, etc. So the moment we get all the 
clearances, we will start moving into the land. And so, that’s just a matter of time. It can happen 
in weeks, in months, whatever, whenever it happens, it is all part of the government process. We 
start moving in and within four weeks, we start taking it out from the date of clearance. So, that’s 
the next one. 
As far as our slurry pipeline is concerned, that’s a slightly longer project. We have completed 
nearly half of it. And half of it is the more tougher areas where things are moving a bit slower 
compared to our expectation. But that is where all the conversations are happening to facilitate 
that. As far as hot strip mill and the rest of the investment around that is concerned, there is 
proceeding on a sound basis and quarter 2 of next year, we should be able to see these 
investments coming up. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Since, with respect to the coal mines, all the four coal blocks, I mean, they are seeing delays 
because of regulatory issues or we are seeing some progress in one or two of them? Any details 
mine wise, if you could share. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
No, we are seeing progress. It is just that the progress is not to our taste. But we would want 
things to happen in a week, which meant we were taking four weeks. So, that’s the difference of 
expectation. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And sir, with respect to the blast furnace and the hot strip mill, that is expected to, I mean, 
commission in the second half of next year and start contributing volumes? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Not blast furnace. We need clearances, etc. It is the hot strip mill, which has got off everything. 
So, that will definitely be commissioned in the second quarter of next financial year. And apart 
from that, we have got our -- just one second, I’ll give you the timelines from -- so second quarter 
of FY ’24, hot strip mill, pellet plant, of course, the first one, I have already told you, in the 
current quarter it should happen. Then slurry pipeline will be definitely by the second to third 
quarter of next financial year. And then blast furnace should also come up by the end of the third 
quarter, BOF around the similar time. So this is the kind of timeline that we are working there. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir, my second question is with respect to the coal cost. I mean, domestic coal availability 
appears to have improved and even thermal coal international prices are down. So I mean, what 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
is the sense on coal cost reduction going forward, both on thermal coal and coking coal versus 
the 3Q level? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Coking coal, the international prices are not down, they are up compared to last quarter. 
Although, they are down compared to last year. So if you’re making a comparison with respect 
to last year, of course, they’re down. But then those were exceptional numbers. If you compare 
it to the previous quarter, then they are up, and that kind of a movement in coking coal prices is 
anybody’s guess and it is dependent a lot on what happens in China. And China, when it returns 
after the Chinese New Year break, that is when we will know in which direction the coking coal 
prices are moving. So that’s very clearly also an indicator of demand. But the world level and 
the expectation is that the next -- the current calendar year is likely to be stable in China. 
Overall, the world is expected to increase it by about 17 million tons, out of which 7 million tons 
growth is coming from India alone, is what is the expectation for the current calendar year, so 
that means the current quarter and the three quarters of next financial year. So in this one, India, 
we see walking toward different drumbeat compared to rest of the world, which might open up 
a similar kind of a possibility that happened in the past where the raw material prices, if they 
don’t pickup as much as what happens on the steel demand side, then you can look at robust 
performance by steel players in India. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And any outlook on the thermal coal? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
On thermal coal, see, we will be -- the moment our mines open up, we are completely 
independent of what happens in the market. And that is why we are very keen that all our 
clearances happen quickly and we start mining. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So first question is on the pellet plant. So given that our one pellet plant is coming online by this 
year end. So next year, what kind of pellet volumes can we expect from that plant? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So this is a 6 million ton per annum pellet plant. And therefore, and it’s not a very steep learning 
curve or anything for us. It is just a question of commissioning and thereafter quick ramp-up. So 
that’s the kind of a capacity it has. The only trials and testing that we will have to do is that, 
whether the quality of DRI pellets we are able to produce, whether we are able to use flux pellets 
and all, so to that extent, we will be moderating the volumes, but otherwise, its capacity is 6 
million ton per annum. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, sir we can expect 4 million ton on that plant in FY ’24 and that will be entirely external sales, 
right? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
FY ’24. Yes. No, it will not be external sales. because it is coming up at our Angul, it will be 
entirely consumed in-house. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, given we already have 9 million ton of pellet capacity, so from there, we will be doing some 
external sales next year? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So net-net, you will see a sales from Barbil where we are getting our current pellets from. So, 
whatever is the quantity of pellets that we produce and consume in Angul, will be the quantity 
of pellets that will be released from Barbil for sales. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, and secondly, in terms of volume outlook, how should we look at it in from fourth quarter 
and FY ’24 perspective? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
See, volume is stable, and it is something that we are expecting that the demand in this quarter 
should be good. Export inquiries have also increased. So, as long as we can manage the logistics, 
I said earlier, we will be able to sell everything that we can produce. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And sir, for FY ’24, any volume guidance? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
We don’t give forward-looking statements, as you are aware. So the guidance is what you can 
see. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So is it fair to assume that if the industry is growing at 6%, 7%, we will be growing at 7%, 8%? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
As soon as I say, yes or no to that question, then I’m giving you a forward-looking guidance. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
My request is, as we mentioned, we do not give forward-looking guidance either in terms of cost 
or volumes. So, please, if you could take note of that. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
My first question is on the INR 7,000 crores write-off that we have taken in the standalone. So 
we understand, it’s to JSPML, but which are the end use entities, where we have actually lent 
these monies and do we plan to invest further in the subsidiaries? 
R. Ramaswamy: 
So, the end use subsidiaries are quite, quite many. I mean the main ones are of course here, 
Australia and Mozambique, South Africa. But then, we also had -- Mauritius had also invested 
in various other subsidiaries like Bolivia and Botswana and others. So we considered all of these 
investments when we did evaluation of how much we have invested. And the outcome of that is 
the impairment provision that we have made. I think you also asked a question on investments. 
So, there is no current plan to invest anything further in any of the subsidiaries. Yes. As and 
when there are any plans that are made, we will definitely disclose that to all of you. At this 
point, there is no further investment in any of these subsidiaries. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
My second question is on the captive coal blocks. So once these blocks are commissioned, as 
you mentioned, you will be fully independent on thermal coal. And how does the cost look 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
versus your current landed cost? Is the mining cost and the landed cost of those, materially lower 
or largely in line, including the royalty? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
No, it will be materially lower. Our own coal will be materially lower. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, couple of questions. First is, sir, how should one read into the tax implication of the write-
off INR 7,700 crores. If my memory serves me right, we had some prior gain corresponding to 
JPL. How should we connect both the dots, sir? That’s the first question. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
So, we have created deferred tax assets to the extent of INR 1,900 crores in this quarter. As and 
when we decide to write off, the appropriate tax adjustments would be made. So I think that is 
how you would like -- you should be viewing the tax benefits because of this. 
Ritesh Shah: 
If I could just stretch it, should we assume that whatever gain we had, we have a complete offset 
in place, so there won’t be any tax incidents? 
R. Ramaswamy: 
No, I wouldn’t suggest you should make that assumption for two reasons. The gain that was 
there, I’m assuming you’re referring to the JPL divestment. Those are capital gain, and the tax 
impact on account of this write-off, would be a revenue related item. And there is also a question 
of when we will actually do the write-off. This is currently only a provision that we have made. 
We will have maybe one or two more quarters where we will again evaluate and firm up our 
position. And then, we will keep you suitably advised. 
Ritesh Shah: 
My second question is more on capital allocation. So one is, just wanted some color on Monnet 
Power status, financial impact and timelines. The second is basically, are we looking at any 
inorganic moves? What we understand is, NMDC’s steel plant is also that it could be of interest, 
that’s the second bucket over there.  
And the third bucket, there was news flow pertaining to JPL or I think promoter entity setting 
up a power plant in Mozambique. The third point, is it any which was related to the company? 
So I asked basically three buckets on capital allocation. One is Monnet, second is NMDC steel 
plant, and third is [inaudible] Yes, sir, all related to capital allocation. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So I lose track of all the three questions. But nevertheless, it is, the first one is easy, because it 
is in our interest to quickly decarbonize. So, our investment in Monnet is about reducing the 
carbon footprint and getting a lower cost of power. In fact, it will be the lowest cost of power 
probably, that we will get, being a pit head plant. So this is something where we want to expedite 
it and we are giving ourselves a couple of years for the entire investment to be made around INR 
1,500 crores or so, is our current estimate of making it good. And it will be done in phases. So 
this is what is on your first question. 
The second question, and third question, if you want to — the second one was -- inorganic mode, 
yes. So we have already been very clear that these are good assets NMDC or RNL, etc. But there 
are -- all the time, anyway, our company is on the lookout for such good assets and we will 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
continue to explore this and we’ll continue to remain interested in these. And the third one was 
around Botswana and JPL, etcetera. So yes, JPL is doing something over there where we do not 
have much to say. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
So, my first question was around thermal coal cost. So like, would you shed some light on how 
has the DRI cost change in the quarter and are you seeing some benefit of the thermal cost 
reduction? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
It has not changed yet, because these coal mines have not opened yet. So thermal coal, whatever 
has been the market prices, etc, that is -- everything has been sort of in-line. But if you see, 
overall our cost has reduced by about 9% in steel production. And that was, thanks to the variety 
of raw material mix, which included, of course, thermal coal and coking coal and iron ore. So, 
given that trend, we were able to almost keep our NSR, the prices stable, whereas the costs give 
us good advantage and that is where you are seeing the result of quarter-on-quarter more than 
50%, I think, 51% on consolidated basis, 52% on standalone basis, EBITDA improvement. So 
that is a direct result of cost reduction, primarily on account of raw materials. 
Amit Murarka: 
Also given that the regional demand outlook is now better, like, could you kind of help 
understand how has the exports outlook for you changing in this situation? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So, see, market outlook, we are seeing a good robust improvement in the order book, which as 
you know, that this export duty was withdrawn only in the month of November 2022 and that 
quarter was already booked out. So inquiries started coming in after that. But that is mostly for 
the current quarter. And therefore, from a miniscule level to decent order book and that is always 
a question of where we get better realization. So, we keep evaluating that and we keep taking 
the orders or not taking orders on that basis. But we are seeing a very healthy pipeline of order 
book. 
Amit Murarka: 
I mean basically last two quarters exports have been weak. So like, can we expect it to go back 
towards like usual 20% of your total volumes that we have seen in the past? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
See, as I said, that the decision on every order is based on the alternatives. And we are not fixated 
on any export as a percentage. What we are fixated on, is highest value for the products that we 
make. And that is a decision which is based on every inquiry, and in the same timeframe, the 
alternatives that we have domestically. So, we would not want to hazard any forward-looking 
statement on how much would be the percentage of export. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
One question on the coal mining project. You mentioned that some of the clearances are coming 
in but late. Could you explain us what are the clearances involved and what are the steps involved 
in achieving these clearances? 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Bimlendra Jha: 
I’ll have to write a book and give it to you on the number of steps involved unfortunately. It’s 
just too many. It’s just too many, but every step has to be patiently answered, replied for and we 
keep going on and-on-with every step. And then I can’t give you the whole list of, at least 20 or 
30 steps, which we are monitoring on a daily basis. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
So broadly, if we have to revise our plan, accounting for the actual system that is involved into 
it, how do you see the ramp-up sequence changing and the timing changing from your earlier 
guidances? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
See, we have only given the guidance. I was there on the call last quarter, and I said that we 
would like it to happen as soon as possible, but it is not in our hands. So, technically speaking, 
everything can finish in four weeks timeframe. But it doesn’t. So what guidance do I give you 
on something that I don’t control. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
So outer limit, can we assume that all this mine would be fully ramped-up over the next two 
years or so, or could it take even longer than that in terms of achieving the peak potential? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
Two years is a good guidance for full ramp-up. That much I should be confident.  
Kirtan Mehta: 
And in terms of the second question was about sort of 9.6 million ton capacity that we have. Last 
time I think when we discussed, there were some gaps. So are we planning to close any gap 
during FY ’24 to improve the production level? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Surely. When we say 9.6 million ton, it starts with the metallics. So it is not all finished goods 
or semis or anything. It is all metallics, including sponge iron, pig iron, etc. Many of them get 
consumed within the system. Some of them, when we have surplus, then we are able to sell 
outside. Our guidance is that our company is focused on value creation and therefore, the more 
we are able to value-add, the better our investments pay off. So this is something that you can 
constantly see that when we are saying that we will make 54 heats out of a single BOF and 
created a world record, that is only shifting it from intermediate product to semis level. But I 
don’t have the finishing capacity for that semi. 
So today I may be selling that semi. Tomorrow when I have hot strip mill, then it immediately 
starts coming into production over there. And I may not have enough of semis. So this is where 
the sequence of investments counts a lot. And the guidance I gave last time as well was, that we 
start from where the highest value gets created and I did give that guidance that pellet plant is 
our first priority. Coal mines is our second priority. And then, actually the end of the chain 
becomes the next highest priority, which happens to be hot strip mill. Because you don’t create 
that much of value at the semis stage. So these are the kinds of ways in which we are making 
sure that our investments are paying for themselves. I hope that I the enough guidance for you?  
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. 
Bhavin Chheda 
Overall good set of numbers, Sir. Couple of questions. One on the Australian coal subsidiary, 
despite over 100% growth in dispatches, we have reported an operational EBITDA loss of $6 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
million. So were there any exceptional or -- because I believe, in the past we have said that we 
-- overall cost is roughly around $80 to $100 to produce coking coal there, the prices are much 
higher. So why are we not able to report profitability at the Australian mine? 
R. Ramaswamy: 
There are couple of reasons. One is of course the productions, the production itself, the volume 
was still much below the capacity that it is intended to for. But more importantly, specifically 
for this quarter, one is, there is a realization, which has come down significantly. The NSR for 
the coal produced from Australia was $197 last quarter. And in this current quarter, it is only 
$69. Yes. That is number one. 
Number two, there were quality issues because of high ash content, which again resulted in the 
lower NSR. And that is the reason why you see a lower EBITDA as far as the Australian 
subsidiary is concerned. This is what the team over there is focusing on in terms of improving 
both the production, the quality and therefore, realizing higher value. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
Essentially this coal got sold as thermal coal rather than coking coal. That’s the crux of it. 
Bhavin Chheda: 
And any plans to ramp-up volume and cost reduction efforts here because it’s quite long when 
we are yet to see any cash flows or EBITDA at the Australian mine. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So, if you see the quarter-on-quarter, there is a reduction in losses that has happened. And that 
is because, if we were mining three phases, we started mining two phases more efficiently and 
got a bit of improvement as a result of that, both in terms of cost, by reducing the manpower, 
but more importantly also focusing on the right quality, so, with lower etc. So that is the kind of 
an effort which is an ongoing effort right now. But yes, Australia, there have been challenges 
and we are overcoming those challenges as we speak. 
Bhavin Chheda:  
The second one on the capital expenditure spent in the quarter and first nine months? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
So, first nine months, the total capital expenditure… 
R. Ramaswamy: 
I will take. For the quarter, we just shared the numbers during my overview. During the quarter, 
the investments that we’ve made into our wholly-owned subsidiary, Jindal Steel, Odisha, was 
INR 939 crores and the capex that we had in Jindal Steel and Power itself for growth and 
sustenance projects was INR 642 crores. Totally, INR 1,500 crores. 
Bhavin Chheda:  
This is nine months. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
The INR 410 crores in Monnet. 
R. Ramaswamy:  
Yes. And INR 410 crores in Monnet. Therefore total of INR 1,965 crores during the quarter. 
Bhavin Chheda:  
This is during the quarter? 
R. Ramaswamy:  
Yes. This is during the quarter. Yes. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Bhavin Chheda:  
And nine months figure, if you have? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
I’ll give you the broad picture that whatever was the cash flow from operations, nearly all of it 
was spent on these three major buckets, which is, for the power, that INR 410 crores capex in 
JSP, investment in JSO. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
On the nine months, maybe I can share. The total investments into Jindal Steel, Odisha was INR 
2,708 crores. In Jindal Steel and Power, JSP, it is INR 1,566 crores, plus INR 410 crores for 
Monnet. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Prashant Kumar Kota from Emkay Global. 
Prashant Kota: 
Sir. I have only one question. This is regarding our debt. Sir, now we have a gross debt of INR 
10,000 crores and net debt of about, I think, INR 6,000 crores, INR 7,000 crores something. Our 
EBITDA stream is now even at this current level of, not so great, EBITDA per ton. We are 
probably going to clock INR 10,000 crores per year rate, nearly to INR 10,000 crores and the 
new capacities coming up, coal mines coming up on stream over the next one, 1.5, to 2.5 years. 
You are sitting on substantially cash generating asset base and asset figure. We are worried that 
you know, sir, our debt is too low compared to what our balance sheet can support. The context 
is that, at one point, we had INR 40,000 crores, INR 50,000 crores of debt, that is one we created 
these assets. Now those fruits are coming. So now, if we are under leveraged. maybe two, three 
years we have pushed, there is an opportunity to use our balance sheet further. I’m just thinking 
out loud of it. Your thoughts would be helpful over there. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
First of all, you are a very good analyst. You have made our task easy. You are absolutely right. 
And why do we generate money in business, if not for capital asset creation? So obviously, a 
capital assets have to be created. But as you know that we have been now changing the structure 
of the company in such a manner that we said that our existing investments, we will try to make 
sure that we move towards the zero net debt and convert this company into like HoldCo and 
have all these entities such as JSO, do the borrowing and investment on a 100% owned 
subsidiary model. 
So you are seeing that our investments are coming up. And we have also stated our position very 
clearly that the maximum amount of debt that we would take is 1.5x our EBITDA. So as our 
EBITDA grows, our capacity to take debt will grow. But that doesn’t mean that, just because 
you have the capacity, you use it. But you have then headroom to make ambitious plans. And 
those ambitious plans are always being drawn and you keep your powder dry for any acquisition 
opportunity, et cetera. So it is important to keep the powder dry. Having an ability to invest is 
more important thing than actually investing all the time. I hope that answers your question. 
Prashant Kota: 
Sure, sir. That answers. would have been more happier if that 1.5 you said, three, but sure, sir, 
it answers the question. And thanks for the kind words. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a next question from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just a couple of clarification questions. On the Monnet Power deal, if I understood correctly, the 
800 megawatt of captive power plant at the site was already sufficient for the expansion plan 
also. So is the power plant that is coming up Monnet Power for Angul 3, and that’s given in light 
of the MOU you’ve already signed with Greenko, how does this Monnet Power plant fit into the 
entire picture? Is it basically replacing the existing captive power plant you have on-site? That’s 
the first question. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
First of all, we don’t have 800 megawatt of power generation capacity. It is 135 x 6, how much 
is that? Okay, around 800 megawatt. Sorry Yes. So, but these are much less efficient compared 
to Monnet Power. And our stated ambition is to decarbonize, eventually becoming a net zero 
emission company. But Rome was not built in a day, and you can’t just jump into that future 
state and it is better to have a journey where this opportunity is utilized in a very intelligent 
manner. And I’ll give you some color to this statement, so that you realize what is being done 
here. So first of all, 25% reduction on our power-related carbon footprint immediately comes 
from where these assets are operated compared to the other assets. But that is not the only thing 
that it does. 
Now couple of other changes that have happened as a result of this is that, we need process steam 
and we would have spent money on investing in new boilers. Instead, we will decommission or 
just isolate the turbine part of it and use the boiler part of those 135 x 2, and use it for process 
steam. That means our capital investment will reduce significantly from there. 
And what also happens is that, because this is a huge land in a contiguous territory, we can 
shorten the distance of travel for the non-coking coal, the thermal coal that comes from our coal 
mines, which are next door. In fact, the length will be two-thirds to half of its current plant, 
because we will also relocate our washery over there. And they already have another washery. 
Now all this makes it tremendous sense from a capital allocation perspective, from carbon 
footprint perspective, and efficiency perspective, and we will be producing cheapest thermal 
power. Now that is not contradictory to a future state where we are constantly wanting to invest 
in renewables and tie up renewable power capacity. We have a stated ambition to have 1 gigawatt 
of renewable power tied up completely. We, JSP, for example, is already trying to make 
investments into hydropower and all that, so that we are able to get green power. Our CGP-based 
DRI is already using hydrogen as a reductant in its process because of syngas and we are already 
capable of making a hydrogen-based DRI as and when green hydrogen is available. Now all 
these dots have to be connected together to be able to see the relevance of Monnet Power into 
our larger scheme of things. I hope that satisfies you. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just a follow-up on that. When you say efficient, is the Monnet Power plant has — does it have 
much better station heat rate compared to the existing power plant? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
Yes, 2,400 as against 3,000. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just another question on the Australian coal mine. You said it is being sold and the NSR is very 
low. I was able to -- if I’m understanding it correctly, historically, the idea was that the coking 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
coal from that mine will be exported and used in the JSP steel plant. Is that coking — is that 
mine sending coal somewhere else as thermal coal? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
See, first of all, I think, you are on third question rather than second. But it’s okay. Australia, I 
think we have to get our act better and we are working in that direction. Currently, this coal has 
so much of ash content without having a washery that we are having to sell it more like a thermal 
coal. We are not getting the coking coal prices for this. Of course, we are in negotiation and 
discussions with parties that have got washing capacity and are hungry for coal of this nature, 
so that they can get the right coking coal. And we would like to sell coking coal from a coking 
coal asset rather than thermal coal. So all this is an improvement on which we are working. But 
obviously, we are not where we should have been. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
And maybe if I can add.I think the choice of whether it is going to be consumed captively or 
sold externally, I think that will be made on a dynamic basis. So for example, in the second 
quarter, 100% of it was consumed captively, whereas in the third quarter, because of the quality-
related issues, we have to make those choices. So I think that’s how it will be on a dynamic 
basis. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Can you just update us on the capex plans? You have indicated around INR 18,000 crores, I 
assume that it does not take into account the mining capex. So if you can just help us with some 
numbers, what we should bake in portfolio for FY’ 23, ’24 and ’25, one quarter for this year and 
’24, ’25, please? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
So first of all, that number was not INR 18,000 crores. I think it is INR 22,000 crores, including 
Monnet, it is INR 24,000 crores. So if that is the number that you would like to keep in mind, it 
is that number and I think you might have numbers without GST or something like that. So just 
kindly make that correction with yourself. 
Ritesh Shah: 
 
Sure sir. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
And as far as mining assets are concerned, obviously, we will have to get back to you with a full 
assessment of our mining plans. 
R. Ramaswamy: 
We are finalizing the entire slate of capex over the next few years. And then, maybe over the 
next quarter or so, we would be in a position to share more clearer numbers, Ritesh. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And, sir, I just have a follow-up on the prior question which I asked. The one more specifically 
on Botswana, you indicated JPL is doing something, we don’t have much to say. I just wanted 
to check, we have a coal mine, I think under JSP which is in Botswana, will it have anything to 
do with, if at all, a power plant comes under JPL over there? I’m just trying to just have some 
sense from a related party transactions going forward. 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Bimlendra Jha: 
 
Yes, we will be the beneficiary. They don’t have any other source of coal. 
Ritesh Shah: 
But, sir, then the current write-off that we took, I think you indicated that it also included the 
regions of Bolivia and Botswana. So I’m just trying to connect the dots again over here, just 
trying to understand the rationale, if the impairment had to be done, then why are we doing it 
now, if there is some hope at JPL to put up a power plant and do something with a coal mine 
over there? 
R. Ramaswamy: 
So maybe, you will have to look at it in two ways. First is, this JPL, when the power plants will 
come, etc, is a bit unknown to us. Yes. I don’t think it is an immediate short-term to medium 
term, it is going to be operational. I mean we don’t have all the details, but that is number one. 
Number two, in terms of the provision that we have taken, that is an assessment, best case 
assessment based on what we see now.  
Yes. Now, if conditions change, if things improve, if we see better value available at a later point 
of time, then we’ll have to relook at it at that point in time. Again in this provisions, we have 
considered two things. One is the net present value of the inflows and also we would have 
considered a terminal value of the reserves that are there. So, I think that is how the value of the 
assets would be made. So the terminal value of some of these assets have been considered 
appropriately. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, can I squeeze in one question, I think it’s important for investors as well. Like, looking at 
the history of the company we have seen, first, it was Oman then it was JPL. We divested it for 
the right reasons. It ended up in the polls of the promoters at the right costing, right valuation, 
that’s perfectly fine. Sir, would you be able to give some assurance that something of that sort, 
probably, see, if I look at the Botswana coal mine, if I look at the Australian assets, we have 
taken a write-back, and if I go back in history, I think, same things actually played out for the 
other assets in past as well. So, will we look at a hive of over there divested? It’s a hypothetical 
question, but I think if you can give some color over here, some assurance, I think that would be 
good. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
First of all, you have yourselves said that at the right value, something has been done. And if 
today JSP is having a strong balance sheet, it is, thanks to some of these divestments, otherwise, 
from a INR 46,800 crores, the level of gross debt, we wouldn’t have been at INR 10,000 odd 
crores of gross debt if some of these divestments won’t have been made. So, why would 
somebody be looking for assurances, etc, if there is such a positive story to talk about. And in 
any case the second point is forward-looking statements, we refrain from. And you are asking 
for an assurance on something that we don’t even know that it is an assurance or what is your 
fear, because as far as the history is concerned, the company has done well by making 
divestments. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, the fear is basically, JPL was divested, citing ESG an example. And we are looking at 
Monnet as such right now, citing the rationale of, say, station heat rate and logistics. So I’m just 

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
trying to, again, just connect the dots, that’s why I use the word assurance. So, at the right price, 
it’s fine, but then the rationale that we had cited earlier and what we are citing right now, I think, 
if you look at in the history of the company, I’m just not able to connect the dots. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
No, but we have given very-very clear rationale and logic for Monnet acquisition. I don’t know 
if I can say something today, why will I not do it, and should I allow somebody else to take a 
large piece of land right next door, which is actually literally going for a song. You know, how 
much is the money, time, energy, that is to be spent in acquiring additional land. Even if, there 
was no power plant over there, that land could have been acquired at that price and it would have 
been still worth it. That is the kind of valuation that we did. 
It is a completely different matter that it has got a half-finished power plant, which happens to 
be extremely efficient and therefore, that asset -- acquiring that asset made so much of a no-
brainer since that the first time I visited it, after I became the MD of this Company, it was not 
even on the horizon, but I started saying that this asset must be acquired without any 
consideration to what we have done to JPL, etc or what the market would think, because, this is 
the most logical thing to do with such a huge area under clear title ownership, with the boundary 
wall contiguous to our own plant. It made so much sense that even if we had any history of 
power plant or not, we could have acquired it, even if we had to dismantle that power plant. 
Moderator: 
 
We have our next question from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thanks for giving me one more opportunity. Just in terms of the asset write-off for the JSPML, 
we have done at INR 7,000 crores. Could you give us the asset value, as well as the capital 
structure under that subsidiary? And how much loans are existing and whether they are -- the 
capital structure is sufficient to take care of it? 
R. Ramaswamy: 
Some of this is already externally available information. You can access it in our previous annual 
reports. Or if you have further questions, our IR team can share you the details. This is all 
publicly available information. 
Vishal Chandak:  
In the interest of time, this was the last question. So, would you like to conclude? 
Moderator: 
 
Yes, sir. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Pallav Agarwal. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. Yes, I would like to thank the management of JSP for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call and also Mr. Jha, any closing remarks from your end? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Yes. I think, it’ll be helpful probably to look at the results from a discretionary perspective. Some 
of the analysts have already taken the right view on these results. I have always maintained that 
profit is an opinion and cash is the reality. And if you look at cash position, the company has 
done well.  

 
 
 
Jindal Steel & Power  
 
 
January 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
If you look at the investments, it has made the right kind of investments. It has made the right 
calls. I think, much has been unnecessarily been and — some of the investors about this 
acquisition of Monnet Power. Particularly, thanks to the JPL divestment, it didn’t make sense. 
But I guess, we have been able to give cogent consistent reply around the subject, both from a 
decarbonization perspective as well as from the strategic perspective of this land, which lies 
right next to us. 
What we realized in the course of due diligence was, that there was so many more pluses that it 
was completely a no-brainer to make this acquisition for many, many other reasons, leave alone 
the power plant. So I think everybody would be hopefully convinced. If anybody wants to come 
and pay a visit to that area, we would welcome you very much, because then, what I see, you 
will be able to see. And I would only say that keep trusting your company for the kind of 
decisions that we’re making. At the moment, we are the strongest balance sheet company in 
India compared to any other steel company. We are also completely focused on infrastructure 
and construction, which is the thrust area for the government. 
So even at 6.6% GDP growth rate, normally you would expect the steel intensity of that growth 
rate to take you to 8.5% increase in steel demand, but we have seen the first nine months of the 
year, had 12% increase in steel demand and most of it is from infrastructure and construction. 
The fact that JSP portfolio is completely focused on infrastructure and construction, you should 
feel more-and-more confident about the company and its policies. 
Thank you very much. Hope to see you next quarter with similar kind of results. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This transcript may not be 100 % accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. The Company retains all 
rights to this transcript and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. The Company shall have no liability for 
errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages in 
connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the information nor any opinion expressed in 
this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities or commodities. The opinions expressed in this 
transcript are solely of the individuals and would urge investors not to solely base their business decisions on them. Also, any 
forward-looking statements made on the call are purely indicative and subjective in nature and could change materially based 
on variety of factors including but not limited to market conditions, demographics, political situations, pandemic etc. 
 
