 
 
Ref: MOL/2022-23/78 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
SYMBOL:- MOL 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor- 25, P J Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code:- 543331 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earning Conference Call held on January 23, 2023 for Q3/9M FY23 
Financial Results  
Dear Sir,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of earning conference call held on 
January 23, 2023 wherein Q3/9M FY23 Financial Results were discussed. 
The said transcript is also available at www.meghmani.com in the investor section.  
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Meghmani Organics Limited 
(Formerly known as Meghmani Organochem Limited)  
 
 
Jayesh Patel  
Company Secretary  
ICSI Mem. No: A14898 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
JAYESH 
RAVJIBHAI PATEL
Digitally signed by JAYESH 
RAVJIBHAI PATEL 
Date: 2023.01.25 18:39:07 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Meghmani Organics Ltd 
Earnings Conference Call  
Jan 23, 2023 
 
 
Moderator:  
 Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings call of Meghmani Organics Limited 
for Q3FY23. Today, we have with us the management represented by Mr. Ankit Patel, Chief 
Executive Officer; Mr. Gurjant Singh Chahal, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Bharat Mody, Investor 
Relations Adviser. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that the remarks today might 
include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially from those 
contemplated by forward-looking statements. Any statements we make on this call today is based 
on our assumptions as on date, and we have no obligation to update this statement as a result of 
new information or future events. I would now like to invite Mr. Ankit Patel, CEO of Meghmani 
Organics, to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Ankit Patel:  
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to each one of you and 
thank you for joining us on our Q3 and 9MFY23 earnings conference call. I trust everyone is doing 
well. I believe you have got a chance to go through the financial result and investor presentation 
uploaded on the Stock Exchanges and website. During Q3FY23, the Indian chemical industry was 
impacted by global macroeconomic factors, including geopolitical concerns, inflationary pressure 
in major economies, rising raw material prices and contraction in demand. Despite of this short 
term hiccups, we at Meghmani Organics remained focused on enhancing our capabilities and 
capacity, eyeing on timely execution. Meghmani Organics has strong balance sheet with an ability 
to generate free cash flow. The company can fuel its CapEx plan with robust working capital 
management backed by internal accruals. India is becoming a preferred manufacturing 
destination as MNC’s opt for China plus one strategy thanks to its cost advantage focus on quality 
& sustainability and favorable business environment. The global macro factors have its impact on 
our financial performance this quarter. During the 9M FY23, the Company's revenue surged by 
18.5% to nearly INR 2,000 crore and the net profit during this quarter stood at INR 205 crore. The 
Company continues it's focused on cost control measures, which has led to significant reduction in 
other expenses and maintain the EBITDA margin to 14.1% for 9M FY23.  
 
On the balance sheet front, the Company's cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 77 crore, as on 
31st December. The debt to equity ratio stood at 0.43 as on 31st December, despite ongoing 
capex, we are happy to share that the company has consistently maintained its debt to equity 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
ratio to less than 0.5 in last three years. The return ratio, like ROCE and ROE are at 15% and 18% 
respectively as on 31st December 2022.  
 
Now let me take you through the segmental performance. Agrochemical contributes to ~ 75% of 
overall company's revenue. The Company is able to maintain the EBITDA margin of nearly 19% for 
this division despite of the adverse global macro challenges. Meghmani Organics is well positioned 
to benefit from the China plus one strategy of global players coupled with the CapEx plan eyeing 
on the new molecules. Pigment business contributes nearly 25% of the revenue. Currently, the 
pigment business is witnessing slow export demand and contraction in the prices due to the 
challenging global macro environment. During the quarter, pigment performance has been 
adversely impacted due to liquidation of high cost inventory and exceptional loss due to the fire in 
the finished good warehouse. The Company has adequate insurance cover. We expect to recover 
in demand in pigment division in the next few quarters. The Company's revenue contributes ~85% 
from the export business. The Company follows prudent risk management policy and keep 60% to 
65% of its foreign currency exposure covered by the way of natural hedge in the form of imports, 
forward cover and borrowing in foreign currency.  
 
On the rise in finance cost during the quarter, there was a huge volatility in currency movements 
which has led to mark to market gain on receivables and mark to market loss on foreign currency 
borrowings. As per the accounting standards mark to market gain of INR 73 crore on receivables 
has been shown as other income, whereas mark to market loss on foreign currency borrowings 
INR 38 crore has been accounted as finance cost. Out of rupees INR 38 crore mark to market loss, 
INR 35 crore is unrealized mark to market loss. During the Q3 FY23 there is a net foreign currency 
loss of INR 19 crore, while for 9M FY23 there is a net foreign currency gain of INR 35 crores. The 
borrowing cost, net of foreign currency impact is rupees nearly INR 5.5 crore for Q3 FY23 and INR 
11.7 crore for 9M FY23.  
 
Moving on CapEx, highlights, as mentioned in our previous call, the CapEx plan are progressing as 
per plan. On the pigment side, the first phase of the titanium dioxide plant, with the capacity of 
16,500 tons was commissioned on 18th January 2023. Our team is working towards stabilizing the 
plant and the phase two CapEx of doubling titanium dioxide capacity to 33,000 tons per annum 
along with the captive power plant is expected to complete by Q3 FY24. The commercial 
production of the Agro Chemicals Multi-purpose new plant was commenced in Q3 FY23 and the 
plant is getting stabilized. It will add meaningful contribution in the next financial year. We have 
announced to foray into Nano urea fertilizer through our wholly owned subsidiary Meghmani 
Crop Nutrition Limited (MCNL). We will incur the CapEx of nearly INR 150 crore for setting up a 
plant in Gujarat with the annual capacity of five crore bottles per year. The plant will commence 
commercial production in the Q4 FY24. MCNL aims to achieve a top line of nearly INR 1,000 crore 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
on the full year of annual basis. The management is confident to sustain the historic growth rate 
of for the coming years and create a long term value for its esteemed stakeholders. With this we 
would be happy to address the questions of the investors and analysts fraternity. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Veera: 
I just wanted to understand this new contract that we have recently announced for the CDMO 
contract. Will it be produced from the MPP plant and what is the terms ? What are the molecules 
or volumes that we are going to do per year basis? Prices are fixed or not, just some highlight of 
the contract.  
Ankit Patel:  
We have been working on this. We have signed this contract with one of the global companies. As 
per the terms and conditions we are not able to announce the name of the product and the 
quantum as well. We have already announced that the approximate value is INR 800 crore and 
the contract is for the five years and it can be extended further.  
Rahul Veera: 
Right, so we'll be producing it from MPP plant.  
Ankit Patel:  
So it is kind of both, partly MPP partly existing plant.  
Rahul Veera: 
OK and Sir since we have commercialized the MPP plant and we go in the name of the molecules 
so everything will be for external sales or some of them will be for backward integration as well.  
Ankit Patel:  
It is mainly from the external sales only. As of now the plant is also backward integrate. But as per 
our policy, we don't sell any intermediate outside. We always convert intermediate into technical 
product and we prefer selling the product either in the technical form or in the formulation.  
Rahul Veera: 
One last question from my end, like what would be the average 2,4D prices for Q3 and as of now, 
what are the current prices?  
Ankit Patel:  
Not just for the 2,4D overall in the agrochemical division also, there has been reduction in most of 
the products and this is across globally all the chemical industry has been facing. If we talk 
particularly in the case of 2,4D then the average price is around nearly ₹225  
Rahul Veera: 
OK, that is for the average of Q3.  
Ankit Patel:  
Yes  
Rahul Veera: 
OK, and as of now on 23rd January it's holding on. Is that correct?  

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel:  
As of now, it's holding on what we believe that this the global condition has occurred because one 
of the factor was that China was facing the COVID situation. They were under kind of a lockdown. 
Now, the China has opened up and their consumption will also start rapidly at the same time, 
some of the global factors of Ukraine-Russia war has also impacted demand. Also, partly in Europe 
and US has a recession point of view. However, the things are going back to the normal. As for the 
global condition, that is what we feel. So, in the next few quarters, we believe that price should 
not go further below. In fact, it should start improving.  
Rahul Veera: 
And sir this contract that we're talking about, INR 800 crores, is it like January to December and 
will be executing some of it in Q4 like this next three months? Or is it or fiscal year for like April to 
March? When do we plan to commence it?  
Ankit Patel:  
So it will start as per our financial year, yes.  
Rahul Veera: 
So approximately INR 150-200 crores can come from that contract itself.  
Ankit Patel:  
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics. Please 
go ahead.  
Ayush Mittal:  
I have two three questions, so if we see the Agro Chemical division performance, we have done 
consistently very well in this and we continue to build upon this by signing contracts, long term 
contact with customer by bringing new molecules. Yet when we see the other things that we're 
trying to do and trying to understand that why we are trying to foray into liquid urea also, when 
we have so much of expansion flying up, how is it logical given that agrochemical has been such a 
strength point for us wherein we are doing a very high intellectual property work with a very good 
margin, profitability, everything and we can grow further in that, yet we are going into something 
like Urea?.  
Ankit Patel:  
OK, so first of all let me discuss regarding the Nano Urea project. So, to answer your question, this 
is not the conventional urea. This is the nano urea. So, to brief you little bit in India per acre, urea 
usage approximately one bag of 45 KG. Now, this nano urea is a patented technology developed 
by IFFCO, so only half a litre bottle is equivalent to 45 KG of bag. So you can say it is just 1% 
volume will be equivalent to giving the same kind or rather better result in the one acre land. And 
the cost point of view to the farmer, it is cheaper to the farmer now this patented technology by 
IFFCO it is so efficient that it gives better result. The volume is less at the same time there is no 
subsidy in the conventional area. The Government pays heavy subsidy. It is a high working capital 
and high subsidized business. Whereas, Nano area does not has a single rupee subsidy. So, we are 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
not talking about the conventional urea or we are not entering into any subsidy based fertilizer. 
We are coming with Nano Urea and later on we'll be adding some other crop nutrition products 
which is helpful to the farmer's i.e., which uses less volume and it is more efficient. At the same 
time, it is making a synergy with our agrochemical division. The customer base, the dealer 
distributor remains the same and there is always a demand for the better product. So it is a right 
moment for us. At the same time, we have signed the agreement with IFFCO. So we are going to 
manufacture under the license of IFFCO patented technology. So it's a proven technology. Our 
Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is also emphasizing heavily on this product. In fact, he is being 
promoting this product even at the G20 conference. The government is paying INR 2,50,000 crore 
worth of subsidy to the fertilizer companies. Now with this new product, the government 
ultimately wants to reduce the subsidy load and it is a very efficient. And we have got the chance 
to enter into this segment with the help of technology under the license agreement.  
Ayush Mittal:  
How much of CapEx will be putting up for this and what will be the working capital requirement 
for INR 1,000 crore turnover.  
Ankit Patel:  
So, the CapEx would be nearly INR 150 crore for this project and working capital requirement on 
the full year of operation basis would be about INR 200 crore.  
Ayush Mittal:  
OK and Sir coming to the titanium dioxide like expansion that we're doing update. We have seen 
that the prices of the end product have fallen and that is where I think many people would be 
having this concern as to what you feel about this product? Currently, given the guidance. Given 
earlier that we aim to do very good market in this segment, but now we are seeing that. This 
product prices are falling. And there's always a question mark as to how will we be competitive 
versus our competitors who have backward integration, who have the access to over and all those 
things. So can you please shed some more light on this?  
Ankit Patel:  
So we understand that the investors are cautious about our foray in titanium dioxide. However, as 
I mentioned in my speech, we have already commissioned the plant on 18th January 2023 and we 
hope to stabilize the new plant in 1.5-2 month’s time.  The prices have dropped for this product 
globally, no doubt about it, but as this is not for only this product, it applies to globally for 
majority of the chemicals because of the global conditions. We hope that once the market 
demand will improve the prices will also improve. And apart from the global conditions, we are 
targeting this product, particularly from the domestic point of view where the majority application 
is into the paint segment. The Paint segment is going at nearly 15% YoY and big corporates like 
Grasim and JK & JSW, are entering into the same business so there is going to be a very good 
demand. As of now, the titanium dioxide is being imported heavily in India. So, under Atmanirbhar 
Bharat, we will be selling mainly into domestic market. And we are very confident that this project 

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
will change the face of the pigment division, and because of the high CapEx and the high entry 
barrier. So we don't see any small player entering into this business.  
Ayush Mittal:  
So, do you believe still given the current prices, we can do 20% operating margins in due course? 
Also as the plant stabilizes we don't have any backward integration into the over and all those 
things right? 
Ankit Patel:  
See when it comes to the ore, it is a sourced naturally. There is no such company who can 
manufacture the ilmenite ore by themselves. The only thing is the mining right, so the mining 
rights are also not with all the companies, either. Ilmenite is being imported or it is available by 
the Indian Rare Earth who is giving the Ilmenite. So it is available either domestically or from the 
imported. We have both the sources from the Indian Rare Earth Organization or from the import. 
So as far as the raw material availability is concerned, or the viability is concerned, we don't have 
any doubt for the time being. Yes, selling prices is low. But the things should go back to the 
normal very soon.  
Ayush Mittal:  
OK and so last question from my side. Given that we are doing so much of expansion and like we 
have been continuously announcing expansion in Agro Chem, pigment and now liquid urea also. 
Yet, if you see there is a very complex borrowing and loans also that we have given which 
investors have questioned earlier and in this quarter we have seen how it has impacted and 
created lot of question mark on the Forex policy. So what are your thoughts on it? And if you are 
trying to do something about it because Meghmani in itself has a very high CapEx requirement. 
The working capital requirement going forward and we have given loans to Meghmani Finechem 
at a low rate while this Euro borrowing and all these are very complex, and it's such at some point 
or the other. So any thoughts?  
Ankit Patel:  
See regarding the financial point of view Mr. Chahal will answer you. But to give you the brief idea 
about our policy and everything. We have a very stable policy when it comes to the finance. We 
never speculate, so we are not in the business of speculation of foreign currency, so this is the 
first quarter when we have seen such a high volatility and this was beyond anyone's control. So in 
the past, also over a period of last 2, 3, 4 years record if you will see you will see our finance cost 
was negligible, very low so sometimes because of the global condition and it happens in this 
fashion also. But this is not a regular thing.  
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
 Good afternoon, actually as far as the foreign currency is concerned, we have more than 80% 
exports. And by way of natural hedge, we have imports, then we have borrowing in foreign 
currency as well as we take forwards whenever required. But in the last quarter, specifically if you 
see, the short term borrowings are in Euro, which has moved from 79 to 88 more than 12% rise in 
one quarter while dollar remain in the 3% to 4%. But overall there is currency gain . We remain 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
naturally hedged up to 60% to 65% as per our policy. That's why you see overall it is a currency 
gain. So on the receivable INR 73 crore of gain is there while MTM loss on borrowings is INR 38 
crore.  
Ayush Mittal:  
So, there is INR 73 crore gain in9M FY23, right?  
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
Yes.  
Ayush Mittal:  
OK, and for this quarter, can you clarify how much of other income? Details break up.  
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
This quarter, the other income is INR 19 crore, while MTM is INR 38 crore. So during the quarter, 
there is INR 18 crore loss on the Foreign currency borrowings. But majority of the MTM is 
unrealized as we have long term borrowing, which are restated at the closing rate on last day of 
the quarter.  
Ayush Mittal:  
But don't you think that these things are something like euro crisis and all these currencies are 
very, like they can hit us much more in coming times or something wrong can happen and we 
should be careful to unwind them and reduce these exposures like we must be having exported 
dollar but this borrowing is in euro.  
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
We are very much cautious about it, but we have to take a trade off while you see in the dollar. 
Dollar also moved from 75 to 82 during the year from March to December while Euro had moved 
only 84 to 88 relatively. But if you see the borrowing cost in dollar today, it is almost 6%, while 
euro it is around 2%-2.5%. So to that extent, even you consider this MTM loss also, the overall 
borrowing cost becomes around 7% to 7.25% taking impact of MTM. While in normal course it is 
2%-2.5%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhagwan Chowdhry from Sunidhi 
securities. Pease go ahead.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
 So, two questions. The first is around the Nano Urea. So do we only have this exclusive patent 
arrangement with IFFCO or it is that later on it can go to the other parties as well?  
Ankit Patel:  
As far as I know, IFFCO has given this technology to some other PSU like RCF and NFL as the 
government would like to reduce the subsidy load. They will be giving it to other public sector 
units also. From the private sector, I don't know about other companies, but we are among the 
one of the first companies who has got this kind of agreement with the IFFCO.  

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
And later on, how will be the pricing of the product is will it be a free market or it will be governed 
by the government? How do you think that down the line?  
Ankit Patel:  
It is purely free market. There is no subsidy linkage to this product, so the government has no 
control on pricing. So anyone can sell at any price for this product.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
And if you can just say something about the current pricing of the urea and what price we would 
be thinking to price it and accordingly the margins in this product.  
Ankit Patel:  
So if I tell you that from the conventional urea point of view, the conventional urea bag costs 
around ₹265 to the farmer. Where on the same bag that is 45 KG bag on the same bag 
government gives the subsidy of close to ₹2,000. So, the farmer gets that product at hardly 10% 
cost, so there is a heavy subsidy cost on government at the same time this Nano Urea bottle 
which is only 500ML bottle that costs around ₹240 to the farmer. So it is even cheaper, 10% 
cheaper than the conventional Urea bag at the same time there is no subsidy on this product, so 
government is banking heavily on this product. There is a huge pressure from the government 
side to convert conventional urea into Nano Urea so that they reduce the subsidy loan. Which is 
INR 2,50,000 crore. It is a very good product as far as the effectiveness at the farm level is 
concerned it gives better result than the conventional area, because conventional urea is hand 
broadcasted and it goes into the soil and gets absorbed by the plant through the root, whereas 
Nano Urea is a foliar spray application where the product is sprayed on the plant. So the plant 
absorbs directly by the leaves, so it gives much better result.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
And on the margin front, what kind of margin would be in this project?  
Ankit Patel:  
So we have just signed the agreement with IFFCO, so I think more clarity will come once we get 
more technicality from them. So probably in the next quarter we will be able to disclose further 
information.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
One last question. When you say that we have commenced this titanium dioxide and we are 
stabilizing. So what are the parameters which would be tracked upon for the stabilization of the 
plant?  
Ankit Patel:  
First of all, the capacity is nearly 50 tons per day. We should be able to run at the full capacity on 
the per day basis, so at least 50 tons output should come. That is one thing. At the same time 
there are other quality parameters. So there are various other technical parameters which will I 
will not be able to disclose at this point, but those quality parameters also we need to achieve it. 
So if we do that, then we will be able to stabilize it. So based on our pigment business experience. 
We feel that we should be able to stabilize the plant in next two month’s time.  

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
And finally, on the financial side, what is the current gross debt that we are having on the books 
and how much of it is into the subsidy? If you can get that bifurcation and how much is in Euro 
currency and how much is from India.  
Ankit Patel:  
As on 31st December, we have around INR 260 crore of short term debt and while INR 430 crore is 
our long term debt. In KCL, we have spent so far INR 275 crore and we have taken debt of around 
INR 100 crore.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
And this Euro and USD?  
Ankit Patel:  
Our borrowing is in Euro as well as in Dollar. Our long term borrowing is majority in Dollar and 
short term remains in Euro. So you can say it is around 60-40 ratio.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
So almost 95% is in foreign currency.  
Ankit Patel:  
MOL is foreign currency almost 90% plus, Kilburn is domestic INR terms.  
Bhagwan Chowdhry: 
INR 100 crore for KCL.  
Ankit Patel:  
Yes. Because that business is a domestic driven business where the revenue is going to come in 
INR. So there, we have taken the debt in INR, whereas in the case of Meghmani Organics Ltd. 
where 80% of the revenue comes from the exports market, there we have taken the foreign 
currency loan.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
Just an extension of the last question can you share about the benefits of taxation that you have 
in KCL?  
Ankit Patel:  
In case of KCL, we have opted for 25% tax rate, while in MOL tax rate is 25% while in the new 
subsidiary this Meghmani Crop Nutrition, we will get the benefit of the lower tax rate of 15%.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
OK, got it. Well, that's one second thing is, in the past the titanium dioxide is known to be slightly 
technical intensive project. Can you give some more color on what are the challenges you have 
faced and how you overcome? And is there any challenge that you foresee in future in the 
technical side on the phase?  

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel:  
So we have just started the plant in the last week, so I think there will be some technical 
challenges for the next one or two month’s time. So let's hope that we stabilize as soon as 
possible.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
The reason I was asking is because this was supposed to be a challenging project in technically, so 
I would just wanted to if you can give some color how you overcome the issues that were there, it 
will be useful to understand what all went into when you were putting the phase one CapEx.  
Ankit Patel:  
So it is not very easy to manufacture. That is why not every company is entering into this business 
and it is high CapEx nature. So, we have taken all the precautions. We have hired the technical 
team which is capable. Who knows the subject. Titanium dioxide, the product very well so we 
have a capable team that is the first thing and Bharat bhai would like to add further to it  
Bharat Mody: 
In a product like Titanium Dioxide, we need to follow the process parameters. It's always a 
challenge to take up a new product and establish it in the market. But then given the strength that 
we have been into the business of a pigment for over three decades with an experience team. A 
lot of ex-employees of Kilburn also have joined us, so we're confident about establishing and 
stabilize within the stipulated time frame. Sometimes when you set these challenges, we need 
some additional time for establishing those things and getting the quality products. Now, this is 
the foremost challenge and we are very much geared upon that part.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
So were you able to manage the quality of product right now you are still awaiting that final 
quality product to be manufactured for the Titanium Dioxide.  
Ankit Patel:  
So we just started the plant in the last week so it is in working is in progress. So far we have not 
got the final product out so we will come to know in the coming days.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Subrata Sarkar from Mount Infra Finance. 
Please go ahead.  
Subrata Sarkar: 
So two questions one specifically on the titanium dioxide side that giving the current existing price 
what is prevailing in the market. So at that price what kind of top line we can expect in our phase 
one? This is one and second in terms of overall pigment segment When  can we return back to like 
stable state ?.  
Ankit Patel:  
So, I think the situation is similar across the globe in the chemical sector. The industry is 
witnessing this phase for the first time. Yes, the prices are down in all the chemicals including 
titanium dioxide. Also with this kind of price, what is prevailing today. On the first phase, it should 
generate nearly INR 300 crore top line which is lower as per our expectation. At the same time the 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
raw material have also reduced. So that is also positive thing, but we believe that in the coming 
days the titanium dioxide price should go up. One of the factors why it should go up because 
there is a huge production in Europe. And as we all know, the cost of running any operation in 
Europe is going to be significantly high. Even today, the plants in Europe are not operating for 
titanium dioxide, so that will give ultimately benefit to the manufacturing companies in India or 
anywhere else in the world. And we believe the demand which has come under pressure currently 
with the global market opening up China opening up demand, should improve. So that will drive a 
positive growth for other players.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhagwat from Prosperity Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Bhagwat: 
Hello Sir, could you please update about the old high cost inventory so that we are having 
whether the same has been cleared in this quarter and what would be the EBITDA margin 
guidance for the upcoming quarters and FY 24 as a whole?  
Ankit Patel: 
 As far as the Agro is concerned, so we have already consumed the high cost inventory which was 
in Q2 FY23 and slightly it will be used in this Q4 FY23. So despite that so we are confident of 
maintaining the EBITDA margin in line with the current 18% to 19% in Agro division. In case of 
pigment division, which we had inventory of high cost and due to contraction in demand, there 
was some softening of the prices finished products also. So which has led to, you can say 
reduction into the EBITDA margin pigment division. We expect in the coming quarter this demand 
should start picking up and then there should be improvement in the EBITDA margins of pigment 
also.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, what should be the blended margin Sir, for overall margin?  
Ankit Patel: 
Overall, EBITDA margin is the 14% which we have achieved, so I think we will remain confident of 
achieving these numbers.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, so currently Sir we did the 11.1% so that is going to improve to 14%.  
Ankit Patel: 
This is one of the quarters actually, where we have got big hit in case of the pigment division, so 
going forward things should improve and we should be able to achieve this 14% EBITDA margin.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, so my second question regarding the tax. So current tax seems like around INR 8 crore which 
is around 31% plus seems high. So what's the reason? Could you please update on that?  

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel: 
On the income tax front, it is in the range of 25% to 26% subject to certain provisions / allowances 
which are allowed and disallowed and deferred tax.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, so overall if you see yearly wise it will be around this. 25% range  
Ankit Patel: 
Yes.  
Bhagwat: 
OK. The next question regarding the fire, what the expected time by when we can expect the 
insurance claim to be received?  
Ankit Patel: 
On the insurance claim, we are expecting to receive it in one quarter. This is already under 
assessment and it should be settled.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, so overall Sir, actually there is no much material impact for this fire.  
Ankit Patel: 
Actually, in this fire case, majority was the inventory. So where you are getting based on the cost 
and there was not much plant and machinery and building, literally very less that's why less 
impact of fire was there.  
Bhagwat: 
OK, so regarding the titanium dioxide. First, the overall capacity utilization and expected top line is 
that INR 300 crore.  
Ankit Patel: 
As we just started as I mentioned the plan, so we feel that it will take few months or two month’s 
time to stabilize it. So the next financial year, April onwards, we should be able to ramp up the 
production quite smoothly and looking at the current pricing, we believe that the first phase 
would generate the mentioned revenue, if the prices improve the top line too will also go up.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ayush Agarwal from MAPL. Value 
investing fund. Please go ahead.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
Two questions on the agrochemical segment. First, we have been hearing some news on some 
disturbances in the agro market in Brazil with respect to the government and the Agro chemical 
lobby. So are we facing any issues there?  
Ankit Patel: 
As far as Meghmani is concerned, we do export to more than 70 countries so it's very much 
fragmented so we are not just dependent on one market, but yes, Brazil is an important market 
from the agro chemical industry point of view. Currently the new government which has come up. 
So it is a democratic country like India, so there has been some issues as well. The new President, 
Mr. Lula is not very well taken by few people, so there are few issues already, but as far as the 
agro chemical or agriculture policy is concerned. Brazil economy is highly dependent on 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
agriculture. They are one of the highest producing countries as far as the Soyabean, Sugarcane 
and other crops are concern. So they cannot disturb the ongoing agriculture related policies or 
agrochemical related policies. If that happens then again there will be some unrest. So no matter 
what it is, they will be spending on the agrochemical market. Whatever it is there it will remain as 
it is. There is no issue.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
The second question is on the inventory levels with our distributors and globally. So has that come 
under check what is the situation right now?  
Ankit Patel: 
The inventory level for the Agro chemicals globally is different from country to country. As Agri 
agrochemical is allied into agriculture. So if some countries are facing some weather related 
challenges then maybe here and there, some plus or minus inventory level. But if we look at the 
global average condition then there is not much channel inventory as of now because what has 
happened there, prices were going down constantly in last one year time. So nobody purchased 
heavily based on their demand, so everyone were cautiously buying the material. And at the same 
time the consumption was going on continuously. So that is not heavy inventory down the line in 
the market, which is a positive thing. So whenever demand will be there definitely or the price will 
slowly gradually going up, there will be a very good demand.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
We can expect to grow 15%-20%. In FY24 in Agro Chem segment. The last question is on the 
titanium dioxide plant, so it was mentioned that we have also installed the captive power plant. Is 
that coal based? Or is it renewable energy?  
Ankit Patel: 
We have not yet installed. We are in the process of installing it along with the second phase of 
capacity expansion. It is that captive power plant  based on the coal.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
Why did we not go for renewable energy?  
Ankit Patel: 
For the renewable energy, the CapEx is very high. At the same time as per the government of 
Gujarat policy, we cannot buy more than 50% of the renewable energy for our captive 
consumption. So here our business is to produce titanium dioxide, and for that we can have at 
Max 50% of as per our demand . We can have the renewable energy, so for all our plants like in 
agrochemical and pigment we already have 50% of our power is already renewable. We have one 
windmill for each of our plant already, so we cannot go beyond the government policy.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from Sky Ridge 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Abhishek Maheshwari:  
Regarding finance cost again I understood the accounting and finance cost INR 50 crore loan and 
euro loan and 10%. So, but what about the INR 73 crore in the other income, I did not understand 
the accounting of that because I see that income is INR 26 crore or something like that. So if you 
could break it down INR 23 crore, right? So if you can break it down the other income and where 
INR 73 crore goes there.  
Gurjant Singh Chahal: 
We are talking about Q3 and 9M FY23, in the other income, INR 19 crore is foreign currency gain 
on the receivable which we have in other income in Q3 FY23. While in finance costs there is a 
MTM of INR 38 crore which is part of finance cost which is on the borrowings due to restating of 
loans at currency rate on the last day of the quarter. While for 9M FY23, the other income of INR 
82 crore, there is a 73 crore of a foreign currency gain on the receivables.  
Abhishek Maheshwari:  
OK, because in the press release I think finance cost note did not say nine months MTM, so I think 
maybe my bad.  
Ankit Patel: 
So, Mr. Chahal has clarified further on this but the rest assured audit everything has been in line 
with what the accounting standards are and our auditors also has approved as per the standards.  
Abhishek Maheshwari:  
No, so I understand that. So I was just asking so INR 73 crore is 9M FY23 and INR 19 crore was Q3 
FY23 and this mark to mark is, there's no cash impact, right?  
Ankit Patel: 
It's purely accounting. It is a notional loss actually.  
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
And thirdly, regarding insurance claim. I mean we had loss of fire. We did not account it in 
exceptional items. I mean can I ask why?  
Ankit Patel: 
No, this is not an exceptional item. Actually, though Quantum is high during this period, but it is 
not exceptional item.  
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
OK, and we have covered around INR 39 crores for insurance and balance INR 4 crore. It's been 
taken in other income only.  
Ankit Patel: 
That is, in the other expense. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Mania Finance. 
Please go ahead.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
My first question was where do we see a next line of growth coming in from? Whether it's 
pigments, agrochemicals, or from titanium dioxide? Where do we see the next? I mean for 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
achieving our targets of sales, where do we see the growth actually coming from in the next one 
year, let's say.  
Ankit Patel: 
So as you know, we have commissioned two big projects in this financial year. One is agro 
chemical multi-purpose plant. So that will give a growth in the next few years next year as well as 
year after that in agro chemical division. At the same time, we have also commissioned in the 
phase one of titanium dioxide plant in the last week. The second phase will be commissioned in by 
the end Q3 FY24 so this will drive the growth in titanium dioxide segment at the same time we are 
also coming up with the Crop Nutrition segment with the Nano Urea. The product will give the 
growth in FY25. Overall, the growth will continue. We will be coming up with the new product and 
capacity expansion for fueling growth in Agro chemical division with Crop nutrition segment as 
well as pigment division with titanium dioxide.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
So we should expect this similar margins, or we should expect better margins than, especially with 
Nano Urea and titanium dioxide.  
Ankit Patel: 
The nano urea margins  guidelines will be shared in one or two quarters later. For the titanium 
dioxide, definitely it is a better margin oriented product compared to the conventional pigment.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, and going ahead, where do you see the prices of pigments as well as the agrochemicals going? 
Do we see any more inventory losses in this quarter and in the year ahead? Or we see better 
prices realizations? 
Ankit Patel: 
 So the globally the market condition is very much difficult. Currently, we hope that the thing 
should go back to the normal by the end of March and things should start improving from April 
onwards. So still one quarter will be little difficult from the pigment point of view particularly. But 
as far as the inventory loss is concerned, we don't see much loss coming because of the prices 
going low and high price inventory.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
And one more question was regarding the fire loss of about INR 40 crores, which we showed. I 
mean why do we show it right now? Only when our claim is rejected then we should be showing 
any loss. I mean, if we get again we get the claim in, let's say a quarter or next quarter. We'll again 
have to put it into your profits, right?  
Ankit Patel: 
No, it is not loss which we have stated we said due to fire. There is a loss of around INR 43 crore 
out of which INR 39 crore has been recognized as a claim receivable and only INR 4 crore as per 
the policy provisions where some deductibles are there. So to that extent of INR 4 crore has been 
accounted for as a loss.  

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, so only INR 4 crores has been accounted as loss. Rest everything will depend upon the 
recognized as a claim receivable as per the policy. OK, that's great. And so basically as what I 
understand is, titanium dioxide will come in the next quarter, then the next phase of titanium 
dioxide will come in December 2023 and the Nano urea would come in somewhere around in FY 
25 this will actually drive our growth.  
Ankit Patel: 
Correct and just to summarize, actually we have completed two major CapEx in this year. Our 
multi-purpose plant and the first phase of titanium dioxide. So next year we will, expecting around 
50% to 60% capacity which will add and in the subsequent year it will be at the normal 80%-85%. 
At the same time, our phase two of titanium will also get commissioned in quarter three of next 
year FY23-24 so that will add going forward.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, So I just want to know, what is the capacity utilization for agro chemicals as well as in 
pigments right now?  
Ankit Patel: 
So for the current plant, if we don't consider the new plant, then in the case of agrochemical 
division, the utilization is about more than 75%, nearly 80%. In the case of pigment, it is little low, 
about 55% to 60%. And because we have added the new capacity in the agrochemical division. So 
which will take some time to again reach at 80%.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, so that is what I wanted to ask that how much now this capacity, which will nearly capacity 
which we have added? How much capacity increase will be there in percentage terms? How much 
is the facility? Like agrochemicals, whatever the capacity right now we are having and then new 
capacity addition. Our total capacity will increase by how much?  
Ankit Patel: 
See because the product basket is completely different, the kind of the product we are coming up 
with are high value products. So just from the volume point of view, if we consider then we 
cannot match it. So the volume here is completely different. These are low volume, high value 
products.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
So we should consider the margins. So how much margins uptick we should we see in going ahead 
agro chemical because of the new addition of these high value products.  
Ankit Patel: 
So agro chemical per say as an industry as we know that it always ranges in the range of 16% to 
18% as an industry we always try to be above the industry average and even for with the new 
products. Also, we'll try to maintain above the industry average.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, so since this quarter was, I mean just wanted to know your views. This quarter is a one off. Or 
do we see more pain coming in the next few quarters if you can just guide us.  

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel: 
If I tell you that last five years. From FY18 to FY22, as a company we have been growing in terms 
of revenue by nearly 20%, so there is always a 20% CAGR grow same way from the EBITDA point 
of view also, we have been growing at more than 20%, nearly 22% to 23% and in the profit after 
tax we have been growing at 40%. So this has been a five years CAGR growth. So we have been 
consistently growing, so this is one of its quarter, you cannot have the growth continuously. There 
will be some ups and down in the business, so we feel this is one off  quarter where otherwise 
overall, as a business point of view, we are very bullish and we hope that coming years and few 
quarters will be much better.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
Absolutely, I've seen the growth because I've been with you as an investor for more than five 
years now, and I've seen the phenomenal growth. Just wanted to understand that we're going 
ahead. Do we see the similar kind of growth? That's my last question.  
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely, we are very bullish on the company. We have been doing CapEx. We are coming with 
the different projects and you will see the growth. What we have done in the past. We'll be doing 
similar kind of growth in coming years.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
Just if I can squeeze in one more question, do what do we see a debt remaining as in? Do we 
going ahead because we have so many expansion plans coming in?  
Ankit Patel: 
So we have always been saying that we maintain the debt to equity level at the reasonable level 
nearly in the range of 0.5 and we have been maintaining in this level.  
Dipesh Sancheti:  
OK, so going ahead our cash flows also will take care that our debt equity will remain at the same 
place.  
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah it will improve because as we stated, so two major CapEx already completed and we will 
have enough cash generation. From internal accrual we will be doing that also and we will 
maintaining debt equity as per our guidance. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Chintan Mehta from Prudent Corporate. 
Please go ahead.  
Chintan Mehta: 
 How do you see the product demand, particularly in the US and Europe?  
Ankit Patel: 
There has been some pressure as far as the demand is concerned globally, so no doubt about it. 
But we see that there is not much channel inventory, so as I mentioned, whenever there is any 
customer when they see the prices are going down, they always buy slowly and they want to have 
the much better price on every purchase. So it has been going on in this line. But the heavy 

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Channel inventory is not there, so we see that the movement there will be some demand 
improvement. The prices will improve, demand will be there, so it will be overall will be much 
better.  
Chintan Mehta: 
OK, and Sir, if. You can throw some light on the current price or last price of cypermethrin and 
2,4D product prices and the same on raw material in front.  
Ankit Patel: 
So as I mentioned, the 2,4D price is in the range of nearly ₹225 when it comes to the 
Cypermethrin, the prices is in the range of somewhere about ₹600 to ₹650.  
Chintan Mehta: 
OK, and three months ago it price was.  
Ankit Patel: 
From the 2,4D point of view, the prices is more or less in this line. In last three months when it 
comes to the Cypermethrin, yes there has been some pressure there. There is some reduction. 
From ₹650 to ₹700, it has come to ₹600 to ₹650. There has been reduction by ₹50.  
Chintan Mehta:  
OK on same side, raw material prices is also followed.  
Ankit Patel: 
That's correct.  
Chintan Mehta:  
OK, and Sir, what are your plans to prepay the debt?  
Ankit Patel: 
For debt there is an annual repayment of around INR 98 crore next year and then INR 120 crore 
we will be repaying as per the schedule from the pre-payment point of view normally the banks 
they don't like it if you prepay the loan in advance because they also need to manage their 
finance, so there is always a prepayment penalty. So, we have been growing and there will be 
every year nearly INR 100 crore repayment will be there.  
Chintan Mehta:  
OK answer on my last question. From my side, working capital days and inventory will remain 
elevated to here or we have a plan to improve this.  
Ankit Patel: 
Working capital remains in the range of 90 to 100 days so it will continue in the same range.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Guneet Singh from CCIPL. Please go 
ahead.  
Guneet Singh:  
So we commissioned two of our plans recently so I just have a small question regarding how much 
top line should these plants add in the next year, FY24? And when can we expect these both of 
them to be operational in full swing? Like by what quarter?  

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel: 
From the Agro chemical point of view, the first plant we have mentioned on the full year of 
operation basis it should generate revenue of nearly INR 650 crore. So we feel that in the next 
financial year the plant should generate about INR 300 to 350 crore kind of revenue from the new 
plant. In the case of titanium dioxide again. The full year of operation for the first phase would be 
the next year, where we feel that we should be able to generate nearly INR 200 crore plus kind of 
a revenue. And it will further improve year after that, in both the cases. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, do you have the next question from the line of Karthik Srinivasan from DM 
Consultants? Please go ahead. 
Karthik Srinivasan:  
So my question is when can we get the money back from the MFL? We have so much CapEx lined 
up with the rationale that our ROCE is approximately in the range of 15% to 20% and above 15% 
to say and we are getting only 8% interest from NFL. So what is the rationale in holding back the 
money from MFL?  
Ankit Patel: 
So you must be knowing that earlier it was a 20 years repayment. Now the management has got 
the approval from the board to reduce it and repay it within five years. The repayment has already 
started in the last quarter. And we hope to finish it much before the five years. So five years is on 
paper, so we will be finishing off much before that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of ShriKrishna Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
ShriKrishna Agarwal:  
My question is about this Nano urea agreement which we had entered right now. So do we 
require to pay any royalty to IFFCO?  
Ankit Patel: 
It's a confidential matter. As per the agreement so we will not be able to disclose.  
ShriKrishna Agarwal:  
OK, and my second question is will need further capacity expansion possible in this project we 
have the land for that.  
Ankit Patel: 
We have a land bank available, no doubt about it. So as per the agreement, this is the first phase, 
and then if we get if we are growing further then we can expand further, we have a land bank 
available.  
ShriKrishna Agarwal:  
OK, and my another question is regarding this titanium oxide. Do we have any plan to produce 
rutile grade titanium dioxide?  

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Ankit Patel: 
Definitely, we are going to ultimately produce rutile grade only. So as per our plan, first phase is. 
Going to be the Anatase and after one year the full capacity will be converted into rutile because 
we are doing the Capex for the Rutile grade in the second phase.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel from Meghmani Organics Limited for closing 
comments, over to you Sir.  
Ankit Patel: 
So thank you everyone for joining us today to understand more on Meghmani Organics 
performance business and growth going forward. We assure each one of you that the Company 
will perform in the best of the interest of our stakeholders and will maintain integrity in all our 
endeavors. Thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Meghmani Organics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
  
 
