Ref: SEC/SE/2023-24
Date: May 9, 2023
To,
Corporate Relation Department
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
^^.
^^»^.
'y<'#»
^^
^£-^^
^^
/
(» yc-
!<
^
(
•Kfc
5r<*
fur
India Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051
BSE Scrip Code: 500096
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited -
Q4 FY 2022-23 Financial Results
DearSir/Madam,
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Investors'
Conference Call organized on May 4, 2023, post declaration of Financial Results for the
quarter and year ended March 31, 2023. The said transcript is also available on the website
of the Company at www.dabur.com.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
EVP (fthance) and Company Secretary
End:as above
A-
DABUR INDIA UMfTED, Punjabi Bhawan. 10, Rouse Avenue. New Delhl-110 002. Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax: +91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3, AsafAII Road. New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908. Email: corpcomm@dabur.com, Webslte: www.dabur.com
ASHOK 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by ASHOK KUMAR JAIN 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110092, st=DELHI, street=EAST 
DELHI, l=EAST DELHI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=ecb3e1fdc2a028c70333c2d10a7e968110c
5d0645b352ed6dfd1bc6aad8147b3, 
pseudonym=459e115d99c240908ca599222de2db9e, 
2.5.4.20=08443b3bbbcf5f80cd46cc26add8b8bdd652ffd2
0caa6b7340b03564e4b39dfa, 
email=ASHOK.JAIN@DABUR.COM, cn=ASHOK KUMAR 
JAIN 
Date: 2023.05.09 12:17:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited Q4 & FY23 Results Investor 
Conference Call” 
 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ASHOK JAIN – EVP( FINANCE) AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA –VP (CORPORATE AFFAIRS) 
MR. N. KRISHNAN – DGM (FINANCE) 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management of Dabur India Limited, I 
welcome you to this conference call pertaining to the Results for the Quarter and Full Year 
Ended 31st March 2023. 
Present here with me are Mr. Mohit Malhotra – Chief Executive Officer, Dabur India Limited; 
Mr. Ankush Jain – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Ashok Jain – EVP (Finance) and Company 
Secretary; and Mr. N. Krishnan – DGM (Finance). 
We will start with an overview of the company's performance by Mr. Mohit Malhotra, followed 
by a Q&A. I now hand over to you, Mohit. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
the Results Call of Q4 and FY23. 
FY23 saw geopolitical issues disrupting the global supply chain, which led to a steep rise in 
commodity prices. As a result, inflation across the world went up to unprecedented levels. While 
it had started to wane during the end of the year, pockets of stress remained. To tame this 
inflation, central banks across the world have raised interest rates, which has led to a demand 
slowdown and currency headwinds in our key markets, especially. 
India has not been very different. With WPI in double digits for the majority of the year, CPI is 
still hovering around the upper range of MPC comfort levels. The operating environment 
remained challenging during the quarter. As per syndicated data, for the first 9 months of the 
year, there has been a volume decline across the FMCG sector. We have seen some positive 
growth emerging in the later part of Q4. This positive volume growth was mainly driven by the 
food basket. HPC and OTC categories continue to report volume declines. Rural markets have 
continued to lag urban on account of high inflation and downtrading by consumers. Having said 
that, the silver lining for the year has been the performance of the new age channels and some 
green shoots which are emerging in the rural markets towards the end of the quarter, indicating 
early signs of revival in demand.  
In this context, Dabur's consolidated revenue for the year crossed Rs. 11,000 mark to close the 
year at Rs. 11,530 crores and registered constant currency growth of 8.2%. India business grew 
by 6.2% and international business registered a growth of 11.1% in constant currency. The 3-
year CAGR for India business is 11.2%, with near double-digit CAGRs in healthcare and HPC 
and strong double-digit growth in F&B business. Our consolidated gross margins contracted by 
258 bps in consolidated business as we faced material inflation to the tune of 12.6%. The good 
news is that margin contraction is sequentially reducing with moderation in inflation.  

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
During Q4, the company recorded consolidated revenue growth of 8.6% in constant currency 
and 6.4% in INR. While India business reported a growth of 4.7%, secondary sales grew around 
10%.  
In terms of categories, the food and beverage business recorded a stellar growth of around 30%, 
both during the year and the quarter. The beverage business continued to be on a strong trajectory 
on back of strong execution and our initiatives towards expanding the total addressable market. 
We outperformed the industry significantly, and our market share in J&N segment have 
increased during the year. The food drinks portfolio under the Real Koolerz crossed Rs. 200 
crores mark during the year. The Foods business also performed very well with a growth of 34%. 
This has been further bolstered by the Badshah acquisition, which was consolidated for the first 
time in Q4. Including Badshah, F&B business recorded a growth of 34% for the year.  
HPC portfolio recorded a 5.1% growth during the year despite category declines. Our toothpaste 
portfolio recorded a growth of around 5%, leading to a double-digit 3-year CAGR. Dabur Red 
continued to gain market share in the category. We are the #2 player in the Oral Care segment 
with every second household in the country being a Dabur Oral Care household. Hair Oils’ 
market share witnessed an increase of 130 basis points to touch the highest ever market share 
that we've ever witnessed in hair oils of 17%. Shampoo recorded an 8% growth with a 3-year 
CAGR of 15%, and we saw our market shares inch up in shampoos by 30 bps. During the quarter, 
secondary sales of HPC saw a growth of 7%, but the primary sales were impacted on account of 
unseasonal rains and a bit of down stocking.  
While for the year, healthcare portfolio recorded a 7% decline, the 3-year CAGR is strong 9% 
after lapping over the high basis of the COVID year. We saw market shares across health 
supplement portfolios also grow. The digestive category saw a growth of 10.4% on the back of 
robust performance of our Hajmola and Pudin Hara franchises. OTC portfolio recorded a double-
digit 3-year CAGR with a strong performance in Honitus brand. Growth of healthcare in quarter 
4 was flattish on account of high basis due to Omicron variant in the base quarter.  
Among the channels, e-commerce was a standout performer with a 30% growth and contributes 
around 9% of our revenue. Modern trade saw double-digit growth during the year. We also saw 
market-leading expansion in our distribution during the year with our direct reach now going up 
to 1.4 million outlets. Village coverage was further increased to 1 lakh villages. Efficiency of 
distribution, as indicated by the Edge score, also improved by around 20%. 
International business recorded a constant currency growth of 11% in FY23. While Turkey and 
Egypt recorded exceptional constant currency growth, INR growths were impacted due to 
currency devaluations in these countries. Sub Saharan Africa and Nepal business clocked strong 
growths. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
For the quarter, while overall inflation reduced, there is an increase in input cost of F&B basket 
leading to gross margin contraction of 163 bps in consolidated business and 74 bps in stand-
alone business. Sequentially, our gross margin contraction has been reducing. Operating profit 
declined by 9.6% during the quarter due to resumption of media spends in the quarter, which 
saw a 16% growth in India. Reported PAT for the quarter touched Rs. 301 crores, recording a 
2.2% growth. This includes amortization related to Badshah acquisition. 
During the year, despite facing challenges such as inflation, demand slowdown in categories and 
currency headwinds, we have aggressively pursued our business growth and have successfully 
increased our market share across the portfolio. As a matter of fact, secondary growth in the 
quarter was in double digits. Also, our gross margin contraction is reducing. Inflation is abating 
and we are seeing positive volume growth in rural markets. Healthcare has already lapped over 
the basis of COVID and should see strong growth going forward. 
With this, I bring my address to a close and open the Q&A. Thank you. 
Mihir Shah from Nomura 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, first question is on juices. From next quarter onwards, we are likely to cycle to the high base. 
And will Dabur's entry into the drinks category help tide over this high base? Or just like what 
we had seen in health supplements, there can be a sharp optical decline in growth numbers in 
juices from first quarter onwards? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Mihir, good question. So, while we are cycling the high basis of food and beverage going 
forward, and majority of the business comes in Tetra Pak, which is sitting on a high base, a slight 
amount of moderation in the Foods growth cannot be ruled out. So, there will be moderation in 
the growth. We will not see a growth of around 30%, because 90% of the portfolio is around Rs. 
1,700 crores for us and only Rs. 200 crores is happening, plus there is a seasonality impact also, 
which will be there. So, I think overall, our Foods growth should moderate, and I would say that 
it would be a high single-digit to a double-digit kind of Foods growth, but not a very high double 
digit of around 30%. 
And we are also very careful on the Foods. So, this, in a way, has got a silver lining to it, because 
food is a low gross margin business. If it balances across the other portfolios, our gross margin 
also inches up. Plus, there is also a factor of seasonality. There are untimely rains happening 
now, which we saw in the fourth quarter and also, we are seeing in the first quarter going 
forward. So, a little moderation in the Foods growth is definitely on the cards that we see. 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, secondly, on Hair Oils, while you mentioned that you have increased market share to an all-
time high, it seems that versus peers, what we saw in the other commentary from peer companies, 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
the Hair Oil growth has seen some kind of a pickup. So, can that be a case for a delayed 
improvement for Dabur's brands in Hair Oils? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, as far as the syndicated data is concerned, I can't comment on the results of the peer 
companies like Bajaj and all, but definitely, we'll tell you about the syndicated data. Syndicated 
data shows still a decline. While the decline is stemming and it's becoming almost flat, we see a 
decline of around 3% in the Hair Oil category, actually 2.3% in the Hair Oil category, whereas 
our business has increased by around 2% in the Hair Oils, thereby gaining market share of around 
130 basis points as I talked about. And this is pretty secular across all the subsegments of Hair 
Oils for us. So, even in perfumed hair oils, we've gained market share, and our strategy of 
supporting our core brand with the flanker brands is working very well. 
Our Sarson Amla registered a very, very high double-digit growth. Our Brahmi Amla registered 
a growth. Our Dabur Amla related products also registered a growth. Our coconut oil, which is 
Anmol, has also registered high growth, and we've increased our market share. We are also 
improving our presence in other subsegments, which hitherto we were not present, like cooling 
oil also, in the current season. So, I think overall, I'm pretty positive about the Hair Oil category. 
While the category growth is not there, Dabur has huge headroom to grow because we are only 
around 17% of the overall market. The rest of the market is open for grabs. Our Dabur Almond 
Hair Oil is also doing very well, and we feel it's got a lot of legs in modern trade and e-commerce, 
and that's where we're building the business. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Understood, sir. Sir, next on Health Supplements. I actually missed the point that you 
made. I believe you mentioned some strong growth in Health Supplements, likely because now 
the high base phase is over. Can you just allude to what you were indicating, please? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, there are different parts of our Healthcare. I think you're referring to Healthcare for us. 
In the Healthcare segment, there are three subsegments that we have. First is the Health 
Supplement. Health Supplement was cycling a high base. So, I think we've already entered a 
phase where the last of the high bases of the Omicron quarter, which is now over and out. Like 
in the last quarter, we had a Rs. 90 crores base of Chyawanprash and we registered a business 
of roughly around Rs. 60 crores. There was Rs. 30 crores fall in Chyawanprash that we saw in 
the last quarter. But now it's all behind us. 
And on honey, already registered a growth of around 6% in the last quarter, but Chyawanprash 
declined by around 35% in the last quarter. That's impacted our margins also. Going forward, I 
think that being behind us, we will see good growth in the Health Supplement part, which is 
glucose, we are already seeing. And honey, we are already seeing some green shoots. And also, 
in case of Chyawanprash, the growth has begun, which is also high margin for us. That's one 
part of the Healthcare portfolio. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
The second part of the healthcare portfolio is the OTC business. OTC business on back of brands 
like Hajmola, Pudin Hara, Lal Tail is already seeing a good growth. Again, COVID bases are 
now over, and we should see a high growth there. And third is the Ethical and the generic 
business for us, which is around Rs. 400-odd crores. That also should see a high growth. What 
we've done in the healthcare business is that we've inducted, and we've restructured the whole 
company, and we have got ex-CEO of Himalaya join us, Mr. Philipe Haydon. 
I think I alluded to this before in my previous call also. He has come in and he has announced 
some sort of restructuring in our Healthcare business, in which we've created a new vertical. It's 
called Dabur Therapeutics Limited, it's therapeutics as a division. Now this division is manned 
by around 440 people that we've got. So, Fem Pharma business, which we inherited on back of 
the Fem acquisition, has been integrated with our branded Ethical business and 440 people will 
be doing advocacy to allopathic doctors. 
Unlike hitherto we were only going to ayurvedic doctors, now we are going to allopathic doctors. 
There are almost like around 15 to 16 lakh allopathic doctors. So, in the key metros, we'll be 
reaching out to those doctors doing advocacy and they have been given a target of roughly 
around Rs. 200 crores. And Baby Care will be one of the frontrunner portfolios which we would 
sell through this team. And we've taken a target of roughly around Rs. 20 crores to going up to 
around Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 50 crores next year, driven by this advocacy where we'll be reaching 
out to gynecologists, pediatricians, etc., So, those plans are being made and also being executed 
as we speak. 
So, I will expect good growth in the OTC and the branded Ethical portfolio on back of this. And 
then the third part is the Ethical business, which is already navigated the COVID basis, and we 
should see good growth in the Ethical business also, which is selling generic products through 
vaidyas, which is business as usual for us. So, that's a flavor on healthcare portfolio for you. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Sir, my last question is on other expenses. It seems that there's some kind of a one-off in 
the other expenses sequentially jumped quite a bit. Is there any cost of Badshah sitting there? Or 
is there any bunch up of cost that will likely discontinue in the coming quarters? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, these are one-off expenses of roughly around Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores, which is 
actually sitting in with that other expenses, which is seemingly very high, growth of around 20%. 
Now what's happened in the business is, our business in terms of case sales has grown by around 
11% in the quarter. And for the full year, it's grown about 14%. So, 60% are the variable expenses 
here. Those variable expenses have grown in line with my case sale growth, which is around 
11%. So, that 11% is explained, and variable expenses include freight, travel, processing fee, 
warehousing charges, et cetera. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
Travel, which was not there due to Omicron last year, has also come in now. Processing charges 
with third parties have gone up, warehouses charges have gone up. Freight has gone up because 
the tonnage of the food that we sold in this quarter was very high on account of the season being 
there. That is one, which is intrinsic, which is not one-off. The other one-off in the range of 
around Rs. 20 crores, which is a Forex adverse impact, which we saw coming in from Sri Lanka. 
Last year, when the Sri Lanka currency got hammered, we had booked some gain there, which 
is a loss coming in the current year. Then there was a phasing of CSR expenses, which happened 
roughly to a tune of around Rs. 10 crores here. There's some distribution restructuring that we 
have done in International business in MENA markets. There are some costs, which are sitting 
in that bucket and similar expenses like that. So, I think that's what should not get repeated. 
That's the other expense for us. There is no Badshah related expense here. 
Chirag Shah from CLSA 
Chirag Shah: 
Mohit, I think you did a good job explaining Mr. Philipe Haydon's role in the Healthcare 
business. If you can just elaborate a little bit further as to how do you see that part of the business 
growing over the next 2 to 3 years? And on Badshah, I understand that the national rollout would 
be a gradual play. Are we also seeing margin pressures over there? And are there plans to get 
into adjacencies through that brand? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, Chirag, first of all, Healthcare business. So, Philipe has just come in. It's already been 
around 2, 3 months since he has been there. But I must tell you that we are very happy with his 
joining the company. I think there's been a hockey stick kind of a growth which has come in 
action that we are seeing in the Healthcare space. We've created a vertical in a short span of time. 
And 450 people have already come in, and it's not additional recruitment, it is relocating 
resources from different places in the company. 
So, we divide Healthcare into three parts now. One is the Ethical part; one is the Health 
Supplement part and the OTC part. There will be a part of the portfolio which will be promoted 
through advertising, which is our power brand structure, and there is a part that will be promoted 
through ayurvedic advocacy, and a part will be promoted through allopathic advocacy. And the 
portfolio will also increase there, which will be more relevant to allopathic, which will be more 
margin accretive. 
Like I told you, Baby is the space that we are initially going with. So, slowly and gradually, I 
think we want to provide impetus to our Healthcare portfolio and grow there, and that could not 
happen just on back of advertising. So, I think doctor support was the most critical, which we 
guys were missing out on. I think with his coming in, I think that will really help us bolster that 
support. How to market to a doctor, what a pharmaceutical company does, all those missing 
pieces which were there, they are being plugged as a gap in the organization with his coming in. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
And a lot of new recruitments have also happened, which are from the healthcare space or 
pharma space that we are plugging in our business. So, there are 3 business verticals now. One 
is the Health Supplement, headed by a person under Philipe. There's a person who's heading 
OTC. There's a person who is heading our Ethical business. And the fourth person has been 
added who will be heading our Therapeutics division. 
Chirag Shah: 
That's great. And just on the Badshah part. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, the second part is the Badshah part. In Badshah part, we are still focusing on Gujarat, 
Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh as being the key market, and we will focus there. We don't 
want to put pressure on Badshah to extend to all India at the moment until and unless we start 
the national advertising there and create some sort of pent-up demand before we start distribution 
there. We don't want the stocks to get stuck anywhere. 
So, the second part of your question was about inflation. Yes, inflation in the Foods basket has 
gone up. Spices inflation is in the range of around 20%. So, there is a pressure on the gross 
margins definitely in Badshah, but we've done some rationalization in terms of marketing and 
sales. Margins and price increases that we have taken, pack price architecture, grammage 
reductions, etc., All those things are happening as we speak. We've got a different structure for 
Badshah. One of our key people, who was heading our Turkey business earlier and international 
business, Mr. Rehan, he is now the profit center head for Badshah, sitting out of Bombay and 
running the business. 
So, we are continuously monitoring the situation, and we are very hopeful about Badshah 
registering a 20% growth going forward next year. And Badshah is one element of our Foods 
business, which is what we acquired. So, that is the 20% growth we're talking about. Our existing 
Organic Food business is also trending at around Rs. 120-odd crores. Badshah is another Rs. 
250-odd crores. So, we're talking about Rs. 400 crores. Next year, we are targeting ourselves to 
reach a Rs. 500 crores level, which in the next 5 years should become Rs. 1,000 crores for us as 
a Foods business, I'm not talking about beverage Business. 
Beverage business is separate. In beverage, we said drinks, which is Rs. 200 crores will become 
Rs. 500 crores for the next 5 years, and our J&N business is separate. So, we feel that our Foods 
business has got a lot of legs with the equity of Real and Badshah and Hommade, three 
businesses here. And we are providing a lot of thrust on the Food and Beverage portfolio. And 
with this Food and Beverage portfolio, I think, which is in the range of roughly around Rs. 1,700 
crores, should easily, in next 5 to 6 years' time, it should double in 5 years. I think 18%, 19% 
growth has gone nowhere. So, we are looking at around Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores in 
the next 5 years' time for our Food and Beverage vertical, which today is 1,700 crores for us. 
Chirag Shah: 
You were also looking at a separate distribution network for drinks you said last time, right? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, it is not just drinks. We are looking at a separate network for our Beverage business. So, 
what's happening is that when we were restricted to J&N market only in the metros and the two-
way towns, we had separate distribution network. One network which catered to the chemist 
outlet and healthcare, one network which catered to the grocery, which is HPC, and the third 
network which caters to E&D outlets which is eating and drinking outlets. So, that team has got 
bolstered as the Foods business is increasing and drinks business is also increasing. So, that is 
happening as we speak in Dabur. But in Badshah, which is a separate distribution network for 
spices, that's a separate business altogether. I hope I answered your question. 
Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities 
Manoj Menon: 
Just continuing with the template which my friend Mihir had on few categories, I also have 
questions at the category level. Mohit, the first piece on Toothpaste. The tailwind of Natural and 
plus, let's say, South India penetration or distribution, maybe few other factors were, let's say, 
long-term drivers for growth in Toothpaste for you, let's say, in the last 5 to 10 years. How do 
we think into the medium term that Toothpaste growth for you, specifically, given that the 
natural salience in my understanding is somewhere in the 30s? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Manoj, Natural, as I understand, you want a flavor on the Oral Care business as far as we are 
concerned. So, I think we are in a very good space as far as Oral Care is concerned. So, Oral 
Care Natural segment, like you're saying, is 30%, and the growth has stemmed in value terms in 
the Natural segment, which is essentially because Sensitive has caught up in Oral Care. If you 
do a fine segmenting and analyze the whole thing, the Sensitive segment on back of Sensodyne 
is the one which is growing, and there’s a lot of action happening in the Sensitive segment. 
But as far as Natural is concerned, I think the volume growth there continues to take business 
from the regular white. And I think the value-added Natural segment will continue to grow. We 
have our representation in that segment, which is our general Dabur Red. Dabur Red is doing 
exceedingly well for us. But before I came to Dabur Red and specific brands, I think now 
Dabur’s penetration in Oral Care segment has gone up from 45% to 50%. So, every second 
household in India is a Dabur Oral Care household, like I talked about. So, it’s already. So, our 
penetration is every second person has got a toothpaste brand from Dabur in his home. So, that 
is the kind of traction that we’ve gained over the past 5, 6 years and 5% increase in penetration 
over the past 2, 3 years is absolutely a humongous effort which the team has made and done 
pretty well. So, that is as far as Oral Care is concerned for us, and we think we’ll continue to 
take a share from the market leader on the Oral Care space. 
Now coming to Dabur Red, which is our flagship brand. It continues to do well for us, and we 
are looking at extensions of Dabur Red. We will continue to support Dabur Red with media, 
which is our core brand. That's why we've taken Amitabh Bachchan and the creatives are really 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
working for us, and we've seen penetrations of the brand and market shares of the brand actually 
inch up on back of that communication. The second is Dabur Herbal Toothpaste, which has got 
very strong traction in South of India. It's doing well. The growth is around 23% for that brand. 
Meswak is doing well for us. And Babool, because of rural distress, Babool has pulled us down 
and our market share has declined in our Babool Toothpaste. So, we've got some work to be 
done there. Even our LDM declined on the back of rural stress. So, I think there's some work to 
be done there. 
So, that said, I think overall, Oral Care, we are in a very good space. And in terms of margins 
also, our margins have gone up. Because inflation happened, we've been able to take the price 
increases and completely hedge the inflation with pricing. If you look at the growth in our gross 
margins, our gross margins have inched up in Oral Care and pretty profitably so. So, I think 
overall in a good space. I don't know if you want any other flavors, and I can provide you with 
that. We already had 7% secondary growth in Q4 in our Oral Care, and our market shares have 
improved.  
Manoj Menon: 
Fair enough. I will take it offline because I've got a few follow-ups actually on Toothpaste, in 
the interest of time. Sir, I also had a follow-up on the juices business. In your presentation, thanks 
for the disclosure that the new launch Koolerz sees Rs. 200 crores exit run rate. And I also heard 
you had a medium-term target of Rs. 500 crores. But I was actually wondering, is it low balling 
or can this be much, much higher, because given your, let's say, distribution strength, given your 
expertise in the Beverages segment over the last 20-plus years. And also, the question on, let's 
say, Mihir's was on, let's say, high base, etc., But given your opportunity for simple placements, 
and that also you are actually expanding or extending the Real brand only, right? It's just an 
extension, why should there be a high base issue so early? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, 1 thing, we are not talking about drinks as exit. This is actually the total business that we 
generated for the whole year is Rs. 200 crores. It's not exit. Exit will be even higher. So, I think 
Rs. 300 crores should be the exit that we are talking about. And therefore, distribution, that's 
why we are carving out a separate distribution network for juices and nectars and drinks all 
together, because the same outlet actually sells that. And we are also intending to get into the 
fizz market, which is even a larger addressable market, again, and with the Real brand. So, which 
is, in a sense, consolidating the core brand of Real is what we are looking at. And this business 
will scale up for us. 
So, there are no holds barred as to the growth in drinks, juices and nectars for us. Our gross 
margins were also increasing till the last quarter, but we've seen now inflation inching up of 
around 12% in Foods. So, there's a little pressure, and we are watching and doing some cost 
optimization if we can do that. But there are no holds barred on the juices segment for us, yes. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
So, as far as the season is concerned, now there are rains which have come in. And if you look 
at the drinks portfolio, Manoj, this is basically out-of-home consumption. And whenever rains 
happen, out-of-home consumption gets impacted, and it is not Real drinks which will get 
impacted, it will be all across. Other players will also get big time impacted, because I think the 
entire drink market, which is available in bottle, will get impacted, which is out-of-home 
consumption due to rains happening. So, that is what I was alluding to, not that we've just seen 
one month as yet, but our intent is to take up the business to Rs. 500 crores in the next 2 to 3 
years if you ask me. 
Manoj Menon: 
And just one last one on this, if I may. What proportion of, let's say, your direct GP distribution, 
in which, let's say, you'll be able to sell the beverage products? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, our direct distribution is invariably around 15%, 20% to our overall distribution. Like we 
reach out to around 1.4 million outlets, and totally, we go to around 7.7 million outlets. So, it 
will be in the same proportion that direct will be there because a similar stockist will be selling 
that. But that said, the more the direct, the better it is because you are able to sell the entire 
breadth of the portfolio in those outlets. 
Manoj Menon: 
No, Mohit, sorry, I didn't explain appropriately from my side. So, what I'm trying to understand 
is out of the 1.4 million direct overall reach which you have, what proportion of this, let's say, 
realistically you can actually place Real Koolerz? Or any of these newer products which you are 
looking to launch in Beverages? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, if you ask me, around 80% of that we'll be able to place. But we've kept a separate 
distribution network, Manoj, from our Healthcare and from our grocery distribution. This is 
E&D, and this is a second or third person who's going and selling this to those outlets. So, we 
already have an equation to that outlet, but a new person will go and sell this, because the credit 
extension has to be separate, payment collection has to be separate. Separate investment by the 
stockist has to go there. And the agents have to be typically selling or they should have a DNA 
of selling drinks, which is a much higher turnaround time. So, it's a separate network. But that 
said, I think 80% of our direct network can sell, because rural is common and every grocery will 
carry a drink except for the chemist outlet, which is roughly around 100,000 only. 
Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have got 3 questions. The larger question is on HPC. And Mohit, you've brought in lot of 
complexity into the business. There are separate teams for different verticals. The healthcare 
team is separate, your HPC team is separate, and there is a separate distribution which you are 
trying. How we should think on a base of FY23 where the growth in HPC was muted. And I'm 
sure you have taken a lot of initiatives. So, the question here is how we should think of FY24 
growth? The distribution piece is already stitched. You have been guiding that rural expansion 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
is happening and you're already touching now almost 1 lakh villages. So, is the growth going to 
be more of the distribution? Or at the back end, the rural recovery is also going to be an important 
factor in FY24? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Shirish, cutting to chase on your question, I think the total -- why the business could not 
perform so well for HPC, while I will not say it's not performed, our CAGR of HPC for past 3 
years, that if you see, has been near 10% CAGR of HPC business, which is a very good growth 
that you see over the past 3 years. In the current year, we've seen our business also grow by 
around 5%, while the HPC categories, if you consolidate the categories where we exist in, which 
is Hair Oils, which was minus 3%; Toothpaste, which was minus 5%; Home Care, which was 
the only category which is growing for us; and Skin Care also reeling under COVID. 
So, these are the 4 different subsegments that we have in our HPC business, all were down. So, 
there was a negative (-4%) as compared we have grown by 5%, which is gaining market share 
across our brands. So, I will not say that the business is under pressure, or the distribution 
network is under pressure, or there is too much complexity. I think there is more efficiency and 
effectiveness to be added through analytics and data. I think that is the issue which is lacking in 
the company and which we are building with a very strong hold. This is the history of HPC. 
Going forward, granularly if I have to tell you, HPC, I told you 17% market share in Hair Oils 
is huge. But if the Hair Oils category is declining by 3%, if I'm growing by plus 3%, I'm actually 
gaining that market share there. So, that was a problem. And I'm getting into all the gaps in the 
Hair Oils segment also. In shampoo, our bottle saliency is picking up. Our shampoo market share 
is around 7%. I remember when I joined the company around 4, 5 years back, our market share 
was in the range of around 3%, 4%. Now it has gone up to around 7%, which we've never seen. 
Our bottle saliency is picking up. Modern trade Vatika has become very salient, and the bottle 
saliency is going up and there the gross margins are also very high. 
Yes, for last 1 year, we've seen huge inflation. And because in sachet, we are present in a 6 mL, 
7 mL sachet, there was no scope of taking a price increase at the Rs. 1 price point. So, there was 
a gross margin pressure. But that said, our growth has been 8% for the full year as well as 
shampoos is concerned. 
Coming to toothpaste, our growth is 5%. The category is declining by 5%, so we've gained share 
from the market leader. There is also no problem, I've already told you. In Home Care, there is 
a big goldmine the way we see it. We have Odonil brand. The Odonil brand now has a 33% 
market share for us as compared to our competitor, which also has 33% market share. We are 
already teetering on the brink of being a market leader and becoming bigger than our market 
leader, who existed there, and #2 brand is Aer there, and Odonil is the parallel brand. And I think 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
next month we should become the largest brand in the Air Freshener business. And now we are 
calling ourselves India's largest selling air freshener brand 
So, good traction that we are seeing in our Odonil in all the formats, be it the gel format, powder 
format, aerosol format. Odomos, which is our personal application cream, is getting extended 
into LV, which is a larger category of Rs. 2,500 crores. That we have just rolled out in South of 
India, and we are growing the Odomos brand in line with our strategy of increasing the total 
addressable market. So, that's doing well. 
Skin Care, Gulabari and Fem. In Fem, because of COVID, out-of-home consumption was 
impacted, but gradually slowly we are seeing that is also coming back. And so is the case with 
Gulabari for us. So, HPC is in a good space. Next year, I think we should be able to do a high 
single to a low double-digit growth as far as HPC is concerned, with gross margin expansion. 
Because petroleum-based, crude-based inflation is now abating quite a bit with LLP prices now 
softening. It used to be in the range of around 100. Now petroleum prices are in the range of 
around 80, 85. So, there is an expansion happening here. 
That said, because of rural pressure, there was LUP growth which was happening. And because 
of that, there was gross margin issue, but because of that our penetrations have gone up. So, 
there's a flip side to it. Our penetrations have gone up in Hair Care also. So, I think I've given 
you a flavor of HPC. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That's really helpful, Mohit. My second question is on the margin front. We always used to be 
in the tight band of 20%, 21% EBITDA margin. Now what you have mentioned in the beginning 
is that there is some cooling of the inflation which is there. So, can we look back going to 20% 
margin in FY24? Or do you think we're still not there? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, good point. Sequentially, we've seen the contraction of gross margins reducing and inflation 
also abating. So, we closed at around 18.8% operating margin. So, I think we will inch up 
definitely. Now I can't say with confidence that we'll inch up to a level of 20% in 1 year or will 
it take us 2 years, because our media spending has also gone down. And whatever upside that 
we get in gross margin, we want to invest in media, and we want to put it in operating margin. 
How much we can do that balancing is what we will have to see through the year. So, I can't 
really comment with confidence. But I think the first priority will be to put money back on 
media, getting the demand surge happen. And the second priority will be increasing the operating 
margin there to the 20% level. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
But suffice to say that FY23 we did 18.8%. So, you will be able to protect that number? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Definitely. Not protect that number, go beyond that number, for sure. We have set a target of 
roughly around 19%, 19.5%. So, that much we should be able to do. It's actually situational, no, 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
depending upon how much inflation there is. If inflation cools down, then we'll be able to get it. 
And it's a mix of a lot of things of competitive intensity, landscape we are operating, inflation, 
etc., I can't comment with confidence and give you guidance on that, yes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, that's wonderful. My last question on the NPD. Over the last 5, 6 quarters, you've entered 
into mustard oil, you've gone into dry fruits, and you have done a lot of actions into the juices 
and nectars and also dairy beverages. If I look back, I mean, you always maintain that 3.5%, 4% 
contribution should come from the new product. But tell me, again, I'm using the word 
complexity, what is the success you see in those experiments? Is there anything materially you 
will be able to share that you look at the growth in the new product is looking promising or the 
experiment is done? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
See, I’ve shared a couple of examples already in my commentary. Now the first example was 
juices. Drinks have already become Rs. 200 crores. We are scaling that up to Rs. 500 crores. 
This is NPD. This never used to exist around 2 years back. So, it's a complete, pure, new business 
which will become Rs. 500 crores. Now Hommade, chutneys, pickles, etc., I told you that we 
have exited the year at around Rs. 110 crores, Rs. 115 crores, which we will be scaling the Foods 
along with Badshah to Rs. 500 crores. This is all new product business that is generated. This is 
Food and Beverage which I talked about. 
Now coming to Healthcare portfolio. We launched Tea and Vita here, and also a lot of honey 
extensions. They have done very well for us, and we launched Baby Care. Baby Care scaled up 
to Rs. 20 crores. We are taking it up to around Rs. 50 crores level in the current year. And we 
will all watch how Baby Care actually does in GT, because we are creating a separate team 
through advocacy like I talked about. Honitus extensions have done well for us. Pudin Hara fizz 
has done well for us. Shilajit extension that we did in the form of a gel on e-commerce has pretty 
much done well for us. E-commerce - 7% of business is coming out of NPDs, which is doing 
well. 
So, on Tea, we see a lot of green shoots. Wherever we've launched Tea, it's doing well, but I 
think we have to provide some advertising support to Tea and Vita. That is what we are in the 
process of doing. And then in HPC, we have NPDs in Amla that we did. I think our Sarson Amla 
has done exceedingly well. Our gel that we rolled out in Oral Care has already become Rs. 20 
crores. We are taking it nationally now. And in Home Care, we launched aerosol extensions, 
which have done very well. I just told you our market share is 33%. We are already #1 air 
freshener brand in the country. So, that's done well. And LV extension to Odomos is what we've 
done. It's increasing the addressable market for us while using the Odomos franchise, which is 
the same thing that we did in Real also. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
So, I think across the board, we've got great examples of NPDs doing well. But some of them 
have not done well, like I've been telling you, sanitizers have not done well. Some Tulsi Drops 
and Haldi Drops have not done well. And we've culled it. So, just to tell you some numbers, we 
culled around 180 SKUs in the last 6 months. Already, the brands that are not doing well will be 
culled. It will be a weed and feed strategy. You keep weeding out SKUs which are not doing 
well, but you keep feeding within the guardrails of your core business, which is it will be Real, 
it will be Amla, it will be Red. So, we will launch extensions which are only feeding into the 
equity of the existing core brands. I have been alluding in all my calls the same thing. So, this 
power brand strategy is working well for us, and that's what we'll keep doing. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Wonderful. This leads me to last one question on the Nepal investment. Maybe you can answer 
at a later time. What is this NPR 900 crores going to get us? Is it pure manufacturing? And what 
are the products we are going to manufacture there? 
Ankush Jain: 
Shirish, this news about NPR 900 crores of Nepal investment first let's clarify that the approval 
for this was made through the Nepal government around 4 years ago as an enabling permission 
to go on investment over the next 5 to 6 years. Because as per law of Nepal, you need to get an 
in-principle approval beforehand, 5 to 6 years, as an enabling provision. However, having said 
that, in the current year, our proposal is to invest only Rs. 90-odd crores as the demand is 
increasing and in juices capacity there is a shortfall. But for that, this approval was only an 
enabling provision necessary. 
Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs 
Arnab Mitra: 
So, Mohit, you started by saying that there was a 5% gap between primary and secondary sales. 
So, wanted to understand what drove this? Why did you have to correct the pipeline here? And 
also wanted to understand that from here on, do you expect secondary primary to track or there 
is some more pipeline correction that you need to affect, which is why primaries could be lower 
than secondaries even in the next couple of quarters? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Arnab, so slight correction. We did not do any pipeline correction, as there was no pipeline 
correction which was intended to be done. So, this pipeline correction or down-stocking or 
loading not happening, I think different semantics can be used here, but it is actually rains. There 
were unseasonal rains in the month of March and April, as you are seeing, and in North of India, 
where Dabur is very salient, usually, in the end of the quarter, we do loading of the season. So, 
there's a Beverage loading. There is a Healthcare loading of Pudin Hara, which happens. There's 
a glucose loading which happens. There's a Hair Oil loading which happens, which is the nature 
of the way we do business. So, that loading, because of rains, could not happen this year. So, 
automatically the stock in primary with the distributors went down, but the secondary growth is 
intact, this is around 10%. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
So, in a way, I will say it's a 1, 2 day of correction which is happening, which is like a blessing 
in disguise. But that said, we are not very happy for this because they could be in other regions 
where competitors have loaded and there could be a market share fall because of that which has 
happened and which we've seen in some categories in quarter 4 also. But this is just by default. 
Rains, I think, and season loading has not happened, basically that. It is not a pipeline issue. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay, understood. Thanks for that clarification. And my second question is on margins. I mean 
even if I do adjust for that Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 25 crores one-off that you mentioned, possibly the 
other expenses, your margins are still way below where they were in the first 9 months of the 
year. So, just wanted to understand, incrementally, what came significantly in the fourth quarter 
versus the first 9 months? And do some of those factors reverse very quickly? Or it's going to be 
a slow recovery from this 16% to, let's say, the 19%, 19.5% that you mentioned you would 
possibly look for the next year. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, Arnab, it is a one-off issue. One is the one-off expenses that I just explained. I think the big 
picture was that the mix of the products, like I told you, in Healthcare business, we were cycling 
the Omicron variant base. And as I told you, Chyawanprash Rs. 90 crores versus Rs. 60 crores 
we missed out, so higher margin portfolio did not sell. Foods portfolio sold, which is actually 
low margin. So, the product mix and the portfolio mix that we sold was not very favorable. That 
was first. The volume of the business that grew, it actually grew by 11%, and 60% of our 
expenses are variable. So, the processing expenses, freight, travel, warehousing, all those 
increased by around 11% in line with my volume cases. But in terms of the volume that you see, 
which is value weighted, is around 1%. 
So, the expenses were disproportionately higher as compared to what the profitability came in. 
So, I think this should get corrected going forward. Gross margins should increase, and all that. 
Plus, there's some distribution changes that we have made in international business. On account 
of that, there were some expenses that's come in, in the quarter. And that has also hit the business. 
We are doing a distribution rearrangement in our MENA market, which is a high-growth market 
and highly profitable market that impacted the margins. Plus, there was a phasing or some 
expenses like CSR. Rs. 10 crores of CSR came in extraordinary in the phasing in the last quarter, 
which I think will not happen henceforth. 
So, I think we should be able to take it to the level what the other expenses used to be in line 
with business growth. But gross margin contraction, which is sequentially improving as we are 
going on, will take some time, to your point. So, therefore, 18.8% will not immediately go up to 
around 20%. It will just take some time as media investments, so there has to be recovery for 
that. So, our total media today is around 5%, 5.5%. We want to take it up to roughly around 7%, 
8% and support our brands with that. So, we'll have to balance it. Ankush, you want to add. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes. Plus, Arnab, what happened, in the first 9 months, if you would have seen, our media 
investments were contracting almost 18% to 20%. However, in India, we have increased it by 
15%, point number one. And overall, also, it is flattish and not contracting on a 9-month basis, 
as it was on 9-month basis. So, we have started reinvesting behind our brands, yes. 
Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Percy Panthaki: 
A couple of questions from my side. So, firstly, on this allopathic doctor advocacy, this is not 
new. I have been hearing even Mr. Duggal saying this 10 years ago. So, just wanted to 
understand if there is anything really changing versus what attempts we have made in the past. 
That is one thing. Secondly, in terms of the volume growth, I believe it would be approximately 
flat for the quarter. Now if I look at other companies which have reported or given their pre-
quarterly results till now, most of them are showing some low to mid-single digit kind of volume 
growth. 
While it is true that we have grown faster than the industry, as reported by Nielsen, that is a fact 
which almost every listed company can boast about. So, it really does not give too much 
information. I think we should compare ourselves with large, listed peers rather than the entire 
industry. So, the question here is that do you see some kind of timing mismatch, and we should 
see that if basically other large, listed players are showing this kind of growth, is it just a matter 
of 1 or 2 quarters? Or do you think that's not the right way to look at it? So, these two questions 
from my side. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. Great, Percy. So, I'll take your second question first, which is a more tricky one. So, first 
thing, I must assure you the Dabur mix of the portfolio that we sell is very different from the 
other company mixes that you're comparing with. Some companies are secularly a single 
portfolio, and some are a mix, which mix is pretty different. Dabur has got a Healthcare mix, it's 
got a food mix, and it's got an HPC mix. 
Our Healthcare, it was cycling a very high base, unfortunately, because in COVID, it did very 
well. Like I explained to you, Rs. 90 crores vs Rs. 60 croresSo, it will normalize over a period 
of time. That is one area. Our Food business is a Beverage business, which is a little dilutive to 
our portfolio, and this was season time, and Healthcare was cycling a high base. So, therefore, 
the Food became very pronounced, which is margin dilutive a little bit, and a high-margin 
business got depressed quite a bit, which has declined by around 6%, 7%. 
Our HPC business categories per chance have not grown, and we have gained market share there, 
and which is being reflected in our secondary, which I was telling you. Ideally, secondary and 
primary should be moving in line. And if the unseasonal rains wouldn't have happened, I would 
have seen a 10% growth in primary also. Had I seen a 10% growth in primary, in my overall 
business in HPC, while Healthcare was cycling base, and Foods, the margins would have 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
improved and you would have seen a high-volume growth also, because volume growths are 
value-weighted for us. And if a high case rate sale, which is HPC - Toothpaste will sell higher, 
then obviously, my volumes will inch up and the volumes would have been mid-single digits. I 
hope I've been able to explain it to you. 
Percy: 
Got it. And the second question? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, it is I think one-off untimely impact which has happened. Now on the first piece, Allopathic 
Doctor Advocacy, I don't know what Mr. Duggal talked about 10 years back, I wasn't around. 
But I've been here for 5 years. One year overlapped with Mr. Duggal also. So, here it was very 
clear that we will only go to ayurvedic doctors because ayurvedic doctor universe is 5 lakhs. 
And until and unless we cover 40%, 50% of the ayurvedic doctors, we can't spread out our 
resources too thin to ayurvedic and to allopathic. So, we decided that because our products are 
either Ethical, which are mentioned in the text of Charaka Samhita, which an allopathic doctor 
doesn't believe in, it's no point barking up the wrong tree, and don't go there. And therefore, 
focus only on ayurvedic only. And be core to your knitting. That is the mantra that I learned 
from Mr. Duggal. 
But when Haydon has come and he has said, while Himalaya is also a company which is 
ayurvedic in nature, , but going forward in the country, for ayurveda to become mainstream, you 
have to take the allopathic doctor, who charges Rs. 100 to see a patient, he has to say that it's 
good to take Chyawanprash. It is not bad to take Chyawanprash. If you don't take him by your 
side, then you will not be able to grow this category. And that is what the Ministry of Ayush is 
also talking about, and that's why Ministry of Ayush is saying that it's a complementary system 
of medicine, not an alternative system of medicine. 
So, therefore, now that's why we created a separate vertical. So, earlier, an ayurvedic sales 
promoter was going to an ayurvedic. And maybe to your point, if you're saying 10 years back, 
Mr. Duggal used to say, maybe if he was making 10 calls to an ayurvedic vaid, one call would 
be to an allopathic doctor also. But now there is a focused team which would only cover 
allopathic doctors for us, like you have any other pharma companies. I hope I have been able to 
clarify the change. 
Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A couple of questions. One is, as an outsider, my view is that there are like too many things 
happening at Dabur, whether it's your portfolio expansion or what you're trying to do with 
Healthcare or even in case of Foods, where you have given the guidance of this 18%, 19% 
growth, and you have had like hectic launches in the last few years, particularly through the 
course of pandemic. While you have mentioned and always maintained that a lot of those are 
part of either narrow in terms of being only on e-commerce modern trend or part of power 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
brands. But this time around, we have not seen any new launches slide, which you typically have 
been putting every quarter. From a next 12- to 24-month perspective, do you think you will take 
a pause and basically consolidate and move forward after that, because as I said, as an outsider 
it looks like too many things happening at Dabur. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, but that's an outside-in view. I think insider view knows how simple or complex it is, Vivek, 
if you ask me. So, it's not that difficult. And I think the second part of the question is, while it 
may be simple or complex, I think the key is to drive growth and volume tonnages and increase 
penetration in the country. We all drive businesses for the future, and sustainably so. So, that's 
why we are trying to make bigger, larger, bolder bets within the power brands and make them 
larger. So, to your point, will I give it a pause? The answer is, not really, focus only on the core 
brands. So, I think that's a singular message that I want to drive to the analyst community that 
its core brands, which are 8 core brands, and we are doing things only around those to make 
them larger. Like Real will, from Rs. 1,700 crores, move to Rs. 5,000 crores. Amla will become 
a Rs. 2,000 crores brand. Red will become a Rs. 2,000 - 3,000 crores brand. Chyawanprash will 
become a Rs. 1,000 crores brand. Honey will become a Rs. 1,000 crores brand. 
That's how the business of Dabur will go from Rs. 10,000 crores to Rs. 20,000 crores, by driving 
megapower brands with some extensions around those brands, which will strengthen the core of 
that brand. Like a Healthcare brand will only have a Healthcare extension. So, we've not 
launched a new brand with a new name, etc., that we are investing money behind, no. Ma'am, 
you want to add something? 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
And in addition, Vivek, we are also doing a lot of culling, where the smaller NPDs have not 
worked, we are culling them and rationalizing scalable NPDs which are going to be bigger bets 
for us and put investments behind them as we go forward. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. Okay. Because again, just to, let's say, follow up or at least add my perception. Whether, 
let's say, it's a narrow one, but nonetheless, an edible oil, to pickles, to now you're thinking about 
LVs. While some of this could be under the core brand, these are new formats altogether, right? 
And at the time when your distribution is changing in a way, or the process is underway on the 
Healthcare side. But I think your point, maybe it's an outside view, and it's not as complicated 
from inside. 
The second is, Mohit, you have very well-articulated the Food numbers, and you also mentioned 
a bit about HPC in FY24. On the Healthcare side, if you have to, again, take that view from a 
next 2, 3-year perspective, what is your expectation of growth, like Food, 18% to 19%, let's say, 
HPC probably high single digit to double digit. What will be the growth rate over here in your 
view? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, we are cycling now on a low bases, Vivek. And we've lapped over the high bases in 
Healthcare. So, I think the trajectory will start, and we are doing a little bit of reinvigoration also 
in our Healthcare portfolio. So, I think, again, a high-single to a low-double is what we are 
looking at at Healthcare portfolio. But Healthcare portfolio is a little slow burn portfolio. It's not 
as high burn as it because category penetration is an issue here, and especially post-COVID. So, 
I will say high single-digit growth is what is expected in Healthcare for us. But I think the 
negative is out of the way. If you look at the CAGRs of the past 3 years, our healthcare portfolio 
is also 9-10%; HPC is also 9-10%. Food is actually 20% for us because that market has 
intrinsically seen a tailwind of category growth. So, that is the CAGR that we want to continue 
at, yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, in that context, basically, Food will grow the fastest, and Healthcare, HPC, give or take, 
should grow around the same rate, right, which means that the excitement is much more around 
Foods in a way? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I will not say excitement is around Food. I think Food is a larger total addressable market. If you 
look at the total FMCG market also, Vivek, Food is one which is 60%, 70% of the overall market. 
I think that's the way the nature of the business is. Food will be larger. But if you look at the 
contribution of the business, we want to keep Foods at around 20%, and Healthcare at around 
30%, and HPC at around 50%. So, that is the salience of the whole Dabur mix to be. So, that's 
what we are planning. And that's why a new vertical and a focus and the thrust on Healthcare. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
No, but sorry, Mohit, mathematically that's not even possible, right? If Foods grew at about 18%, 
19%, and other businesses, high single to nearly double, that's not mathematically possible, 
right? On the Food side, you are already at 21%. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, I told you, no, that Food has a tailwind. When a category is growing at around 15%, 16%, 
then if you want to increase share, then automatically you will grow, but this Food tailwind will 
not last for long. The Beverage has been growing at 15%. If you look at last 5 years, so 2 years, 
the Food was the one which was dragging our business. And now, Food is the one which is 
helping our business come in. I think that's the magic of having a diversified portfolio. That if 
one portfolio doesn't do well, the other comes up. In COVID, Foods was in the cast, and 
Healthcare did well during COVID. Now post-COVID, Food is performing, Healthcare is in a 
cast. So, that's the diversified portfolio, and you need to have diversity. Had we been only a 
Healthcare company, during post-COVID, we would have been dead because of flat growth. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it, Mohit. I'll separately reach out to you on this any which ways. Wishing you all the very 
best. 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
Avi Mehta from Macquarie 
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to clarify at this point that the divergence between case growth and volume growth 
that we saw in 4Q, should reverse, I mean, they should be in a similar trajectory going forward 
because this was more one-off. Is that the right understanding? Or is it going to take some more 
time? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
I think it should even out. Ideally, I think it should even out. But what's happening, Avi, I will 
tell you, because of the rural pressure, what happens, there is a down-trading happening by 
consumers. So, low unit price points, the one which actually sells higher. So, as rural business 
recovers, I think this should even out. But if the rural is lagging behind urban and if we sell in 
rural with the rural infrastructure growth of Dabur, then this may continue. Our case growth may 
be higher as compared to our actual volume growth because we value-weight it, and larger packs 
don't sell as much as the smaller pack sells. 
While the flip side is the penetration goes up, Ghar-Ghar Dabur comes up and Dabur is available 
in 80% of the households in India, those things happen, and people eventually upgrade from a 
low pack to a high pack as the penetrations move up. So, that's the silver lining to this whole 
thing. But till the time urban growth and rural growth parallel each other, this anomaly may 
continue for a while. 
Avi Mehta: 
But Mohit, doesn't it also mean that other expense growth will be ahead of your sales growth? 
Because, obviously, when you have a scenario wherein case growth is stronger, as you rightly 
alluded, costs will move at a starker pace. And what you also said is gross margin pressures will 
also continue. Is that the right framework that I should be looking at? Or is there something that 
I'm missing from a margin story point of view? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, you're right. That's why we are embarking on efficiencies happening in manufacturing, 
warehousing, and indirect overheads. So, variable expenses are only around 50% to 60% of the 
total other expenses that you see. The rest is where the leverage can definitely happen. And we 
generally embark on Samriddhi program and saving initiatives to manage that cost. 
Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Mohit, to help us understand the gross margin impact, it would be helpful if you could break it 
up into down-trading, product mix change, and input cost inflation. And also, if we have to 
assume a scenario of gross margin improvement, will it be mix change, as you alluded Food will 
not grow as it was looking in terms of the pace of what we've seen. And are there any price 
increases or some cooling of inflation, which we would expect to change the gross margin? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. First of all, I think let me talk about inflation. Inflation is around 6% to 6.5%, and we've 
taken price increases also of 6%, 6.5%. So, I think gradually and slowly our gross margins here 
should improve on account of input costs. As far as down-trading is concerned, I told you, as the 
rural goes up, value piece will sell, and the penetration would go up. Eventually people upgrade. 
And so that is there, and also there's a mix change. Mix change is quite a bit dependent on the 
season. For example, if in summer season we sell juices more, in winter season, we sell 
Healthcare more, so that evens out each other. So, that's when -- and specifics, I will request 
Ankush to answer. 
Ankush Jain: 
Sure. Prakash, I think just on your specific question. If you see India, gross margin contraction 
is 75 bps. Our estimate is that around 35 to 40 bps is coming because of mix change in the 
quarter. The rest 35 to 40 bps are coming because of, let's say, higher consumer promotions and 
certain trade interventions. But on a pure cost-to-cost basis, the good news is that at least in this 
quarter, on a pure product-to-product basis, we have been able to mitigate all our inflation, as 
Mr. Mohit said, 6% inflation and 6% price increases. I hope I have been able to answer your 
question. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. That is helpful. So, that would mean there is more pressure on the international side. That 
is why the overall gross margins are lower? 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, because international gross margins declined at a higher rate. But the contraction in even 
international business has almost halved. It used to be almost 500 bps. At this time, it is almost 
250 bps only, the contraction. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, because the inflation is cooling even in international, because the petroleum prices is 
impacting them, but also the country mix is impacting international business, because the 
country mix in favor of MENA is reducing because we are doing some distribution changes in 
the MENA market. So, the MENA saliency has gone down in the last quarter and that business 
went down and declined by around 10-odd percent. And other markets where the currency 
depreciations are impacting the India translation, those have actually shot up. So, that's the issue. 
So, you're absolutely right, international margins are under pressure. While you see a constant 
currency growth of 11%, margins are under pressure because of country mix being a little 
unfavorable. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure. So, going forward, mix change as well as this cooling inflation will lead to gross margin 
improvement? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And just one data keeping point. Honey, if you can give us the value growth in FY23? And we 
launched various variants, Tulsi, Ashwagandha, Organic, Himalaya. So, any meaningful 
contribution from these launches in Honey? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, the honey category, if you see, is actually declining, but we've grown honey by around 
7%, and our market shares have actually gone up. We see a very high competitive intensity in 
modern trade. There are a lot of players wanting to get into the honey market as the honey prices 
are cooling and the margins are going up. So, that is where the competitive intensity is. That 
said, our counter data is actually showing increases in our honey market shares in modern trade, 
and also in GT. And the new launches are more premium launches, so by virtue of those, our 
gross margins have inched up in honey. But that said, we are expecting a lot of private label play 
happening in honey also with Reliance getting into a lot of their own private label brands. So, I 
don't rule out the option that space will become very competitive, and we will have to have a 
solve for modern trade, Reliance also. 
Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, my first question was, Mohit, in the last quarter, you had made a remark that the rural 
slowdown particularly for us is coming from Central India. Just wanted to get some sense from 
you how things are changing. You said that green shoots are emerging, but if you could just 
elaborate a little bit more on how the trends have been? And how should we think of it in this 
quarter, that is the first quarter? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Right. So, Sheela, good question, actually. I think Central India is where the reliance of Dabur 
is quite a bit. Actually, North, where the reliance of Dabur is quite high. We are a North salient 
organization. So, in Central India, what we've done is, North we've broken up into 2 parts. One 
is called Central, and one is called North. Our Central business wasn't doing well, which is 
basically UP and Bihar. There was a lot of pressure, but we've seen a secondary growth of 7%, 
and we've seen a revival in Central. 
Central means basically Bihar and UP revival. UP was also marked by elections. But post the 
elections, I think there's a recovery which has happened in UP, and also there has been a change 
of manpower which actually has happened, and we've changed our leadership in the Central 
region also. On the back of this, we see the Central doing far better as compared to the last 
quarter in the current one. And the South is where we see a little bit of pressure. As far as the 
West is concerned, that's also doing very well for us, and the East is also doing pretty well for 
us. The South is seeing a bit of pressure, which also we are in the process of correcting. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, this would particularly benefit our HPC portfolio, right? And this is not optical, it is actually 
improvement in demand? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, that is improvement in demand, and also execution. So, I think execution plays a big role. 
So, I think our execution has improved in Central India and also the rural comeback, the green 
shoots that we are seeing, they are more visible in Bihar and UP for us, which was a very 
pronounced decline in rural in UP and Bihar. So, that's showing definite green shoots. 
Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Securities 
Ajay Thakur: 
I had just one question on the Hair Oil segment. Just wanted to understand which category would 
be showing the most growth for us in terms of where we would be getting the most market share 
in Hair Oil category, which brand or which segment? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Ajay, basically perfumed oil segment is where we've gained major market shares. In coconut 
oil, we've also gained market share, but that market share is a little muted at single basis point, 
but 130 basis points is coming majority on back of perfumed oils. And in Sarson Amla, we've 
gained market share. In all the flanker brands of Dabur Amla also we've gained market share. 
So, perfumed oils to answer your question. 
Ajay Thakur: 
And just one additional question. Can we get to know what will be the size of coconut hair oil 
now for us? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Rs. 300 crores, I think. 
Tejash Shah from Spark Capital 
Tejash Shah: 
Couple of questions. Sir, you spoke about that we culled out some 180 SKUs and some NPDs 
also. Sir just wanted to understand the technicality of accounting here. So, how do we account 
for unsuccessful NPDs which are still in the pipeline and are unsold at the channels? 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, so first of all, Tejash, yes, so as a process, we review our performance of the NPDs and 
whichever are below the performance standards which we have set in terms of either the saliency 
of sales or the growth parameters, we decide to cull it off. In terms of your specific question of 
accounting, when we have decided to cull off the SKU, we give it a time. Till the time raw 
material and packing material is in the system, we allow it to be produced, but hold the 
procurement of fresh raw material and packing material, so that the losses in terms of inventory 
don't come, point number 1. Point number 2, also the finished goods, which are lying in at our 
CFA or warehouses, are they allowed to be sold. It's only the fresh production is stopped or 
curtailed to minimize losses. So, then the sales happen only to the extent of stock which is there. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, so I think to reiterate what Ankush was saying, it's basically a metric of topline and bottom 
line. If the topline is not happening, or the bottom line is also not happening because of whatever 
reasons, then we cull out the SKU. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. The second question is, Mohit, on rural distress that you spoke about, and most of the 
FMCG companies have also spoken about it in the last 4 quarters. But if I just see FY23 in 
review, something like tractor actually grew 15% this year. And even if we see commentary 
from microfinance companies or banks, there is no major distress in rural portfolio. In fact, they 
are doing very well on the rural side as well. So, where is the disconnect between when we pick 
up evidence beyond FMCG, then rural is not in as much distress as we are picking up in FMCG 
sector? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes. So, I think what we are seeing is actually recovery of payments is really not happening in 
terms of our servicing the rural. So, be it at a super-stockist level or at a sub-stockist level, at the 
retail level, I think that is where the problem was on payment recovery, and that's why the 
stockist is not selling out in rural areas while we try to facilitate funds also there. But that is the 
problem that we are seeing in our business in rural areas across the board actually. And I think 
it's more accentuated in FMCG because the allocation of funds by rural household happens to a 
durable like for tractor, etc., and they cut back on expenses on larger packs. So, down-trading is 
a big time. If somebody was buying a 100 mL, now he's buying a 50 mL SKU. So, the number 
of purchases maybe is going up, but the larger packs are down-trading to the smaller packs there. 
Sachet sales are the ones which are actually picking up. So, that's what I can say. 
Exact answer, I really don't have, if other companies and other industries are doing well in rural 
and we are not. But that's not what we hear. I think rural stress has actually been echoed by most 
of the companies at our Board meetings also, where people are representing different industries, 
be it Maruti or others. So, we hear that rural stress is pretty much there, and it's all on the back 
of inflation. Because inflation is there, there is pressure on the purse strings of the rural consumer 
and that is what is telling on discretionary products.  
Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities 
Manoj Menon: 
Mohit, just an academic/accounting question. I understood Ankush, your response you gave 
about what you actually, let's say, which is futuristic thought process on what the culling, etc., 
means. But what exactly happens, let's say, if you have launched a product which has got a 12- 
or 18-month shelf life. And what is the time frame in which you look at the secondaries and 
tertiaries, see if it is, and decide what you need to do, but that is futuristic. But what exactly 
happens to the stock already there in the pipeline, whether a distributor, whether it is the retailer, 
etc., what exactly happens to those? And on a, let's say, logistical basis, the second aspect is, 
how do you account for this? 
Ankush Jain: 
Manoj, just to build on what I initially said, initially, what I said was for the stocks which is 
currently in our system, but now I think you are asking for what has already been sold. So, as a 
normal process, anything which the retailer is not able to sell, we take it back as goods received, 

 
Dabur India Limited 
May 4, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
GRN, through our stockist, and they are accounted as sales write-off, or they are netted off from 
the sales as a sales return. So, we will compensate back our stock and the retailer eventually for 
anything which has not been sold in the stipulated time. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, but just to tell you, our stock returns are pretty much in line with our historical averages. 
So, that's the way to do it, and it's pretty much in line with our industry standards also, that we 
are benchmarked against the industry. So, it's not alarmingly high in terms of our stock takeback. 
So, that's generally, in the range of around Rs. 20 crores a quarter is what is the historical average 
that we have, which is 1% of the business, so India turnover. It's 1% of return sales and which 
is best-in-class. It changes from category-to-category, but the average for HPC, HC, and Foods 
is roughly around 1%. In Foods, it's generally higher because shelf life is lower, but on average, 
it is in the range of around 1%. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in this conference call. The webcast 
audio recording and transcript will be available on our website. If any questions are left over, 
please contact us offline. Thank you and have a nice evening ahead. 
 
