9th February, 2023 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001  
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Code: 500645  
NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT 
Subject: Management Transcript of Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the 
Management Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 3rd February, 2023 to 
discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December, 2022. 
The transcript of the Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call will also be made available 
on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.dfpcl.com/. 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Ritesh Chaudhry 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above  
RITESH 
CHAUDHRY
Digitally signed by RITESH CHAUDHRY 
Date: 2023.02.09 16:55:34 +05'30'

 
 1 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
 
                                Q3 FY2023 
 
                                      February 3rd, 2023 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sailesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Amitabh Bhargava – President and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Mahesh Girdhar – President, Crop Nutrition Business 
Mr. Tarun Sinha – President, Technical Ammonium Nitrite 
Mr. Deepak Balwani –Head Investor Relations 
 
Hosted by Dolat Capital 

 
 2 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals 
Corporation Limited Q3 and 9M FY '23 Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tejas 
Sonawane from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Tejas Sonawane: 
Thank you, Seema. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I would like to thank 
the management of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited for giving us 
the opportunity to host their Q3 FY '23 Earnings Call. From the management team, we have 
with us today, Mr. S C Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Amitabh Bhargava, 
President, and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Tarun Sinha, President, Technical Ammonium 
Nitrate; Mr. Suparas Jain, Vice President, Corporate Finance. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, post which we will open the forum for a Q&A session. Thank you. And over to you, 
sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Thank you. So thank you, Tejas. A very good afternoon to everyone. I'm pleased to welcome 
you to the Q3 FY '23 earnings call of DFPCL. I hope you've had the opportunity to review the 
financial statements, press release and earnings presentation available on the exchange and 
our website. So at the outset, let me share that I'm once again very happy to share that for Q3, 
again, our top line grew by 40% over last year, and the bottom line also grew by 40% over last 
year. On the 9 month front, we have seen a top line growth of around 50%, but the bottom 
line growth has been 138%. 
Now, this has been in the face of headwinds coming from raw material, I would say, jumps. In 
ammonia, we saw 84%, phos acid 80%, gas around 96%, potash 103%. So, I mean, virtually 
every raw material, we saw a massive hike. And this is something that we have been able to 
pass through and more. So at the undercurrent level, what we saw that has been validated and 
validated quite strongly that all our three product lines, meaning the industrial chemicals, 
mining chemicals and fertilisers.  
Now it is beyond doubt that they are very strongly aligned with the India growth story and 
which is why despite the finished product pricing also going up to accommodate for this raw 
material price hike, we have not seen any demand reduction, and in fact, to the contrary. So 
that is one aspect that, that undercurrent level, very strongly, this has been established. The 
second, of course, has been internally our operations, supply chain, management competency, 
So, all of that also has been very strongly validated, and that has helped to, in somewhere, right 
through some of these headwinds. The third and the most important thing is that we are 
finding increasingly a very positive traction in our journey from commodity to specialty. And if 

 
 3 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
I might just share that one were to take, let us say, our technical ammonium nitrate business, 
that this journey moving from product to holistic services, what we call as TCOD, the total cost 
of operations and also moving from this selling a product to our customer, the industrial 
explosives companies to our consumers, which is mine, that is something that more and more 
we are finding a very strong, I would say, positive validation that, that is the right strategy. 
Similarly, in the fertiliser business, the shift from, again, commodity NPKs to crops-specific NPKs 
and also our very strong focus from just focusing on the channel that is our customer to a very 
strong focus on our farmers, the consumers. 
In the industrial chemicals, the group also, in terms of moving from commodity IPA to focus on 
somewhere the pharma grade IPA and segmenting the market, delivering to those segments 
what is specifically required for them, including solar grade nitric acid or the like. So from a 
strategy perspective, if I look at the common underlining strategic shifts that we're bringing in 
all the three businesses are somewhere bearing fruit, which is number one, moving from 
commodity to specialty, which is a combination of product and technical services, which, of 
course, in the long run, will create also a very good brand. 
The second is this very tough, but very strong drive on moving from customer to consumer, 
and finally, of course, moving from competition pricing to value pricing. So, these are things 
which are, I would say, transformative shifts which are bearing fruit in terms of also the 
financial result, but it is also something which will provide a long-term, I would say, strong 
foundation and trust for us going forward. 
As far as the project goes, the ammonia project as last time also I had mentioned, it continues 
to be on a real fast track, and we are almost 93.5% completed, and we are now in the peak of 
the pre-commissioning activities, and we do expect to commission the plant by the first quarter 
of FY '24. There I would want to also share that we have succeeded in tying up almost 40% of 
our gas requirements and these are basically brent-linked, so that, in case tomorrow, as the 
crude changes, we also get the positive benefits out of it. And of course, it's at a very attractive 
discount over the current spot. 
Going forward, we are looking forward to, now, there will be the large Reliance auction and it's 
going to come in, I would say, 2 or 3 slots. There is a fair degree of domestic gas that's going to 
emerge, Reliance and ONGC. And we are in very, very close touch with other global LNG giants 
and with good intense discussions happening. So very shortly, we should be able to look at a 
long-term tie-up on our gas needs. 
The other at a larger dimension that you may be aware of that, we've taken up the demerger 
exercise for value creation. And since we saw now all the 3 businesses from a top line, bottom 
line and capital allocation in terms of assets, reaching a size where it would be something 
where on their own steam, each one of them could be something that could be placed in 
different corporate entities. 

 
 4 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
So that end-to-end, right from Board members to the lowest level, the focus remains on that 
specific business. And that would bring a much stronger alignment of strategy and people to 
the business requirements. And so we have kick-started that where Deepak Fertiliser continues 
to have the industrial chemicals business, and a 100% subsidiary of Deepak Fertiliser was STL, 
where we had housed the fertiliser business and the technical ammonium nitrate business. 
And now what we are looking at is putting those also into separate corporate entities as we go 
forward. So, we are in the thick of the NCLT process, and we are looking forward to that 
unwinding to then have focus businesses into focus corporate entities. And that will bring in a 
lot of value creation. So with these thoughts, I now hand you over to Amitabh, our CFO and 
President, Finance, to take you through the detailed financial overview and the operational 
performance highlights. And then, of course, he and the team are there to provide any further 
clarifications that you may need. Thank you. Amitabh? 
Amitabh Bhargava; 
 Yes. Thank you, Mr. Mehta. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining 
the Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals conference call to discuss the quarter 3 FY '23 
results. 
During Q3 FY '23, we reported a total operating revenue of INR 2,755 crores, an increase of 
40.9% Y-o-Y compared to same period last year. Our operating EBITDA increased to INR 461 
crores compared to INR 352 crores in Q3 FY '22. Operating EBITDA margins were at 16.7% 
during Q3 FY '23. Our net profit for the quarter recorded a growth of over 39.7% Y-o-Y to INR 
252 crores with margin of 9.1%. 
During the quarter, our chemical business recorded a revenue of INR 1,615 crores, an increase 
of 37% compared to Q3  FY '22, with segment margins of 28%. Manufactured pharma chemicals 
recorded sales of INR 454 crores, an increase of 19% Y-o-Y. Manufactured mining chemicals 
business recorded a sale of INR 994 crores, an increase of 50.4% Y-o-Y during the quarter. Coal 
India overburden removal, overall production grew by 21% Y-o-Y and by 53% quarter-on-
quarter. 
Its coal production grew by 10% Y-o-Y and 29% quarter-on-quarter. In sales volume, volumes 
declined by approximately 10% year-on-year in TAN segment, mainly because of the delayed 
demand as far as the infra-segment is concerned or non-coal segment also, and also there were 
imports, resumption of imports from Russia. Project funding for TAN greenfield was secured 
with a total debt of INR 1,541 crores, with a 14-year door-to-door tenure.  
Quarter 3 fertilisers segment revenue grew by 47% Y-o-Y to INR 1,134 crores with segment 
margins of 5%. Reservoir levels in key operating geographies are well above the normal level, 
and we are expecting good rabi sowing. We received the sanction of Industrial Promotion 
Subsidy claim for FY '20, FY '21 and FY '22 of approximately INR 25 crores from Directorate of 
Industries, Government of Maharashtra. Also, ADB Blue Loan first tranche of $15 million was 
disbursed in November 2022. 

 
 5 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
In the quarter, our IPA plant operated at 62% capacity utilization, while acids and TAN plants 
operated at 88% and 117%, respectively. In crop nutrition, NP, NPK plants operated at 63% 
utilization, and the Bensulf plant operated at 50% utilization. This sums up this quarter's 
operating and financial performance. With this, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take our first question from the line of Mr. Ranjit from IIFL Securities. 
Ranjit: 
A couple of questions from my side. First, on the volume front, just wanted to get a bit more 
granularity on the specific reason from the 10% decline, when we have seen at least on the 
coal production side, the volumes have increased, but for us, TAN volumes have seen a 10% 
decline. We have also alluded as for the reason on the Russian imports coming through. 
Incrementally, we do see that the newspapers only suggest that these things are only going to 
increase. 
Ranjit: 
Yes. So the question was mainly on the TAN volumes front. We have seen a 10% kind of a 
decline on a Y-o-Y basis. One of the reason that we have given is the rising imports from Russia. 
And the newspapers suggest that this is only going to get higher during the calendar year 2023, 
given that there were very few imports in CY '22. So how are we gearing up to address this? So 
would the market share would be at risk? Or would the profitability that we have seen is at 
risk? So that's my first question. 
Second, on the gas front, even though we have said that it is linked to the Brent and at a 
significant discount. But it would be really helpful if you could some more granularity as to 
what slope is what been looked at since it is for 3 years, and how that would change over a 
period of next 3 years? And ultimately, the benefits that we have been suggesting, at least, 
from the ammonia gas plant front, how that would change with the new gas pricing that we 
have entered into? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Yes. So to your first question, the TAN volumes were down 10% Y-o-Y not just for the Russian 
import, as I also mentioned that there was a delayed pickup of infra and non-coal demand. 
Also, typically, what happens is that the demand also picks up in Q3, driven by Coal India 
subsidiaries tender process where explosive manufacturers also, we supply them through two 
separate routes. One is through ENs, and there is a part that we supply to these mines directly. 
So some of those tenders also got delayed. 
So it's more of a -- we believe that overall from a full-year standpoint, the target that Coal India 
has for overburden removal or for coal production, that will remain. And to that extent, we will 
see that improvement coming in Q4, and particularly once those tenders are out, which 
normally happen in Q3, this time it got shifted to Q4. Also, I think while Russian import has 
happened but fundamentally, the import volume remains within a narrow range, which bridges 
the gap that is there in terms of our demand -- country's demand of TAN and our local suppliers. 

 
 6 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Now what happens is in a particularquarter, if there is a bunching, that may have an impact in 
a particular month or a particular quarter, but that doesn't change the equation per se as far 
as the full year is concerned. So, we are quite confident that Q4, which is normally also the 
peak demand for TAN, we would have a certain recovery of volumes. And like I said, some of 
those demand drivers, which will shift from Q3 to Q4, we should be in a position to service that 
demand in Q4. 
To your second question on gas, essentially, one is while we have tied up 40% of the gas, there 
is -- balance 60% is we are still sort of working on 2, 3 fronts, including the domestic auction 
that is -- I think there are 2 or 3 rounds that are expected to come in the next couple of months. 
So, we believe that overall weighted average of our gas price is going to be quite competitive. 
As far as the gas that we've already tied up, while we are not in a position to disclose the slope, 
but I would say that somewhere given where the Brent is and we've seen Brent hovering within 
that narrow range, the prices of -- landed price of gas is somewhere going to be between $16 
to $18. 
And once we tie up the entire quantity, which we are expecting a good part of that would also 
come from price, gas price which is lower than this price point, our weighted average landed 
cost of gas is going to be even more competitive than the price -- the Brent range that I just 
mentioned. What that does to the economics, as you know, sort of ammonia -- while ammonia 
has declined compared to what we've seen in previous quarters, but it still holds firm at about 
$800 to $850 odd FOB Middle East. We've also -- there is also a seasonality in a sense that given 
the kind of mild winter that Europe saw, the prices of gas, TTF gas prices has come down, and 
to that extent, ammonia production in Europe started. So that had an impact. 
Also all along, China had been a net -- in recent past 2, 3 quarters, actually, has been a net 
exporter of ammonia. But as the China comes back in terms of its demand, some of that trade 
flow would reverse. And from that standpoint, ammonia is likely to remain firm and to that 
extent, the ammonia gas delta or margin of anywhere between $300 to $400 seems pretty 
much intact as we see going forward. But that said, I think we will watch for as much as 
ammonia has marginally come down. Globally, gas prices have also come down. So some of 
our new gas that we tie up with the balance gas could also come at even more competitive 
price. 
Ranjit: 
Just a couple of follow-ups. On the first question, though, we are confident on maintaining the 
volumes, how do we see the profitability panning out amidst the rising Russian imports? And 
on the second one, do you foresee a surplus ammonia in the global dynamics, given that there 
is a significant correction in the natural gas price? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, TAN, like I said, despite reduction in volume Y-o-Y, overall profitability of TAN business had 
been significantly better Y-o-Y, so prices, in fact, even between Q2 and Q3. Q3, the prices, MSPs 
of TAN on an average were better than Q2. So the effect of import typically comes on the price 
first, and like I said, the volumes per se don't normally cross the range, which is the gap 
between demand and supply domestically. But Q3 MSPs suggest that despite that, we've done 

 
 7 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
even better than Q2 in terms of MSPs in TAN. And certainly, overall profitability vis-a-vis Y-o-Y, 
despite 10% reduction in volumes have been significantly better. 
To your second question on ammonia, I couldn't quite get what exactly was your question? 
Ranjit: 
Yes. So the question was that now since the -- most of the ammonia capacity across the world 
witnessed a bit of challenge and they were under shut down because of high natural gas prices. 
With the gas prices coming down, we see a bulk of that capacities getting revived and will start 
-- soon starting production. Would that lead to an excess ammonia supply, which would in turn 
would put further pressure on ammonia prices? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
No. Actually, on the contrary, if you look at the demand-supply from a -- and that holds true 
with many commodities like in ammonia that structurally, not much of new supply has come 
in last few years, while the demand has continued to grow with -- globally with say with that 
1% to 1.5% per annum. What we saw, of course, the aspect that largely the European ammonia 
capacities were shut, but like I had mentioned, there was also a counterbalance that was there, 
which is China was not consuming ammonia at all. In fact, they were a net exporter of ammonia 
and that had played some sort of a counterbalance to the capacities, which were shut in 
Europe. 
Now, as the new capacities in Europe come up -- and we'll have to see where from a 
sustainability standpoint, where does the TTF, European gas prices settle post this winter as 
the new summer and the next winter procurement starts happening. But there is also a counter 
that we are seeing that China is going to come back sooner or later. And that rather than China 
becoming a net exporter, it would then start consuming more ammonia. 
So, we are seeing certain counter forces. And to that extent, ammonia -- it can always -- 
commodity is very difficult to predict, which way it would head. But we are not seeing a 
significant downside of ammonia from here for the reasons I just mentioned because 
structurally, not too many new capacities have come up for the merchant ammonia or that 
would cater to the ammonia trade globally. There may have been capacities, but those were 
integrated capacities linked with the downstream chemical or fertiliser capacity. 
Moderator: 
 
We take the next question from the line of Jatin Damania from Kotak Securities. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, just follow-up questions on the earlier participant's regarding the TAN volume. Now since 
you've already disclosed a 10% decline because of a delayed demand. Sir, what are the early 
signs that we're getting in month of January? 
And second follow-up on the same. With the raw material prices which are corrected on the 
sequential basis compared to the last quarter, have we seen any correction in the TAN 
realization in the month of Jan and Feb? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So overall, I think while -- you are talking about Q3 in terms of volume reduction. Overall, 9 
months standpoint, we are -- our overall TAN volume, if I can just quickly, what the numbers 

 
 8 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
were.366,000. So, we are ahead of last year numbers. So from a full year perspective, we are 
still quite confident in terms of doing better volumes. As far as Jan and Feb is concerned, I 
mean, it's a little early. Jan, I don't have the numbers. But our prices, at least in the first half of 
Jan had remained firm. I mean they were no different from what we saw in the last month of 
Q3. Like I said, overall contribution margins even in Q3, despite the imports that have 
happened from Russia has remained better than even Q2 of the prices. 
MSPs have remained better than Q2. We'll have to see now how the demand that was delayed 
in picking up in last quarter. If that demand picks up, we don't see a reason in terms of 
contraction in the contribution margin. But more than import, we are going to watch for the 
demand pickup from both coal and non-coal segment. And so long as the demand comes back, 
we don't see that much of a challenge, both from a volume perspective and margin perspective. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, regarding the Coal India, you said one of the major part is Coal India. And if you look at the 
Coal India numbers for the month of Jan, that looks quite promising in terms of the production 
numbers. And the last April to Jan numbers was also looking good at more than 15% growth. 
So looking at that, I mean, the biggest worry will be the non-core and the infrastructure 
segment. And since you have already taken the debottlenecking activity, which is volume 
doesn't pick up, don't we see there will be a pressure in the contribution margins, whether in 
Q4 or the coming first quarter of FY '24? 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
Amitabh, Tarun here. Can I take these questions, please? 
Amitabh Bhargava:     
Yes. Yes, please. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Thanks for asking these questions. In fact, even the earlier question on TAN and now the ones 
being asked. In addition to what Amitabh -- so first of all, Amitabh, am I audible clearly? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Great. So just to add to what Amitabh has mentioned so far, and this will help. First is on a 9-
month basis, that's April to December, Amitabh gave the numbers just now on TAN volumes. 
We are up by 4%, okay, compared to last year. That's one thing to keep in mind. So, we are 
better than the last year on volumes. Now if you look at how the demand has been in these 9 
months and what is likely to happen in Q4, which is another question, just some pointers for 
us to understand. In the first six months, that's first half of this financial year, so as we know, 
TAN is a key raw material for manufacturing commercial explosives. And consumption point of 
commercial explosives, as many of you have rightly pointed, are mining and infrastructure 
sectors of our economy. 
So if you look at the first half explosives demand, which drives the TAN demand in the country, 
it has seen a very modest growth of around 1% in India compared to the last year -- compared 
with H1 first half. And this is on the basis of the data available from PESO, which is Petroleum 
and Explosive Safety Organization, the licensing body which governs explosives and ammonium 
nitrate. So explosives production figures first half this year versus last year, that has grown only 
by 1%. 

 
 9 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Now if we look at the third quarter, Q3, although we are still to get that data, but it is quite 
likely that the growth of explosives demand in Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year is also 
going to be quite moderate. And why? Which means first 9 months overall explosives demand 
growth this year versus last year has been moderate. In that moderate situation, our TAN 
volumes have grown by 4% despite all the imports, everything else going on around it. 
Why the demand has been moderate in the first 9 months? Coal has been doing very well, and 
all of you have picked that up. But certainly, there has been a sluggish growth in terms of 
infrastructure, which also drives the demand for cement and steel, which are also mined, as 
we know, where explosives and TAN consumption takes place. So it's been a mixed bag. Coal 
has grown, but the non-coal has not grown. And as a result of which, the explosives demand 
and hence, the TAN demand in the first 9 months have been impacted. 
Now, as Amitabh said in Q4, there is a strong likelihood that while coal will continue to perform 
strongly in order to meet the energy demands of our country, we will have to wait and see how 
the non-coal and the infrastructure sector performs. So, that will drive the -- again, the 
explosives demand in Q4 as well as the TAN demand in Q4. Having said that, I would like to 
underscore what Amitabh said earlier that we are quite confident that on an annual basis as 
we exit this financial year in March this year, our TAN volumes are likely to be higher than last 
year despite a very, very moderate growth in the demand in the country as I explained. So, 
that's on the volume front in order to have a full perspective as to what's causing all this. 
Coming to the margin part. While Amitabh, again, said that the imports from Russia or any 
other country for that matter, they do have a bearing on the pricing of TAN in our market, and 
therefore, a bearing on the margins of TAN, but in addition to this, our Chairman, Mr. Mehta 
mentioned right upfront during his address that TAN business has been working on, what we 
call, as total cost of ownership initiatives. 
In simple terms, layman's perspective, what that means is, we have a team of mining engineers 
completely equipped with latest technology and software and tools and equipment, which we 
deploy at the mining sites and infrastructure sites, and we do a baselining of their existing cost 
of mining and then we come out with solutions. And Chairman also talked about journey from 
products to solutions, customers to consumers, which are the end consumers. And in TAN 
context, the end consumers are the mines and infrastructure projects. 
So as I was saying, our team undertakes these total cost of ownership studies by way of us 
benchmarking the cost of mineral production in these mines, and then come out with ideas 
and solutions to improve the productivity, thereby reducing the overall cost of mining. And 
that then results to another term that our Chairman used earlier on the call, which is value-
based pricing. Because all this cost of reduction in mineral mining is a value to the end 
consumers and we share a part of the value. 
As we deliver that value, naturally, we are entitled to sharing that value as well with the 
consumers. That adds up to the margin line as well. So it's not -- now going forward, TAN 

 
 10 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
margins are not just margins for the sake of TAN as a product, but there is a solutions margin 
we are talking on as well. And a combination of these 3 impacts the overall TAN business 
margin. So hopefully, that explains the kind of efforts and initiatives, which we're undertaking 
to keep margins not just in check, but also grow the margins as we grow along through the 
solutions, while we will keep an eye on the product per se. 
Jatin Damania: 
Amitabh, just a follow-up on the ammonia. I mean in the opening remarks, you said that given 
the current prices, which is expected to remain strong, margins will remain in the range of $300 
to $400 per ton. Is it safe to assume that because earlier we were guiding in the range of $200 
to $250, so is there any benefit that we are getting by revising our guidance across to $300 to 
$400 per ton? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
No. Actually, see at different points in time, we have spoken about these margins, A, in context 
of what was historically the margins were. If we were to go back to the project initial stage, 
where we had -- when we had conceptualized the project, we looked at what was our last 10 
years, 15 years of average cost of ammonia, landed cost of ammonia. And that's where we 
were looking at about $400 to $420 odd of FOB Middle East kind of prices, which, on a landed 
basis was coming to about $500. 
And at that stage, of course, the prices of gas that we were looking at were also -- with that, 
the cost of production would have been somewhere in the range of $300 odd, that is the gas 
and the conversion costs. And then we had also spoken about the 9% GST benefit. So, that 
$500 of transfer pricing effectively would lead to $550. And therefore, $550 minus $300 is $250 
is what we had looked at when we had started the project. And this is, again, from a history 
perspective. 
Now, also we have kind of spoken at different points in time whenever this question has come. 
We've also tried to give a perspective on here and now depending on what the ammonia prices 
and gas prices are, what would that delta or margins would translate to. So, I guess when you 
say that we've earlier talked about $250 that would have been in context of the historical 
numbers. And if the history were to repeat, then that's the kind of margins -- minimum margins 
that we were -- we had kind of estimated. 
But as the gas price and ammonia prices have changed and every quarter there is at least some 
change in the numbers, and particularly gas has been lot more volatile, the numbers that I just 
gave you is where, today, the ammonia prices are in terms of FOB Middle East and the range 
that we are seeing. And also now that we are very close to procuring our gas and based on, at 
least the 40% that we have procured, we have some better estimate of where -- based on 
today's ammonia prices, what those margins are going to be. 
That said, I have also mentioned that both these are commodity in which will undergo change 
as we see in coming quarters. This is, again, a project, which we are looking at it from a 20-
year, 30-year perspective. So both ammonia and gas will go through its commodity cycle. So 
when I said $350 or $300 to $400, we are looking at, based on the current prices of ammonia 

 
 11 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
and gas prices. And we have seen some of that remaining, at least medium term, those are the 
numbers that are likely to sustain. 
It's anybody's guess where gas prices are. I mean, the way gas prices and ammonia have sharply 
corrected and the kind of storage that this winter, Europe would end up with, so all you know 
the gas prices -- spot prices of gas may sharply correct. So, I'm not getting into that prognosis. 
What I'm telling you is more in terms of where ammonia and gas deltas are looking based on 
what we can foresee. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sure, Amitabh. So based on the numbers that you stated, so on the rated capacity, is it fair to 
assume that in FY '25, we will be doing somewhere about incremental EBITDA of INR 900 crores 
to INR 1,200 crores only from ammonia? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Well, again, those are the numbers. They are doable. And I don't want to give -- till we tie up 
100% of our gas and we have a sense on what the underlying benchmarks to which our gas is 
tied up, I wouldn't try to give one figure or a narrow range. But yes, these numbers what you 
have just quoted seem plausible. 
Moderator: 
 We'll take the next question from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla Sun Life 
AMC. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Some clarification, sir. Firstly, just wanted to hear from you, what was the thought process 
behind setting up our ammonia project? If I understand this correctly, earlier we were 
importing ammonia, now we are fighting for gas. So it is not helping us to at least reduce the 
volatility in the business. In fact, it is creating a slight more problem because gas would typically 
be more volatile, plus the seller of gas, the supplier would be much more stronger than the 
ammonia suppliers and you have to sign a contract versus the TAN product, I believe, is a spot 
business. So it's bringing more volatility to the business. Can you explain this, sir? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
See, one is I just mentioned and I just explained in terms of numbers, the rationale -- economic 
rationale, financial rationale of going for an ammonia in-house as opposed to buying it from 
our Middle East sources. So, we looked at the historical numbers and we have seen different 
cycles of both gas and ammonia. And to that extent, it's kind of -- from an economic rationale, 
we could see that it makes sense, the kind of contribution margins that we make in ammonia. 
That was one. 
But more importantly, ammonia, see, when we are importing ammonia from -- largely from 
Middle East sources, we've been seeing significant challenges in the overall logistics. As you 
know, even as much as we've seen volatility in commodity, we also saw a lot of uncertainty 
around the freight aspect of any commodity that you import, getting the ocean freight in terms 
of availability of ships and also the volatility we saw in the transportation costs. So it's not as 
though the import of ammonia was without any uncertainty, particularly on the logistics. 

 
 12 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Also JNPT, we have seen, with our experience, particularly as the volumes are growing, not just 
for us, but even for the other players, JNPT has seen significant congestion. And as a result, 
we've lost a number of days of volume of our products because of those disruptions, the 
demurrage that we have paid because of delayed berthing, etc. Also, the overall storage 
capacities in JNPT haven't enhanced. And as we grow our volume, we needed more certainty 
around our raw materials. 
The third aspect which is also a sustainability aspect, environmental aspect, is also that as we 
move tankers and literally hundreds of thousands of tankers from JNPT to Taloja by road, there 
will always -- as the volumes were growing, there was also a risk of -- while we had not -- in last 
40 years, we've not seen any mishap, so you can't take historical data for granted. As the 
volumes were growing, we were also inhabited area, we wanted to avoid any environmental 
mishap from a sustainability of plant perspective pipe ammonia just across the road is a lot 
more sustainable from a 30, 40-year operation standpoint, then lugging the tankers from JNPT 
to Taloja. 
So, that was another aspect and risk that we had identified. And overall, if you see, when we 
had, in fact, conceptualized, we had largely looked at LNG as the base source of gas, but we 
are seeing domestic sources of gas and significant amount of gas coming up from domestic 
sources. And to that extent, in fact, if at all the availability of gas and even the risks related to 
gas has only come down as opposed to what we had seen when we had conceptualized the 
project. So it's a combination of sustainability, a combination of raw material, security of raw 
materials that practically drives 80% of our manufacturing, combined with the economics of 
this. 
And also we need to understand that unlike, maybe a manufacturing facility which is only a 
fertiliser capacity which requires ammonia, we have a good mix of chemicals and fertilisers. 
And chemicals ability -- chemical sectors, the ability to withstand volatility in raw material 
prices is a lot better than compared to fertiliser. And to that extent, it made sense to feed our 
chemical and fertiliser business with our in-house ammonia as opposed to continuing to 
depend on larger and larger volumes on imported ammonia. And I think the point I had 
mentioned earlier as well in our earlier calls is that we've also received a very attractive -- 
Maharashtra Government gave us a very attractive sort of scheme or concession in terms of 
SGST reimbursement till we recover 75% of our capex. That added to the economics of the 
financial viability of the project. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Secondly, on the TAN demand in domestic market, so what is the domestic requirement for 
this product and what percentage of the requirement would be for the import? And if there is 
a meaningful import, what is the reason?  
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, I think the overall demand is somewhere between 1.1 million tons to 1.2 million tons. That 
is TAN's requirement. Roughly today about 25% of this demand is met through imports. We've 
seen disruption in import for safety and security reasons. We have seen disruptions because 
of trade from certain regions, particularly the Black Sea region and we saw the disruptions in 

 
 13 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Black Sea trade. So, there have been many instances in last two years to three years for 
different reasons where there have been disruptions in import of TAN. And that is anybody's 
guess whether given the geopolitical situation, and also I think the whole trade situation hasn't 
normalized. Some of those disruptions may continue. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
So we import 25% is because.... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Naushad, may we request you to join the question queue, sir? We have 
several participants waiting. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Just a follow-up on the previous question. 
Amitabh Bhargava:                 The consumers who import 25%, we as manufacturers are not... 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Yes. Is it because of the pricing benefit or because we don't have capacity that's why we 
import? 
Amitabh Bhargava:                 No, we don't have capacity. There is a capacity gap of 25%. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take the next question from the line of Darshita from Antique Broking. 
Darshita Shah: 
I wanted to understand what is fueling the prices of ammonium nitrate? As you mentioned in 
your opening remarks, I think that we have seen an increase even on sequential basis. So what 
is fueling the ammonium nitrate prices, A, especially when ammonia prices have fallen 
significantly in the recent time? 
And secondly, what is the kind of differential are we seeing with respect to the domestic and 
international prices? So if you could probably give some idea on the Russian imports that came 
in during the quarter? What was the pricing differential over there? Or was it largely the same 
as the price at which we are selling? 
Amitabh Bhargava:                 Tarun, would you like to take that question? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Yes. I will answer the second question first about the pricing differential. So basically, we need 
to just understand that the ammonium nitrate which is imported in India is of a different quality 
and that is called as fertiliser-grade ammonium nitrate, whereas what we make in Smartchem 
Technologies is called as technical ammonium nitrate, which is why it is called as TAN as an 
acronym. And the fundamental difference between the two is the purity aspect. 
So technical grade is a much more pure form of ammonium nitrate, which means it adds to the 
efficiency in the downstream operations as that TAN is being used compared to when the 
fertiliser-grade ammonium nitrate is used. And there is a additional cost that the users have to 
bear and incur when they process the fertiliser-grade ammonium nitrate, which is imported. 
Secondly, because of the reasons Amitabh mentioned earlier, the disruptions off and on that 
take place on the imported front compared to that as a domestic manufacturer, we provide 

 
 14 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
security of supply. And now with ammonia, our own ammonia plant coming up, which was 
discussed at length today, it will give us even more security of supply to our customers and 
consumers. So in view of all of this; first, quality; second, security of supply, and then added to 
that as I was mentioning earlier on the call that we bring in. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. So the third one is also which I mentioned earlier on this call, which is we bringing the 
total cost of ownership initiative as a value to the consumers. So if we add these 3 factors 
together; quality, security of supply and value addition to the mining operation, that then 
drives the pricing part of our own TAN compared to the imported TAN. And therefore, as more 
and more of this is being perceived by the consumers and customers, you know our premium 
which is the delta that was the question between imported and our own, keeps going up. So 
that's how we look at it and that's how our customers are looking at it and willing to pay us the 
premium. 
I was not sure about the first question maybe because of the line problem at my end. Could 
you repeat the first question for me, please? 
Darshita Shah: 
 
Yes. I... 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
It was the delta part. Yes. 
Darshita Shah: 
Yes, that largely answers the delta part. Sir, I just -- like just one small clarification. So the kind 
of TAN that -- the kind of ammonium nitrate or TAN as you mentioned that we produce, that 
is not imported in India at all? 
Tarun Sinha: 
That's correct. We make technical grade ammonium nitrate whereas the imported one is 
fertiliser-grade ammonium nitrate. 
Darshita Shah: 
Also the second question was on outlook of TAN pricing. So if you could provide some outlook 
for 4Q and FY '24? 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
For Q4, is that what it is? 
Darshita Shah: 
 
So Q4 -- so one on 4Q and FY '24 and also what kind of.... 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
FY '24. Yes. 
Darshita Shah: 
And FY '24. And secondly, what kind of discount is usually there between our TAN versus the 
imported TAN? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. So in terms of the outlook again, we look at the macros first because that drives the 
explosives demand and then that in turn drives the TAN demand. When it comes to the macro 
environment, again, the 2 sectors that our TAN business caters to are mining and infrastructure 
sectors. In mining, coal is a big chunk. So, we have already talked about it. Coal is poised to 

 
 15 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
grow in order to meet our energy demands. So, that's a good sign for our business going 
forward in Q4 of this financial year as well as in FY '24. 
As far as the infrastructure sector is concerned, again, now the new budget has been 
announced. Government has committed lot of funds to drive the infrastructure projects in our 
country. So fundamentally, as the infrastructure grows, there are three things which drive the 
TAN demand very quickly, so that we're all okay. One is whenever there is an infrastructure 
project, which involves some sort of a construction work also, it needs the cement. So the more 
of infrastructure projects, more is cement demand and cement comes from limestone mining. 
So again, cement demand drives the demand for limestone mining, that in turn requires 
explosives and that in turn requires TAN. So, that's one form in which infrastructure drives the 
TAN demand. 
Second form in which infrastructure grows -- drives the TAN demand is in the form of steel 
because, again, lot of construction work requires steel, and steel comes from iron ore mining. 
Again, iron ore mining requires iron ore to be blasted off using explosives, and that in turn 
drives the TAN demand. Even otherwise, steel is used in other applications as well, which is in 
addition to the infrastructure, and more of steel demand in India would mean more of the iron 
ore mining and then more of explosives and TAN. 
And the third aspect of infrastructure is rock aggregates. Wherever construction takes place, 
there are stone chips, rock aggregates which are used. Where do they come from? They come 
from what we call as quarrying operations, stone quarrying which are in thousands of numbers 
on a pan-India basis. So more of construction works for infrastructure demand means more of 
rock aggregate requirement. And those rock aggregates come from stone quarries and that's 
where rock has to be blasted off using explosives, which in turn requires TAN. So, these are the 
macros of mining and infrastructure. And as I said earlier, on both these fronts, we are 
anticipating a reasonable growth going forward. If you look at -- if you want to look at a certain 
number as a direction, broadly, we anticipate that over the next years, 2-year, 3-year, 4-year 
kind of a horizon, the growth should be in the range of 5% to 6% on a CAGR basis. Okay? 
Darshita Shah: 
 
For the pricing or overall? 5% to 6% on.... 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
Overall. This is the demand part. 
Darshita Shah: 
 
Okay. Demand. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Pricing, I've already explained. It is a function of a lot of things, and that continues to basically 
drive the pricing of our product. 
Darshita Shah: 
 
Right. And -- yes, just on the.... 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. May we request you to join the question queue, please? 

 
 16 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Darshita Shah: 
No. It was just the follow -- like it was I'm just repeating the question I have already asked. The 
differential between the domestic and international prices and secondly, why is the ammonium 
nitrate price still on such elevated levels, despite ammonia falling down significantly? That's all 
from me. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. So again, differential between international and domestic, I've talked about, 3 factors; 
quality, security of supply and value-based pricing. That determines the delta between 
international and domestic. 
Darshita Shah: 
I'm just trying to understand the pricing differential, as and if you could mention how much the 
delta there is? 
Tarun Sinha: 
We can't -- unfortunately, we can't give that number because it's a commercially-sensitive 
information. So that's something which can't be shared here. But at least I have given you the 
drivers.... 
Darshita Shah: 
 
Right. That helps. 
Tarun Sinha: 
which is determining the delta and the extent of the delta. And your other question with 
whatever happens to ammonia and then how is that linked to the TAN pricing. Again, I'll go 
back to the same thing, which I mentioned earlier that while there is a complete pass-on of the 
ammonia cost to our customers and consumers by way of TAN pricing, but that's not where we 
stop in terms of TAN pricing. TAN pricing is done on the basis of quality, security of supply and 
the value-based pricing aspect. 
Moderator: 
 
 We'll take the next question from the line of Shree Krishna from JM Financial. 
Shree Krishna: 
So in October last year, government had come up with this policy called One Nation One 
Fertiliser policy. So, I just wanted to understand what is the impact on that in this quarter? 
Amitabh Bhargava:                  Yes. In this quarter, you mean Q3, what is the impact? 
Shree Krishna: 
 
Yes, Q3. Yes. 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Actually, my colleague is not with me who is heading the fertiliser business. So, I'm not very 
sure from which date that policy has kicked in. But just to give you a sense that while, initially, 
I think there was a lack of clarity on what exactly it would entail in terms of the bag design, etc. 
But what we know and what we've implemented is that besides -- apart one side of the bag 
where there is a prescribed space where it has to reflect government's Urvarak Yojana kind of 
details. There is roughly, if I'm not wrong, about 1/3 or a little more than 1/3 of the space is 
where the product specifications, the name of the company and our logo and brand is also 
printed on that. 
So to that extent, in fact, while there is -- all bags carry one uniform kind of, I would say, the 
write up, which government has prescribed. There is also a space where the companies are 

 
 17 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
free to kind of display their brand logo and the product details. So to that extent, it hasn't really 
-- I mean, we haven't seen any significant impact, if at all. I think we've given that -- for us, a lot 
of the work that we've done at the trial level is to really generate the awareness about our 
products and the sort of additional benefit that our product or our Croptek and Smartek 
product has -- in terms of yield, in terms of shape, size, color that it has shown in various trials. 
To that extent, we have focused mostly working on the farm trials, also working with Sarathi 
farmers, group of farmers. And that our marketing and sales strategy hasn't changed. What has 
changed is just the display part of the bag and there also, as I said, we have -- government has 
allowed us to display our brand and logo. 
Shree Krishna: 
So basically, it did not impact your margins much. Basically, that's what you're trying to say. 
Amitabh Bhargava:             
Yes. 
Moderator: 
 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Pratik from Systematix. 
Pratik: 
 
                 Am I audible? 
Amitabh Bhargava:                 Yes. 
Moderator: 
 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Pratik: 
Yes. So, sir, on the TAN business, you had stated that we have to see the margin as a function 
of your product as well as solution. So if the solution part will have a higher margin as compared 
to the product, is my understanding correct? 
Tarun Sinha: 
 
So, I can take that question, Amitabh, if you want. 
Amitabh Bhargava:                  Yes, please. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay.So, as our Chairman again mentioned right in the beginning of the call, that as a group, 
we have embarked upon this transformation journey of products to solutions. And this has 
been a journey which has -- in TAN business, which has been started about a year or 18 months 
back. So, we are in the early stages of that. We are basically helping our consumers to 
understand that this is another way -- one of the ways we can help them reduce their cost of 
mining or mineral production. So in the initial stages, in the seeding stages of any new initiative 
technology, the margins are low. But certainly, as we go along, the solutions margins are likely 
to become much higher and not just on a percentage basis, but also in the overall margin pie 
of the TAN business. 
Pratik: 
Okay. Sir, just a follow-up on this. Do you have the bifurcation between how much solutions 
you have provided? 
Amitabh Bhargava:                 We are not reporting our numbers. We are not reporting any separate number. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Abhimanyu Kasliwal from Choice Equity. 

 
 18 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Wonderful. Sir, my question regarding the incremental EBITDA has been more or less satisfied. 
I do understand that next year or next to next year, we can expect a good amount of maybe 
INR 500 crores to INR 1,000 crores EBITDA. But my question, sir, is regarding Deepak Mining 
and Smartchem, the internal divisions that we've had. Could this be like a preceding step to 
perhaps a demerger going forward, which can lead to substantial value unlocking? What can 
you tell us, sir? 
Amitabh Bhargava: 
So, I think our Chairman also spoke about it. The fundamental rationale for the demerger that 
we have proposed, of course, it is going to go through the NCLT process, is to, right, from the 
Board down to the employee who is facing the customer. Now that these -- both these 
businesses have attained critical mass, we would want the Board, as well as the entire org 
structure, the incentive structure, everything has to be aligned such that this entire workforce 
can focus on management, can focus on that particular business. 
And that's the whole rationale that once CNB and TAN becomes separate and it has an 
independent Board. And today, they are all part of one single company. So therefore, even the 
various incentive structure for employees is, in a way, gets co-mingled. But once you have 2 
separate businesses with their own org structure and their own business levers, the entire 
Board, right from Board to the employees, the sales force can focus on the deliverables 
required for that particular business. And I think that's really the fundamental rationale. And 
that, obviously, logically speaking should lead to better outcome. 
As far as value unlocking is concerned, what it also allows us to do is to raise capital for growth 
in these entities independently because some of the strategic or financial investors who may 
be interested in one business may not necessarily be interested in the other. And to that extent, 
separation of these two allow us to get both strategic and financial partners on board, which 
could accelerate the growth. So sum and substance of it is, yes, it certainly will unlock value, a 
better quality, a better focus, better -- increased sources of capital for growth. Beyond that, I 
think what would we do with each of these entities in terms of the remaining unlisted or going 
listed, it's too early for us to comment on that. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Fair enough. But this definitely could be on the cards. I mean, when we've demerged the two 
entities, we'll probably list the two entities while give a 1:1 for the existing shareholders. And 
that is a possibility I'm presuming in the next year or two maybe? Or you would like -- not like 
to.... 
Amitabh Bhargava:    
I wouldn't comment anything on that. 
Abhimanyu Kasliwal: 
Okay. Well, I had to try, sir. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Amitabh Bhargava for closing comments. Thank you. And over to you, 
sir. 

 
 19 | P a g e  
 
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY2023 • www.dfpcl.com  
Amitabh Bhargava: 
Well, thank you, everyone, for those incisive questions and for your participation. For any 
further queries or clarifications, please do get in touch with our Investor Relationship team. 
And thank you so much. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
                                                                                       
          
            Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
        CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to DFPCL’s future 
business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and 
future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors 
could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not 
limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and 
interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing 
with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL 
undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
 
Deepak Balwani  
Associate Vice President – Investor Relations 
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com  
+91 20 6645 8733 
 
Ashok Negi/Rajiv Pandya 
Churchgate Partners 
deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com  
+91 22 6169 5988 
