 
 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
 
Sub.:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on February 06, 2023. 
 
This is for your information & Records. 
 
 
For PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanchay Dubey) 
Company Secretary 
 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533581 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: PGEL 
Sanchay 
Dubey
Digitally signed by 
Sanchay Dubey 
Date: 2023.02.08 
12:37:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“PG Electroplast Limited Q3 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL GUPTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR (FINANCE), 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED. 
MR. VIKAS GUPTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR (OPERATIONS), 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED. 
MR. PRAMOD GUPTA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED. 
MODERATOR 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL - PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED. 
 
 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PG Electroplast Limited, Q3 
FY'23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
During this call, the Company may make certain forward-looking statements based 
on the currently held beliefs of the management of the Company, which are 
expressed in good faith and in the management's opinion are reasonable. The 
forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainty 
and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance or achievements of the company or industry to differ materially from 
those in forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent 
only the Company's current intentions, beliefs or expectations and any forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it was made. The Company 
assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from PhillipCapital (India) 
Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you Mr. Agarwal. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, all. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, I welcome 
you all to PG Electroplast Limited, Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. Today we 
have with us senior management represented by Mr. Vishal Gupta - Managing 
Director (Finance), Mr. Vikas Gupta – Managing Director (Operations) and Mr. 
Pramod Gupta - Chief Financial Officer. 
Without taking much of time, I would like to handle the flow to the management 
for their opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thanks, and 
over to you, sir. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for sparing your valuable time and joining this 
call today. I hope all of you are doing well. 
I am joined on this call by Mr. Vikas Gupta – our Managing Director, Operations 
and Mr. Pramod Gupta – our CFO. We have already shared our Results Presentation 
earlier and hope you would have gone through that. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Nine months of FY'23 has been another milestone for PG. There is significant 
growth over FY'22 numbers, the revenue grew 121% and crossed Rs. 1,320 crore 
with products business leading the show with a 55% share. EBITDA increased by 
153% and stood at Rs. 103.5 crore, and net profit rose 281% with Rs. 37 crore. 
Product business crossed Rs. 720 crore in the first nine months of FY'23 with room 
AC business contributing Rs. 497 crores which is a 431% year-on-year growth. The 
washing machine business for the nine months had a YoY growth of 80% with a 
Company selling over 360,000 washing machines in the period. Order book for 
product business remains robust and that Company is on track to scale the product 
business significantly in FY'23 and FY'24. 
This year’s capacity expansion projects have already concluded and begun mass 
production. CAPEX guidance for FY'23 is being maintained in the range of Rs. 135 
crore to Rs. 140 crore. And Company has already doubled its washing machine and 
air-cooler capacity while also further expanded room AC capacity with 200,000 
indoor units per month and 100,000 outdoor units per month. And the new PCB 
assembly facility for RAC controllers in our Supa factory has also begun mass 
production. 
We are also increasing our sales guidance to at least Rs. 2,000 crore, which is a 
growth of 82% over FY'22 consolidated sales and operating profit guidance of at 
least Rs. 140 crore, which is a growth of 88% over FY'22 operating profit of Rs. 
74.5 crores. 
PG’s new product offerings in washing machines and room ACs have received very 
good response from the customers. The Company is focusing its efforts towards 
developing the products that help in maintaining cost leadership, while also striving 
for product leadership. The company continues to see increased interest for business 
from new and existing clients. And we remain very confident on the future growth 
prospects of the business. 
With this now, I would like to hand over the call to our colleague, Mr. Pramod 
Gupta, our CFO to elaborate on the financials. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Hello, and good afternoon everyone. I am sure all of you have seen the financials 
in details already. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
We had a very good scale-up during the first nine months from operations point of 
view. Our net sales for the quarter are up almost 75% at Rs. 457.9 crores. EBITDA 
grew 114.3% at Rs. 38.17 crores and net profit rose 148% to Rs. 17.4 crore. During 
the period operating margins have improved due to cost control, also due to lower 
commodity prices and operating leverage which has lifted the AC business 
especially. 
On the balance sheet side, I want to highlight that we have had debt increase of 
about Rs. 1.36 billion which is Rs. 136 crores in the first nine months, largely due 
to completion of CAPEX which was funded partially by the debt, and also increase 
in working capital. This increase in working capital has happened largely because 
we pulled up some of the inventories for the strong AC season which we are 
expecting, and also because there was a murmur in the month of 
November/December that China may open up completely which they did finally, 
and we were suspecting that it could lead to some problems later on, which did not 
happen incidentally. So, we actually pulled up some inventory and that has led to 
some higher working capital during the last quarter. 
I want to highlight here that the debt increase has largely been on account of 
working capital debt. In fact, if you look at it from the long-term borrowing has 
actually increased quarter-on-quarter by only Rs. 29 crores, while the working 
capital debt has actually increased by almost Rs. 68 crores during this quarter. And 
that is largely because of this inventory, pulling up issue as well as very sharp ramp-
up which we had in the AC business in the month of December. Also, because, we 
are grieving the guidance to Rs. 2,000 crores, we will be having a little higher than 
expected or initially budgeted working capital for the full year. And that's why the 
debt has been looking higher, but we hope that over the next quarter the working 
capital cycle will improve further from here. 
With this I open the floor for question-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with a question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Bala Murali, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Bala Murali: 
I would like to know about long term view of the Company over four- or five-years 
origin by assuming that the industry will grow at a significant rates. So, in what 
kind of position our Company in four, five years origin? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Vishal Gupta: 
Let me tell you, see for next four, five years, I can give you a very general statement 
in the sense that Company have a very strong conviction in India growth story, and 
India consumption. As an economy grows and the per capita income improves and 
purchasing power improves for the people, the consumers then the products what 
we are dealing in, incidentally the penetration levels are very low in India market 
and there is a very big and vast potential of the growth. 
So, we see a very strong potential in that growth which is actually supported by the 
government policies where the government is now pushing for import substitution 
and is ensuring that whatever is being sold in India has to be made in India. So, all 
these factors, import substitution, government policy supports, PLI schemes and the 
general growth in the Indian economy, and the growth in the per capita and the 
purchasing power of Indian consumers will actually lead to a very secular growth 
for next four, five years. That is our strong belief. And that is why Company is 
preparing itself for this growth opportunity. The company is heavily invested in the 
capabilities and the capacities to take benefit of all such opportunities which may 
arise in future. 
Bala Murali: 
And one more thing I want to know about FY'24, are there any CAPEX plans 
already made and any new products you are going to introduce or any backward 
integration? 
Vishal Gupta: 
In FY'24, see, we will be doing a CAPEX of Rs. 125 crore to Rs. 130 crores, that is 
the basic CAPEX what we have planned right now. The Company is looking at new 
product categories also as and when those projects materialize we will further 
update the market on that. As of now, the CAPEX guidance is around Rs. 100 crore 
to Rs. 150 crores for FY'24 as and when new product categories or anything which 
is being discussed internally something forms up, we will update the market on that. 
Bala Murali: 
And lastly on any guidance for FY'24 based on the capacity almost doubled for air-
conditioner and washing machines --? 
Vishal Gupta: 
FY'24 numbers are being worked up right now internally. It will take another three 
months to four months to firm up those numbers. And we will be sharing those 
numbers maybe in the June quarter, we will be sharing those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kartik Jain, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Kartik Jain: 
I have a couple of questions on the TV business. I think your TV business has grown 
significantly in this quarter, I think it represents about 12% of the overall revenue 
for this quarter as I can see in the presentation. Can you just put some more light on 
that business, how the growth prospects are and how are you planning to increase 
that business? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, Kartik, so, TV business is something that we reentered only a year back, it is 
not more than 12 months old for us. So, we were at a small base in FY'22 as 
compared to that to FY'23 that is the reason the growth is looking impressive, 
because the base for the FY'22 was very small. And going forward, we feel that 
again, we are confident that in the TV segment as well the business for us should 
grow. We are discussing with various clients, regional and national level brands for 
the TV manufacturing for them. So, I think going forward the TV business will also 
grow in FY'24 as well. 
Kartik Jain: 
And regarding your AC business, so, the majority of the CAPEX that you are doing 
is for which product line, is it for the AC, is it for the coolers, is it for the TV units, 
can you just give us some more details about where the CAPEX has really been? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See the majority of the CAPEX has been done for AC business and washing 
machine business. Out of the total Rs. 130 crore CAPEX till now which we have 
done, almost Rs. 90 crores is for AC business and about Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 
crores is for washing machine and rest is for the other component -- 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhineet Anand from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Abhineet Anand: 
First I want to understand what was our overall utilization in the RAC part, in the 
first nine months? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, utilization is difficult especially because we do not maintain the utilization on 
a monthly or a quarterly basis in the Company, but I can tell you that in the 
offseason typically the utilization level falls very badly. And last quarter if you see 
now, for the whole quarter, the AC business had at a total turnover of only Rs. 50 
crores odd, but this quarter that has moved up significantly, because of the month 
of December itself only. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
And the current utilization levels till March are likely to be in the range of 85% to 
90% in the AC business. But, after March we will be able to comment only how the 
tertiary sales actually take place. So, on an overall basis typically, in the AC 
business 55% to 60% is the capacity utilization which is optimal as per our 
experience of last year that we see happen over a full year. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Yes, I understand that because of the seasonality the utilization will be low, maybe 
50% to 60%. So, what is the 80% to 85% that you talked about? 
Vishal Gupta: 
Right now, the utilization on the total expanded capacity is 80-85% 
Abhineet Anand: 
Okay, you are saying 4Q. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Second is I mean from your understanding of, in the RAC market have you seen 
demand coming back, majority of the brand what are they expecting in terms of the 
upcoming summer? 
Vishal Gupta: 
You know, right now, as everyone knows, right now is the primary sales which is 
happening in the sense the brands are pushing material to the dealer and distributor 
network. Tertiary sales or secondary sales will start happening from the third or 
fourth week of March, when some summer sets in the South India, it starts from 
there South India. So, as of now people are expecting good season, good summers, 
but things will become more clearer and we will have better picture once by third 
or fourth week of March only. But as of now, the industry as a whole is pushing for 
a good growth this year. 
Abhineet Anand: 
In the AC industry from across brands we understand that looks to be slightly, quite 
a bit of competition there. I mean, there are players which are probably trying to 
gain market share through aggressive branding, aggressive pricing, which has been 
prevalent for last few quarters. I mean, as of now, you feel that this situation is 
continuing or any subjectivity around that if you can throw some light. 
Vishal Gupta: 
See we can share our limited knowledge with you on that, but there are certain 
brands who are aggressively pursuing a market share gains strategy. And once they 
are doing that, so, they will have to be aggressive on prices and be aggressive on 
advertising and other thing, so that they are able to increase their market share that 
is there. So, some brands are trying to do that, we are seeing that thing in the market. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Abhineet Anand: 
And lastly from RAC sale of this around Rs. 500 crore of sales in nine months, this 
consists of RAC plus components, right. 
Vishal Gupta: 
See this is purely RAC sales. 
Pramod Gupta: 
RAC product sale for three components. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Where does the components lie? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Components lie in the plastic molding of our business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from 
Burman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
My question was regarding the washing machine segment. Firstly, apologies if I 
missed the volume number in the presentation, if you could just disclose oh I think 
the volume is given, that's it. Regarding the washing machine demand environment, 
if you could just give us your comments on how the demand is shaping up? And 
how you are scaling up in the different segments, which is semi-auto versus auto? 
And any comments on your market share movement in the last quarter? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Volume side, I will just clarify, in the first nine months we have done about 3.6 lakh 
volumes till now. And in the 3rd Quarter we did about 111,000 volumes. 
Vikas Gupta: 
So, when we talk about the forecast for the near-term period, I think the market 
sentiment is looking quite strong, the kind of forecasts or the kind of a roadmap that 
we have from our clients, we see a sharp pickup in the demand for this washing 
machines from June onwards. Typically, the high season for washing machine starts 
with the onset of the monsoon, and it starts picking up, the Diwali is one big season 
for washing machine sales, then there is a sales happening during the winter also. 
So, it starts tapering off from the month of December onwards. So, what we see as 
of now, we are in discussion with our clients and we see strong growth for the 
washing machines, as we have already doubled our capacity that is based on certain 
assumptions, on certain discussions with our clients, where we are seeing a further 
ramp up of the volume with the existing clients, where we are seeing increased share 
of wallet from their side and we have added quite a few new clients also as well. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Could you please give the volume of ACs in this quarter, IDU versus ODU? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, then I will just share with you, just a minute. The IDU number is about 193,000 
and outdoor units number is about 62,000. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
And did you receive any state incentive this quarter? 
Pramod Gupta: 
No, this quarter, just on the older investment, in the parent company PGEL, we 
continue to basically receive the state incentive. 
Vishal Gupta: 
See we are in the process of completing our investment in PG Technoplast, the 
wholly-owned subsidiary in Supa. And we already have a in principle approval 
from the Government of Maharashtra. We will make our application in FY'24 after 
completing our investment and apply for those benefits in the parent company, 
which is there for the last many years, now in Supa only. We continue to get those 
benefits from the Maharashtra government. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
And I just have one last question, you reported 7.8% EBITDA margins in this 
quarter. Just wanted to check in case there was any one-offs in this margin. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Well, there is no one-off, actually last quarter, if you see we had a negative 
operating leverage of the AC business because we had a small loss in the operating, 
in the AC business because of the seasonality. This quarter all the businesses had 
profitability and operating leverage turned on the positive side in the AC business. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
In case I can squeeze in one more question. Your net debt is around Rs. 472 crores 
right now. By Q4 end would you expect it to go up or down? 
Pramod Gupta: 
We have already given guidance for the full year; debt is likely to be probably in 
the same range or maybe Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 20 crores plus minus I will say. The 
reason is we are having a very high inventory level for the season and we actually 
are hoping that receivables will be able to control, most of the CAPEX is already 
done. So, the working capital loan should probably be in the same range. And we 
do not foresee any increase in the term loans. 
Vishal Gupta: 
See what happens because of the last quarter we have had such a sharp ramp up in 
our sales. So, working capital numbers will be a little tweak. In fact, by the June 
quarter, June end those numbers will start normalizing, but in March end numbers 
you will see at similar levels what we are seeing right now. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Do you see an increase in interest cost, would that have contributed? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Pramod Gupta: 
No interest rates, we are getting our market rate only about 9% of the cost of 
borrowing. And if obviously the bank rate increases, then we will see probably 
some increase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Teena Virmani: 
My question is regarding the pricing strategy that you have mentioned about certain 
brands which are aggressively pursuing this market share gains strategy. Now, this 
could be a near-term scenario that we may see, but how do you see the long-term 
realization movement for both even the AC players and the ODM players moving 
out, given that there is a scope in the industry also to grow and everybody is also 
expanding capacity. So, how would the situation pan out, over a slightly longer 
period of time when the capacities are in place and the realization for both AC 
players as well as ODM players like you and other players in the industry? 
Vishal Gupta: 
So, you are trying to put up two questions, how the brands are going to play in the 
next two, three years? And how ODM people like us are going to play in the next 
two, three years once the capacities are in place, and they are fully operational, right. 
So, see it will be very difficult for us to really answer the question from the brands 
perspective, but as per the information or the knowledge that we gather from the 
industry people, there are certain brands who have a very aggressive market share 
gains strategy, that is why they are pursuing those aggressive pricing. And they 
hope to follow that for at least this season, they are hoping to follow this strategy. 
In case of ODM players like us, being a seasonal business, I will tell you, it's very 
evident, the brands, the people who are putting up their factories, and some brands 
are also putting up their factories and some ODM players are also expanding their 
capacities. But being seasonal in nature the pricing, there is not much of the pricing 
play in the ODM sector in the sense, because when clients are buying a product of 
Rs. 20,000 from any ODM player, so anything I mean Rs. 100, Rs. 200, Rs. 300 
difference doesn't make much of impact to them, they are actually focusing more 
on timely delivery and quality. 
So, quality and delivery is very important. Cost is exactly, you know, not exactly 
means it’s a industry given, it's a buyer’s market, it’s a not a seller's market we agree 
on that. But let me tell you, that Rs. 200, Rs. 300 on Rs. 20,000 product doesn't 
make much of a difference provided your customer can derive comfort from your 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
capabilities of delivering a quality product on their time, as and when they want and 
the flexibility is there. So, it's very, I can't answer this question in a very simple 
manner. So, that is a way I have given you this explanation. 
Teena Virmani: 
So, even on a longer-term basis, this may remain more or less similar to what all 
the ODM players are currently getting from the brand. 
Vishal Gupta: 
I will tell you what strategy as a Company we are trying to follow. We are trying to 
follow cost leadership. We are trying to, the plant, what we have put up in Supa, is 
the most backward integrated, single location plant and one of the largest single 
location AC manufacturing facilities in India right now. The basic idea is to derive 
cost leadership from all the synergies, if you are making all components in-house 
and you are not spending money on packing and forwarding of those components 
to make ACs, that is one thing, you know that is what we are trying to do right now. 
So, if we are able to drive cost leadership, one point. 
And the second point, what we believe as a team, what we tell our team members, 
actually we are not selling any product, we are selling a service. What product we 
are offering is not much different from the product being offered by our 
competition, but what can differentiate us from our competition is the kind of 
delivery or kind of service we are able to offer to our customers. And that is why 
we are able to increase our market share in this competitive scenario because of the 
service aspect of this business what we are trying to highlight. 
Teena Virmani: 
So, what would be your current market share or maybe FY'23 closing market share 
approximately among the ODM players if one were to analyze that? 
Vishal Gupta: 
Teena, I wouldn’t like to speculate on those numbers, because it's a very early, it’s 
a second year of operations only for us. So, I don't think we will not be in the right 
position to answer this question, right now. 
Teena Virmani: 
And one last question is on the incremental margin benefit that can come through 
from your new capacities which are primarily led by the PLI CAPEX. So, without 
taking into account any PLI incentive, what could be the data gain in margins that 
you can accrue from this entire backward integration expansion that you already 
have done? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Pramod Gupta: 
Margins are likely to be largely in the same range as they are because some of the 
benefits that we had talked about of backward integration are largely there. And we 
don't focus so much on the margins, per se, although we are, as Vishal Ji explained, 
we have a clear focus on cost leadership. The whole focus of the organization is to 
actually increase the throughput, and actually have a much better asset term. So, 
actually, I keep on telling this to all the investors and I will repeat again for the 
benefit that in our business margins are actually an outcome of the many of the 
things, one of the very big important thing is actually the commodity prices during 
that time. Now in this quarter, we had slightly lower commodity prices that actually 
are helping the margin percentage. Although whatever money we get to make an 
AC, as our gross contribution is actually very similar to what we were getting last 
year, or in the last quarter, that has not changed. 
Second thing is if we can actually increase our asset churns and do more throughput 
from the same plant that is actually going to let us make, actually give us much 
more advantage than actually focusing probably on 10, 20 basis points of margin. 
And that is what has been our strategy. And if you look at in our case, we have 
probably invested close to till now Rs. 200 plus crores, and in the very second year, 
we are expecting a turnover in the AC product business of almost Rs. 900 plus crore, 
which is our asset churns of 4.5, which we think is very good in manufacturing, 
contract manufacturing business like us. And that has been our strategy on all the 
product side where we are working and only focusing to increase the asset 
throughput to improve our RoCE and not actually very focused on the margin 
percentage per se. 
Teena Virmani: 
And as and when your other segments apart from washing machine when they start 
expanding, let’s say for example, if TV expands than probably your asset churns 
can improve further? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, so TV actually is a very small business as of now for us only this year we will 
probably do close to Rs. 150 odd crore. As and when TV and washing machine 
further expand, the overall asset turn in the company and therefore, the RoCE will 
see a further improvement going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh from ICICI. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Akhilesh: 
So, firstly, you mentioned that for the full year you expect the net debt number to 
broadly remain at the current level Rs. 10 crores or Rs. 20 crores perhaps slightly 
higher. So, what is your assumption regarding the receivable level at the end of the 
year, because what we have seen in the last two years especially that the receivable 
in terms of number of days also goes up in the last quarter, so what is that 
assumption which you are making? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See what actually happens is in the last two years it happened was, that 4th Quarter 
was a very big quarter in comparison to --. So, that happens because of the 
seasonality and as well as in last two years, the first half in both the years got marred 
because the COVID issue. This year, that challenge is not there. Although, 
nonetheless, the 4th Quarter is going to be relatively larger, we have given a 
guidance of almost Rs. 680 odd crores in the 4th Quarter vis-à-vis Rs. 1320 crores 
in the first nine months, but nonetheless, it is not as skewed as last year or the year 
before that. 
So, overall, on a monthly basis, we don't see that kind of a shoot-up, which 
happened in the previous two years. So, those numbers will not look that acute in 
terms of days receivable. But nonetheless, I will tell you what happens is that 
monthly run-rate has actually significantly changes in the 4th Quarter. So, in the first 
nine months, if you see our monthly run-rate is of the order of about Rs. 140 odd 
crores or Rs. 145 crores, and now we are expecting close to something like Rs. 230 
odd crores of a run-rate in the next three months. So, obviously, this run-rate leads 
to about, even if you assume 45 days of receivable situation then 230*1.5 that will 
come to something like Rs. 345 crores or Rs. 350 crores is the kind of numbers 
which you will see on the receivable side, but we are working towards many 
aspects. So, to control our receivables as well as inventory and hope some of those 
things may actually work out. 
Akhilesh: 
So, you remain confident that if let us say we have reported around 40 or almost 50 
days of receivable at the end of the current quarter, so that will go down to around 
45 days. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes. 
Akhilesh: 
I don't know if I have missed this, if you have already given it, but what is the 
volume for LED TVs? I know it's a small part, but what is the volume in this 
quarter? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Pramod Gupta: 
Just give me a second, I will. 
Akhilesh: 
Yes, and in the meanwhile, if you can also speak about the customer addition, 
washing machines and LED TV business which you are expecting? 
Vishal Gupta: 
So, we don't disclose individual client names in our customer list. But we are on the 
verge of adding two very large customers, national brands, which one of them has 
already, going to start mass production this month. And one more customer product 
approval is already completed and we expect to start productions in the month of 
April for that last customer addition, in the case of the washing machine. 
In the case of TV also we are discussing with a lot of customers. And we are trying 
to add those customers, as and when you know we are developing our ODM 
products in the TV category now. So, we will be adding some more customers. But 
right now, we will not able to disclose the names right now. 
Akhilesh: 
And in washing machine, the customer addition the two national brands, which you 
spoke about this will be for the semi-automatic category? 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes sir. 
Akhilesh: 
And based on your guidance, you are expecting the full year margin to be around, 
the EBITDA level to be around 7%. So, is this a sustainable level we should assume 
or do you think this has further scope to inch up in FY24 and FY25? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, so coming back to your TV question, this quarter, we had about 40,000 
volumes in the TV in the quarter, in the sales. And actually, margin is an outcome 
of many things and how in the quarter, what is the mix of the segments that also 
decides the margin apart from individual segment level margins. So, it's always 
difficult to pinpoint the margins in the quarter. But we hope that because of the 
improvements in the revenue outlook across all the segments, the margins should 
be slightly better in the coming quarter in each of the segments, but final margin 
will actually totally depend on the overall mix. And that mix we don't know as of 
now, today, it will actually be visible to us only by the end of March. Nonetheless, 
because of the scale initiatives and also because of the operating leverage, we are 
very hopeful that margins in the coming quarter will improve further in each of the 
segments. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Akhilesh: 
And, by the end of next year, what kind of debt reduction you are expecting overall 
from the current level? 
Pramod Gupta: 
I will tell you very frankly, if we do not add any new product segment than we 
should see some amount of debt reduction surely next year. But we are actually 
considering some new products and if we take any decision on that, then we may 
have to do some further CAPEX on those new product lines. But in the existing 
product line as of now whatever the business plan is there, we think Rs. 130 plus or 
minus Rs. 5 to Rs. 10 crores of CAPEX is going to be there same as this year. And 
next year, our EBITDA and other income should be significantly higher than this 
year. And that should help us to actually do some debt reduction for sure. Those 
numbers we will be able to share with you once we finalize the business plan for 
the next year, sometime in May, after the 4th Quarter results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi from HSBC. 
Shrinidhi: 
I have a question on margin first, if I look at your margin at about 7%, it looks very 
impressive, particularly given that one of your close peer Amber has reported quite 
a weak margins. So, in your assessment, what is really driving the superior margin 
for PG Electroplast given the size of the company is smaller? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See as Vishal Ji has been telling that we work a lot towards cost leadership. And 
also, please appreciate we are a multi-product company and we have a wider 
portfolio which allows us to weather the seasonality of the AC business, seasonality 
of other business is much better. And therefore, the operating leverage that actually 
works into the negative in the offseason in AC is mitigated to some extent in the 
portfolio because of the other products helps us to actually report slightly better 
margin. But I think on an overall product business margins for us Amber must be 
in the same range that is my best guess at least in the season. In the offseason, 
actually, because of the operating leverages that play out for different players, 
because of the portfolio of products, they may have a different impact. And that is 
one of the reasons because of which probably today we are reporting slightly better 
margins. 
Shrinidhi: 
And you also highlighted that you probably have a largest single location 
manufacturing plant for AC and probably closer to ports. Just wondering how much 
does that help in terms of having a better cost economics? 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Pramod Gupta: 
It does surely help, and is more important than nearest to the port, it is actually the 
single location and having all the units for all the components at a single location 
and on a single roof, actually, that leads to a little bit of saving in terms of 
transportation, logistics, as well as the packing and some of the other costs, which 
in our opinion, maybe to the tune of maybe 0.4% or 0.5% at best. 
Shrinidhi: 
And one more question from my end again on margin. So, if you look at your 
guidance of about 7% margin in FY23, may I ask how is it different between 
product business and your rest of the business? 
Vishal Gupta: 
So, I will just give you some, basically broad ballpark margins on each of the 
segments that we have. And this is what we have seen over a slightly longish period 
of time. Typically, the product margins are between 7% to 8.5% depending upon 
the mix of the products, washing machines has slightly better margins than AC. 
And actually, cooler has the best margins. Cooler margins are almost in the double 
digits, lower double digit, but cooler is very highly seasonal, it is only a four-month 
product. And it's a very small segment for us now. 
In the plastic molding business, the margins are 7% point +/- 0.4% or 0.5% is what we have seen over a longer 
period of time. And in the TV business, which is a relatively new business, but we 
have estimated it is around about 1.5% to 2% at best is the margin at the operating 
level which we make. In the mold making or the tool making the margins are 
anywhere between 25 to 30%, depending on the deliveries in that quarter. These are 
the broad ballpark margins which we have seen in our different segments. 
Shrinidhi: 
Last one from my end, so you are guiding about Rs. 900 crore of revenue from AC 
products right for FY23? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes. 
Shrinidhi: 
May I ask, how much is it coming from your own design product? 
Pramod Gupta: 
It will be almost 80% plus will be from our own ODM products. 
Shrinidhi: 
And it includes inverter, air conditioners as well right? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, it includes across all the categories both fixed speed and Inverter and one ton, 
one and a half ton and 2 ton. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Saraswat, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
My question is in a broader context, competitors are seeing a slowdown in mobile 
segment and I wanted to understand that does that help to gauge a pattern of demand 
in our segments also, can we also see a slowdown looking forward in the year? 
Vishal Gupta: 
See, I would, actually the behavior of the market is different in both mobile phone 
products and the consumer durables. If you see industry penetration, the product 
penetration mobile phone and LED TV still will have a very good penetration in 
India, maybe 70% to 75% penetration is there in mobile phones and LED TV, but 
the product categories like AC, washing machines, the products, what we are trying 
to aggressively push and try to make it as our growth driver, the penetration levels 
are very low right now in India. 
So, what we feel that with the income levels improving and overall electricity 
availability and all those things helping; we see a very good growth potential for 
next four, five years. So, we have a very strong conviction that this product category 
is where we are trying to put our focus, they will have a very good growth in times 
to come. 
Harsh Saraswat: 
And one more thing, if you were to point out a few risks in the business, what would 
they be like? 
Vishal Gupta: 
Business is trying to grow; we are trying to grow business very fast. So, execution 
is something which is very important in our business. Let me tell you the business 
contract manufacturing, actually there is very little risk because you get very clear 
forecast from your customers, provided you don't really goof up big time or you 
make any big blunders, you are able to able to meet their requirements, you don't 
see any major challenges in this. But execution is something very important day in 
day out, because business is so competitive and margins are like wafer thin. So, you 
have to be always on your toes, focusing on cost leadership, trying to do loss 
elimination in your plant, that is a continuous focus so that you remain relevant all 
the time, you are able to maintain your cost leadership, that is the focus. And that is 
the actual risk but we have to keep focusing on day-in-day-out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kumar Singh, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Ashish Kumar Singh: 
Previous participant had asked for the LED TV numbers. So, I wanted to get those? 
Pramod Gupta: 
40,000 for the quarter. And in the first 9 months, the total number is about 80,000, 
just give me a second I will exactly tell you. 
Ashish Kumar Singh: 
And other than that, I wanted to get your comment on the raw material costs that 
you have that they have reduced in the past month. So, what do you think, they will 
be lowest in the coming months or? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, for the first 9 months the number is 80,500 in television and in the last quarter 
the number was about 40,000. Now coming back to the commodity price it’s very 
difficult to forecast these commodity prices and they are dependent on many factors 
which are beyond our control. We are actually a price taker in that market. And 
some of the commodities which had softened significantly in the last quarter have 
actually started moving up, especially base metals like aluminum, copper, etc. in 
the recent week. In fact, in the last four weeks, there has been a significant 
movement upward in both copper and aluminum and it will be reflected, it is a pass-
through for us maybe with a lag of a month or so. So, it will be reflected in, I think, 
in the coming months. 
Ashish Kumar Singh: 
And I wanted to ask, you have mentioned that the inventory has gone up in the last 
quarter and I can see that it’s around Rs. 350 crores. So, is that inventory on lower 
cost against right now, or is it higher than right now? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See it is actually the copper and aluminum inventory that we are carrying, we were 
carrying end of December, because there has been a significant production also in 
the month of January and till now in February, was at a lower cost, but we don't 
cover ourselves for more than about one and a half to two months in the inventory. 
Now, the prices of the material which we are purchasing are at the market prices, 
which is at a higher price than what we were having in December. 
Ashish Kumar Singh: 
And so, I think the margins would improve in the next quarter for the previous 
inventory, right? 
Pramod Gupta: 
No, the issue is there that the pricing also happens with the lag it does not 
immediately that you are able to, yesterday the price increased and you will tell 
your customer that you have to give me a higher price tomorrow, it doesn't work 
that way. In our business, the contract manufacturing the prices actually get reset 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
every one month, two months or three months depending upon the contracts. And 
then according to those contracts, we try to cover ourselves on those inventory. We 
don't take active call on prices of inventory now by hoarding copper and aluminum  
On the contrary, like whatever orders we have at a price we try to cover ourselves 
to that extent in those commodities, we don't actually take a call at all on the prices 
of commodity. 
Ashish Kumar Singh: 
And the last question what is the order book for the interest that you are seeing for 
this summer season in AC business? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Till March we have a very strong order book, whatever our capacities are there they 
are all booked out. And we have orders beyond March also, but I will keep my 
fingers crossed, because those orders will start to materialize only if the tertiary and 
the secondary sales are good beyond March. So, till March I can tell you that we 
are running at almost 90% capacity utilization 85% to 90% plus – expanded 
capacity in the AC. 
Vishal Gupta: 
So, April onwards what will happen you know, the production numbers for us may 
be 20% higher or 20% lower, depending upon the secondary sales which will start 
happening from the third and fourth week of March. Once we have those numbers, 
then we will be able to give you a little better idea. But the numbers will not change 
much. It may be plus minus 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was our last question for today ladies and gentlemen. I now hand 
the conference over to the Management for closing comments over to you sir. 
Vishal Gupta: 
I want to thank you all for participating in the call. And I want to reiterate once 
again that please don't look at the percentage margins in this business, they are 
actually an outcome, not of the business mix as well as the commodity prices in that 
particular quarter. Our focus is totally to just push more through-put on the same 
investment which we have done. And we will be focusing actually much more on 
getting our asset churns rather than margins. The margin percentage is actually very 
irrelevant in our business, in our opinion. 
With this, I will actually thank you all. And I will invite any of you who want to 
visit our plants both in Supa and Noida. Please feel free and mail to me or my 
colleagues and reach out to us and we will make the arrangements. Thank you very 
much. 

 
 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. That concludes the 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines.  
