 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
1st Floor, 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
            Code: Zyduslife 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Earnings Call held on February 3, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Company’s Q3 FY23 
post results earnings call held on February 3, 2023. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI 
Date: 2023.02.10 
15:05:52 +05'30'

 
1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q3 FY 23  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
February 3, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                        MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 22 
 
Moderator:  
Welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q3 FY23 earnings conference 
call. Please note that all participant lines will be in listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ganesh Nayak, Executive 
Director of Zydus Lifesciences. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ganesh Nayak: Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post result 
teleconference for the quarter ended December 31st, 2022. For 
today’s call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing Director, 
Mr. Nitin Parekh, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra, Sr. Vice 
President, Investor Relations and Mr. Alok Garg, Sr. Vice President 
from the Managing Director’s office.  
  I hope you have gone through the quarterly results, investor 
presentation and the press release which are available on our 
website and also filed with the stock exchanges.  
First of all, let me quickly run you through the Q3 FY23 consolidated 
financial performance. We registered revenues of Rs. 43.6 billion, up 
20% year-on-year led by a robust growth across businesses. Our key 
markets viz. India and the US also registered double digit growth 
during the quarter. Reported EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 9.6 
billion, up 27% year-on-year and 17% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA 
margin for the quarter stood at 21.9%, which is an improvement of 
130 basis points on a year-on-year and 220 basis points on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. EBITDA margin expanded in spite of a 180 basis 
points increase in R&D investment on a sequential basis as well as 
certain one-time REMS set up cost during the quarter for an 
upcoming US launch. EBITDA margin for the nine months of FY23 
stood at 20.7%. Profit After Tax for the quarter was Rs. 6.2 billion, up 
24% on a year-on-year and 19% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, led by 
improved EBITDA margin. We are confident of sustaining the growth 
momentum across our key markets led by strong product pipeline 
and focused execution efforts.  
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the third 
quarter of FY23 for our key business segments.  
Our India geography, which comprises of the formulations and 
consumer wellness business, accounted for 40% of the total 
revenues during the quarter, and grew 13% year-on-year. The India 
geography continues to deliver double digit growth in the current 
fiscal, adjusted for COVID related revenues in the formulations 
business last year.  

 
3 of 22 
 
The formulations business in the India geography sustained strong 
momentum and posted revenues of Rs. 12.3 billion up 14% year-on-
year. Excluding revenues from COVID related products and divested 
brands during Q3 and for the first nine months of the current fiscal, 
the business delivered a robust growth of 16% and 12% respectively. 
Overall, we outpaced the market growth during the quarter. We 
gained market share and improved our ranking in gynaecology, anti-
diabetic and nutraceutical portfolio during the quarter on a year-on-
year basis. Our first new chemical entity, Lipaglyn continued to 
expand its reach by growing its patient base by 45% in 2022. It has 
now benefited almost 1.5 million patients since its launch. The brand 
was ranked as the 59th largest brand in the Indian pharmaceutical 
market during Q3 FY23, a gain of 35 positions versus Q3 FY22.  
Our consumer wellness products business recorded revenues of Rs. 
4.1 billion, up 8% year-on-year. Inflation, which hurt margins over 
the last few quarters, is cooling down in key inputs except milk, 
where it still remains high. However, we have taken appropriate 
price increases to counter this, the impact of which will be reflected 
from the next quarter.    
Now let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business. The business accounted for 46% of the 
consolidated revenues during the quarter with sales of Rs. 19.3 
billion and registered a robust 13% growth sequentially. Growth 
during the quarter was mainly led by volume expansion in our base 
portfolio as well as seasonality. The business delivered sequential 
growth during each quarter of the current financial year which is a 
healthy sign for business momentum. We launched 6 new products 
during the quarter. Recently, in the month of January 2023, we 
launched Topiramate extended-release capsules, the first generic 
player to launch the product. We filed 9 additional ANDAs and 
received 14 new product approvals including 3 tentative approvals 
during the quarter. Approvals for the quarter include the receipt of 
final approval for Estradiol transdermal system twice weekly. It is the 
first transdermal product approval from our Moraiya site.  
On the emerging markets front, the business continues to deliver 
double digit growth as it posted revenues of Rs. 3.1 billion, up 15% 
year-on-year, excluding revenues from COVID related products. The 
business maintained growth momentum on the back of robust 
performance across key markets.   
During the quarter, we filed our first ANDA from the newly 
constructed oral solids formulations manufacturing facility in our 
Ahmedabad SEZ known as SEZ II.   

 
4 of 22 
 
This concludes the business review. I will now request Dr. Sharvil 
Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses and 
initiatives in our innovation program. Thank you.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you Dr. Nayak. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is a 
pleasure to have you all on the call today. We are pleased with our 
Q3 FY23 performance particularly with the fact that India and the US, 
the two largest geographies for us continued to deliver robust 
performance, led by the different strategic initiatives and focused 
execution. We remain committed to investing in our future to drive 
sustainable and profitable growth by building a  diversified portfolio 
of differentiated products in generics, complex generics, biologics 
and NCEs.  
Over the last two years, our various strategic initiatives in India 
formulations business that includes focused brand building 
initiatives, intense marketing efforts keeping patients’ needs in the 
mind, expanding distribution reach, leveraging digital platforms, and 
driving our innovation pipeline of novel molecules and biosimilars 
have enabled the business to deliver steady double digit growth in 
the current fiscal year. Our aim is to outperform the market growth 
over time.  
Our US formulations business, too, delivered good performance in all 
quarters so far, driven by timely launches of new products and 
volume gains in existing products. Our wide product pipeline and 
focused BD&L efforts lend good visibility on new products, which are 
critical to offset the impact of price erosions in the base portfolio 
and boost growth prospects in our US generics. Our nimble and agile 
supply chain and a network of regulatory compliant manufacturing 
facilities equip us to capitalize on opportunities which keep arising in 
the US generics markets. Going forward, we remain focused on 
adhering to highest quality standards across our manufacturing 
footprint and to monetize our deep product portfolio in the US 
generics business. We are taking calibrated measures to build out 
our speciality business over the medium term. Our goal is to improve 
health outcomes of patients in dire need of therapies to treat the 
rare and orphan diseases.  
On the innovation front, we continue to make steady progress which 
help us move further in our mission to improve the patients’ health 
in an affordable manner. Lipaglyn, our first NCE, continues to 
improve its rank in the IPM with addition of new patients. Bilypsa, 
which is the only available treatment for NASH indication has picked 
pace as it addresses an unmet medical need. Our biosimilars 
portfolio has made the treatments affordable and accessible for 
patients and has registered a strong volume growth consistently. 

 
5 of 22 
 
 
With this, let me talk to you about some material developments on 
our innovation front. On the NCEs front, as you all know, Saroglitazar 
Magnesium is currently undergoing Phase II(b)/ III clinical trial for 
PBC indication for the US market. During the quarter, we also 
received approval from the Ministry of Health of Spain, Iceland and 
Argentina to conduct Phase II(b)/ III clinical trials for PBC indication. 
This will help us recruit patients faster and complete our trials on a 
given time. So far, 54 patients have been enrolled for the clinical 
trials of Saroglitazar Magnesium in the US for polycystic ovary 
syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease indication. Currently 
it is the only ongoing trial in the world for PCOS and NAFLD 
indications. We initiated Phase II clinical trials in India for ZY19489, a 
novel potential single dose anti-malarial drug candidate. 
  
Coming to our biologics and vaccines pipeline, we initiated clinical 
trials in India for biosimilars of two monoclonal antibodies in the 
oncology space during the quarter. We continue to add more 
programs to build a robust biologics pipeline to aid future growth. 
We have also received approval from DCGI to initiate Phase II clinical 
trial for one our vaccines during the quarter.   
On the speciality front, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sentynl 
Therapeutics, launched an early access program for Nulibry to 
improve global distribution network for the product and in turn, 
expedite delivery of life critical medications to the patients across 
the world. We filed a new drug application for one of our products in 
the areas of metabolic disorder through 505(b)(2) route.    
 
Thank you. And, now we can start the Q&A session. Over to the 
coordinator for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the Question and 
Answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your 
hand from the participant tab on your screen. Participants are 
requested to use headphones or earphones while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question would be from Saion 
Mukherjee.  
Saion Mukherjee: Hi, so just wanted to understand the domestic business growth. We 
have seen good growth now for some time. In your commentary you 
mentioned about market share gains in some of the areas like 
gynaecology, diabetes, nutraceuticals. But you know the bigger 
segments that you have cardio, anti-infectives, so I am just 
wondering you know, how the growth has come without those 
segments delivering. If you can give some more colour, just want to 
understand sustainability of this growth. And secondly on your 

 
6 of 22 
 
innovation molecule particularly Saroglitazar, how should we think 
about the penetration of the molecule. You have got approval for 
various indications here. You mentioned 1.5 million patients. So, 
what is the kind of peak level of patient volume and revenues that 
you are looking from this product. How should we think about that? 
Thank you.  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think on the overall side first, the important thing is our 
secondary sales have shown a good double-digit growth and have 
grown faster than the market. So, I think overall we have shown 
strong growth. The other market shares on other therapies is not 
that we are down or anything, they are nearby to the levels of what 
the market growth has been but we are talking about where we have 
significantly gained share. With respect to Saroglitazar, Saroglitazar 
as I have already said is doing significantly well. It has jumped almost 
40+ ranks to become the 59th product and we believe, as I always 
said we believe this product will become the top 25 products of India 
in terms of its capacity and can grow beyond that. It is just very initial 
days, we have got full indications of NASH and NAFLD and that will 
allow us to significantly expand the patient base. So, the product is 
growing very well and contributing well to the growth and the 
overall volumes of the business and as a strong patient assisted 
program that we run on Saroglitazar so that is helping us track the 
effectiveness of the molecule which will continuously aid the further 
growth of the product.  
Saion Mukherjee: Sir, just one clarification if I can ask, my understanding is that this 
product is materially big in the diabetes and associated indications, 
and for the liver diseases NASH and fatty liver, it is not very large. Is 
that understanding correct? And incrementally is that going to 
change particularly fatty liver be a bigger indication. How should we 
think about that?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, there are 2-3 indications, one is that it works in the overall 
metabolic syndrome, if you first take the fats and triglycerides, it has 
a tremendous impact on that and the earlier indications were for 
patients who were diabetic and who had dyslipidemia. So, that is 
definitely a good market but the prescription size, prescription 
length and duration of that indication sometimes is not as long. With 
the indication of NASH and NAFLD, the prescription period is very 
long in terms of treatment protocols. You have to go for years of 
treatment to reverse NASH and NAFLD. So, that is one important 
aspect of this. And if you look at competing molecules they are 
significantly larger, these are not even approved indications for 
them. So, we believe that the NASH and NAFLD is a very big 
indication in India. There is a high amount of undiagnosed patients in 

 
7 of 22 
 
this area. We run the largest number of fibroscans in the country 
now. And we want to even double that down. So, with the strong 
level of diagnosis that we are running we believe that the patient 
pool is quite significant and early on we are seeing good traction on 
this.  
Saion Mukherjee:  Okay. Sir, my second question would be on the US, you know, there 
is a good growth quarter-on-quarter. Now you mentioned about 
some expenditure on an upcoming launch, you are putting some 
money on the REMS program. So, if you can share some colour on 
that launch. Is that significant?  And in general, given the seasonality, 
etc., and contribution from Revlimid, how should we think about US 
numbers for the coming quarters? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the US numbers, we believe for the coming quarters will continue 
to be strong with the launches of new products and specific to the 
REMS, that is an important program that we have initiated because 
we believe we will have a launch in the coming year and for that we 
had to go and pay for that REMS. So that has a good business plan 
and a good growth potential for that REMS program product. And 
with Topiramate (Trokendi) launch, also we will see further value 
addition to the US business. So, I think overall the business will track 
well quarter-on-quarter going forward, at least for the next 2-3 
quarters.  
Saion Mukherjee:  Okay, thank you, sir, I will join back.     
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Tarang Agarwal. 
Tarang Agarwal: Hi, good evening. I have two questions. One, you spoke about for the 
US business you spoke about volume expansion. So, was it perhaps 
because of the current flu conditions in the US, or you see the overall 
market to be improving in terms of channel having de-stocked, that’s 
one. The second is in terms of biosimilars you have got a broad 
portfolio, but the portfolio for the time being seems to be restricted 
to India and lesser regulated markets. So, how should we see your 
journey here in terms of trying to approach the developed markets. 
That’s it for me, thank you. 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, first to the US, the seasonality of the portfolio is only 5 million 
dollars so the overall contribution is not significant but it is there. 
The overall growth as I said has been driven by from three areas, the 
new products, the base business both have contributed meaningfully 
to the growth of the business, and higher run rate that we are now 
running. With respect to biologics and biosimilars always our 
strategy has been in India/some emerging market plan and currently 
we are tracking extremely well on India. And overall the business is 

 
8 of 22 
 
in good health in India both in terms of obviously our business in 
terms of revenue but also profits. And going forward once we get 
more approvals in developing countries we would see that number 
increasing. So, our strategy is only linked to these two geographies, 
the rest of the world and India. And that is where we want to build 
for it. And we have a lot of plans for more launches at least 2-3 new 
launches coming up over the next two years. So, the portfolio which 
is currently 14 will continue to expand.  
 Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
Neha Manpuria: Thanks for taking my question. Sir, we saw an increase in the R&D 
spend in the quarter which I understand is related to the progress on 
the pipeline. As we make more progress on the trials for Saroglitazar, 
how should we see this number. Could this trend up further, I know 
this is within our guidance range of 7 to 8 % but on an absolute basis 
how much could it trend up further as we make progress.  
Sharvil Patel: 
For the R&D spend, we believe that our investments will remain in 
the 7 to 8% range in FY23. The lumpiness of this quarter, I mean R&D 
spends are not even all throughout the year so you see that. But our 
guidance for the current financial year remains intact. Going forward 
also, we have said that our R&D spends will be around 8 to 9% 
maximum in medium to long term. But currently we are comfortable 
at the 7 to 8% R&D spend range. 
   Neha Manpuria:  Understood. And thereafter probably in the 8 to 9% range.     
Sharvil Patel: 
Much later probably we will see I mean it is very difficult to predict 2-
3 years down the line but short term we are looking around 8%.   
Neha Manpuria:  Understood. And my second question is the REMS one time cost that 
you have mentioned, would it be possible to quantify that how much 
of the other expense has increased because of this REMS cost?  
Sharvil Patel: 
It is 8 million dollars.   
Neha Manpuria:  8 million dollars, understood. And we don’t see this, this is just a set 
up cost, we don’t see this recurring.   
Sharvil Patel: 
There is a recurring but it is not significant this is mainly the set up 
cost.  
Neha Manpuria: Okay, got it, thank so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino Pathiparampil. 
Bino: 
Good afternoon and congrats on a good set of numbers. Just one 
question on this 505 (b)(2) that you have filed you say that is for 

 
9 of 22 
 
metabolic disorder. When you say metabolic disorder, are you 
talking about the diabetes obesity sort of thing or is it genetic and 
sign deficiency sort of disorder? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have a portfolio in this, we had already filed one product in this 
and this is the combination product that we are filing. So, in this 
franchise, we will have maybe around 3 filings total. So, this is the 
second filing.  
Bino:     
Okay, and is it like a peptide or something?   
Sharvil Patel: 
No, it is a small molecule. 
Bino: 
It is a small molecule. Okay, great I will join back in the queue, 
thanks.   
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. First just a clarification, I think as far as I remember earlier 
we were pursuing NASH indication for Saroglitazar in US as well. Is it 
still continuing or we are kind of pivoting more towards NAFLD? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently the trials in the US, most immediate ones are PBC trials 
which we believe are the near term ones, and we are still continuing 
with the Phase 2 trials for NASH. And as we progress, on the key 
milestones on NASH we will come back to you, but we are also 
testing for other indications like PCOS and NAFLD also. But the NASH 
trial is ongoing.  
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, perfect. And on the PBC trial when do we expect in terms of 
read out or if you can share any progress in terms of the enrolment 
etc., where are we currently?    
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we hope to finish enrolment in the next two quarters if 
everything goes right. And then after the follow through we hope 
late ’24/ early ’25 filing if we are able to achieve that timeline.  
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay, perfect. And the second question on the same thing like earlier 
we were thinking about having a strategic partner. Is that still on the 
cards for these kinds of specialty R&D or we are going to do it on our 
own? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Our current strategy on Saro for PBC is to do it on our own. But as 
we move forward and as we evaluate our timelines and competitive 
intensity, we will take an appropriate call. But currently, we are 
preparing for our own launch for Saroglitazar.  

 
10 of 22 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And last if I may on the Revlimid side, would you I am not 
asking for a number, but on a qualitative directionally would the 
quarter 3 numbers be better than quarter 2 for us, or how should we 
think about it? And whatever trend we are seeing right now 
contribution - would that continue for the next two quarters? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, Q2 and Q3 were similar, Q 4 we will see higher numbers.  
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay, perfect. And that is because of some player coming out of 
exclusivity etc., would that be the case?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, it is the way, there is a market share volume plan so accordingly 
we are able to take more share.    
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. Thank you. I will join the queue again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Damayanti Kerai. 
Damayanti Kerai: Hi, good evening. My first question is on your Topiramate XR launch. 
So, you are the first one to enter the market. So, how do you see this 
opportunity in terms of competition over next 2-3 quarters?   
Sharvil Patel: 
It is very difficult to estimate. But currently we are alone in the 
market and we still believe we hope that we still have the exclusivity 
but we are not seeing any immediate launches. Currently we remain 
exclusive.   
Damayanti Kerai: So, you launch in January, so 6 months you believe you will be the 
only generic market.  
Sharvil Patel: 
That we can’t predict because FDA will not make a sort of decision 
until they see a next generic. So, because there are no next generic 
yet, FDA has not made that decision.  
Damayanti Kerai: Okay, and my second question is now you have two transdermal 
approvals from Moraiya. What are the launch plan and when do you 
see meaningful pick up from these opportunities?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, if everything goes well, we believe we will launch at least two 
transdermals in the next financial year, and if we do better then 
maybe upto 3. Currently that is the plan and all three of them are 
meaningful launches.  
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And you have all required set up from Moraiya and you might 
not need to invest anything additional for these launches?   
Sharvil Patel: 
We have already made the investments earlier.  
Damayanti Kerai:  My final question is your capex is currently trending at around 10 
billion for a year so, where are the major spend happening?    

 
11 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
The major capex is happening on our expansion of our oral SEZ II 
facility, some expansion that happened in the ZTL, the transdermal 
area. We had a new line, injectable line that is getting commissioned. 
And also the new pre-qualified I mean new plant for MR for WHO 
pre-qualification which is getting ready now. And some API projects.   
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And how do we see capex trending for coming years, will it 
remain in similar range or you are like broadly done with some of the 
major spends?   
Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think this kind of base will remain because we are investing for 
our growth in different areas, so that this kind of range will remain.    
Damayanti Kerai: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya Patra: 
Thank you, sir. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, my 
first question is on the domestic formulations business. Is it possible 
to share excluding this biosimilar and the NCE portfolio, what is the 
growth for the quarter and 9-month period?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, I don't think we are segmenting our business like that. When we 
push something, we are obviously doing it as a portfolio play. So, I 
think we don’t do one business and then look at the other business.   
Surya Patra:  
No basically sir, what sometimes back that we have been 
emphasizing about the new launches and means, basically the 
speciality and the mass, kind of, approach that we had some time 
back we had followed and discuss. So, now, since we are not talking 
that way, so that is why I was trying to understand, on the core 
portfolio… 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think for us, we look at India geography and the formulation 
business as a whole. So, you know, the strategy and investments will 
depend on where we feel the maximum growth will be driven from. 
So, we don't bifurcate like that. But overall to say even the base 
business, which is or the established products business of the 
company has done better than market. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Yeah, thank you. And the second question is on, let's say, on 
the Moraiya front, whether we have seen any kind of advantage in 
the current quarter from the Moraiya side. I'm not talking about the 
product launches, let's say in terms of the cost or something like 
that, or increment?  
Sharvil Patel:  No. Moraiya the main launches are the Transdermals which will 
come. 

 
12 of 22 
 
Surya Patra:  
Yeah, but in the cost front also there isn't, there isn't no saving, 
right? 
Sharvil Patel: 
There is no saving.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay and is it possible to discuss something more about the Revlimid 
outlook like how should we be thinking that or how meaningful it 
could be so not giving any number but at least of the overall kind of 
run rate, what we have been seeing even for our US business. So 
how meaningful this could be? 
Sharvil Patel:  It is going to be meaningful. And Revlimid as I said in the next 
quarters will be better than the preceding quarters. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay, just last one question sir, see, obviously you are one of the 
largest integrated manufacturers of the formulation as well as APIs. 
And, obviously, currently the trend what we are witnessing bit 
challenging trend for even API business. So, could you share 
something your view about the pricing, volume trends in that API 
side to be specific? 
Sharvil Patel:  So, I think for us currently, a large part of our strategic initiative is for 
our backward integration, for our formulations, and driving our first 
to day, first to market launches and first to file. So, the API strategy 
that we are generally following is for largely driven for internal 
consumption. Having said so, we also want to expand in the other 
markets, but we're not a very large player in terms of third-party 
sales. There has been some, you know, slowdown overall in the 
market, as we see, because of last two years. But for us, the major 
critical part of the API business is for internal consumption. But we 
hope going forward, we will see growth coming back for us because 
we are on a lower base.  
Surya Patra:  
Sure sir, okay, yeah. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Devang. 
Devang:  
Yeah, hi sir. My first query is regarding the last quarters, we're seeing 
some of the pressures on the US markets, the pricing of the drugs. 
So, is it continuing in the current quarter or like is it, like what's the, 
for next few quarters what is the view for that? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, our view still continues, we see single digit price erosion in the US 
market and we are not seeing anything majorly changing other than 
this guidance that we have given. 
Devang:  
Okay, and the second question is, like, the growth was seen as the 
mid teen high levels like that would be of nearby 18% or something 
near to that. So is it the continue with the same prospects or there 

 
13 of 22 
 
are going to be the changes in the coming quarters or something like 
that for the quarter four also, and for any two, three quarters. 
Sharvil Patel: 
As I said at least, it's difficult to predict the full year but the next two 
quarters are looking better than the current quarter. 
Devang:  
Okay sir, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sameer Baisiwala. Sameer, you 
are on mute.  
Sameer Baisiwala:  Yeah. Got it. Good evening, everyone. So, first question is on the 
working capital side, over the last nine months looks like it has gone 
up much more than the sales growth. So, if you can talk about it. 
Nitin Parekh: 
Sameer, partly it's also because of the business mix with higher 
growth coming from US and US obviously has a longer working 
capital cycle compared to India business. And also, you know, the 
growth in emerging markets where also relatively compared to India 
business, the working capital cycle is higher. I think it's the business 
mix which is responsible, there are no other factors. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  Okay. Got it. And on transdermal from Moraiya. One is Estradiol, the 
second, you got PAI inspection in January. Is that correct? And the 
third one may come and that's over and above this. And what about I 
think… 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so we got one Estradiol approval, and we had a PAI for three 
products. And that's the portfolio right now that has been inspected. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  Oh, I see. Okay. So, which means that you may have four approvals 
in a short order of time. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, it's potentially possible, yes.  
Sameer Baisiwala:  And you said, all four of them are going to be meaningful. Yeah. 
Sharvil Patel:  Three out of the four, at least, if I have to hedge. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  Okay, that's great. And, Sharvil bhai, what's the outlook for margins, 
you've guided 21-22 types, but you'll see this now change going 
forward? 
Sharvil Patel:  So right now, we are trending on the higher margins. And as you 
know, we have some exclusive products and all of that. So current 
outlook for the margins is looking much better at  21 plus, but I think 
for the full year, at least, we believe we will be better than the last 
year. 

 
14 of 22 
 
Sameer Baisiwala:  Okay, great. And one final question and I have to ask this. So, in your 
assessment, in your outlook for US, how are you thinking about 
Asacol HD competition, sir? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think the good thing is obviously for us is that there is no 
competition right now. And with the new products that we are 
launching, where we have also sort of exclusivities as well as may be 
differentiation as well as some of the new launches, I believe, with 
that base will continue to grow and, we will, as I had always said, we 
will find ways to make up for the losses on Asacol. Also, I think that is 
already happening but we have not lost Asacol yet. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  Six months to 12 months is what you would guess, if you have to… 
Nitin Parekh:  Whatever number Sameer you want to take!  
Sharvil Patel: 
It is very difficult to say but short term… I can only say first, at least 
the next quarter nobody's this there. Every quarter maybe I can add. 
Sameer Baisiwala: Okay, got it, sir. Thank you very much. Good luck. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
Prakash Agarwal: Yeah, hi. Good evening. Am I audible? 
Sharvil Patel:  Yeah.  
Prakash Agarwal:  Yeah, just trying to understand this upcoming REMS product better. 
So, there's a large investment that we have done. I mean, how to 
think about this product, could it be you know, a largish product, 
billion-dollar kind of product and would it have exclusivity, some 
colour would really help given we are making some large 
investments. 
Sharvil Patel: 
It is not exclusive, it will have some limited competition, but it is 
meaningful in terms of the investments that we have made. And 
there is a setup cost but the revenue we currently expect, obviously 
made that investment assuming we are going to have better 
revenues. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay, and this is like first half calendar year kind of opportunity or 
it's… 
Sharvil Patel: 
It's a definitely FY24 opportunity, maybe the second or third quarter. 
Prakash Agarwal:  Understood. Fair enough. And in the opening remarks, there was a 
mention of market share gains. So, any particular trends we are 
seeing and these are like little longer-term trends, are we seeing or is 
it like one two large orders which have triggered this or it could 
percolate to next many quarters.  

 
15 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So consistently, we have managed our base business well, so that is 
our strategy. And with the disruptions in the market place, we 
believe that we will continuously strive hard to not only manage it, 
but also make sure we don't do it, I mean, do it profitably.  
Prakash Agarwal:  When you say disruptions, you mean USFDA issues with others or 
you mean other trends? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Mostly is to do with the supply chain, yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: Okay. Understood. And, you know, just wanted to understand 
transdermal opportunity better. So, there is already some answer on 
two or three of the four opportunities. And we have taken some 
time to get the approvals. So, I mean, is the market already matured, 
the ramp up is low, or there is definite position for the third and 
fourth player? How do we think about that opportunity over 6-12 
months? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, in the next 12 months, our current plans are showing that these 
will be meaningful launches for us.  
Prakash Agarwal:  Okay. And just to sum it up, so what I understand is there are few 
large meaningful opportunities, which can, you know, take us to the, 
you know, a sizable step up, then, in terms of margins and R&D 
investments that we're doing. So, margins, you gave some colour, 
but I mean, does it take us to three-four hundred basis points higher, 
or we have a step up in R&D, which will keep the margins at the 
current levels? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think first let us complete the current year, maybe in the next 
quarter, we can give some better understanding. But as I said, R&D 
investments on the generic side is, sort of almost stable and you 
don't see any major growth on that. So, the investment that we'll be 
making will be on the NCEs and biologics which are gradually going 
to scale up. And the EBITDA margins, as you've seen, there's room 
for improvement, and we hope we can continue to deliver better 
EBITDA margin. 
Prakash Agarwal:  Yeah, I mean, it is quite evident, right. I mean, the step up, just trying 
to understand the scale of step up that we can see? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, our estimates are looking that there will be a step up, but 
we can't predict the whole years. 
Prakash Agarwal:  Okay, understood. And top two, three priorities, apart from NCEs, 
any other large investment are gaps that you see, balance sheet is 
pretty strong. 

 
16 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
No for us now, the main thing is to execute on the new launches, and 
continue to make sure what we are doing in India we are able to 
keep on executing well there and at the same time, grow these 
strategic brands that we have decided to do so.  
Prakash Agarwal:  Okay, lovely, great, and all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Thanks for the opportunity. Hope I'm audible.  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda:  So, my question is on Oxemia, can you share any feedback in terms 
of how the product is being accepted in the market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the product acceptance is very good. Right now, we are seeing a 
lot of patients who are not on dialysis. Slowly, we would also want to 
add people who are on dialysis. So, it will be a gradual build up once 
you know, once we are able to do enough, work with the medical 
fraternity as well as the patients to show the better safety as well as 
the better care, I mean, better compliance that we can see with an 
oral product. Also, with the approval of the same, similar class of 
products by the USFDA. We also believe that some of the questions 
will get answered and we'll see better traction going forward. 
Vishal Manchanda: Got it. So, the US approval will help you promote that drug better in 
India. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, this class of molecules as the USFDA has approved it. 
Obviously, all products are not the same, but at least one small 
overhang will sort of reduce. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Yeah, so GSK got that approval a few days back?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Vishal Manchanda:  Okay. And second one on Asacol HD. So, there's a settlement 
agreement in public that says, you pay a royalty to the innovator. So, 
since the patent has expired in November 2021, is the royalty still 
payable or that royalty has been discontinued? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I don’t think we can discuss the confidential agreement right 
now. That will be difficult to answer. 
Vishal Manchanda: Okay. And third one on biosimilars. What was the growth you 
achieved in the nine-month FY-23? 

 
17 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel:  As I said, biosimilars is part of the branded generics business so I          
don’t think we will give different numbers on that but definitely its 
trending better. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Better than the company growth? Is that…..? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Better than the market growth. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Ok. You also launched a drug called Rucaparib in India which is a 
cancer drug. You are among the few players to have launched that. Is 
that a large opportunity for you? 
Sharvil Patel:  From the overall oncology play, yes, this will significantly add 
importance with the practitioners and the patients. And we also 
believe that we would be adding 3-4 more products which are 
unique so our oncology pipeline will continue to evolve in terms of 
being meaningful for all types of cancer beyond just the solid 
tumours. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Ok and just one final one on Can Assist which you in-licensed from a 
company for breast cancer basically. That’s a diagnostic sort of a 
product. Has that been launched? How is the product shaping up? 
Sharvil Patel:  It has been launched and it’s tracking very well and I think as I said 
for us  most important strategic drive for the future is to how do we 
bring better value for the patients. So, this is our, one of our 
attempts that we can bring the right advice and right diagnostic and 
prognosis markers for the patients to make the right choice and for 
the doctors to make the right choice whether chemotherapy is 
required and if required, then what could be the chemotherapy 
protocols. So, I think it’s a good step forward in terms of giving 
patients and the doctors better access and better decision making 
capability. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Patients have started to use this option to kind of go forward     with 
the…… 
Sharvil Patel: 
The doctors will go through for the patient. 
Vishal Manchanda: The doctor, basically the doctors use this option. 
Sharvil Patel:  Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Got it.  Thank you. That’s all for me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question from Ankush Mahajan. 
Ankush:  
Am I audible sir?  
Moderator:  
Yes. 

 
18 of 22 
 
Ankush:  
Sir, I had checked the list of drugs that we got approval from USFDA 
from the last one year. So there are few drugs like Sarifrazine, 
Mirabegron, lenalidomide and Brexipiprazole. Can you tell me the 
status of these 4 drugs? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Revlimid as you already know it’s launched. Many of the products 
that get approved have settlement dates for launch. So all products 
that get approved don’t get launched on that approval date. 
Ankush:  
When we can expect such drugs in the market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
These are not in the short term. These are much later. 
Ankush:  
Ok. Ok. Thank you sir. That’s from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Kunal Randeria. Now we 
will move on to Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria:  My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Bino Pathiparampil. 
Bino: 
Hi! Thanks for follow-up. Sharvil bhai, the products for which you 
have invested in REMS, is that transdermal kind of product? 
Sharvil Patel:  No, it’s not a transdermal product. 
Ankush: 
Ok, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Let’s move on to Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Thank you for the follow-up. I just wanted to understand if you could 
provide a number in terms of how much we are spending on this 
specialty products specially for Saroglitazar in US, at least for first 9 
months so that we can better understand what is the P/L burn right 
now on this business which is not generating revenue as of now? 
Sharvil Patel:  So, overall 30 percent of our R&D spend is on all of these clinical 
programs that we are running of the total spend that we are doing. 
Kunal Dhamesha:  Ok, great. Second one, again going back to the REMS that we have 
done. Is it a shared REMS program which we will be sharing with 
other generic companies? The others also would have put in similar 
amount? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I can’t disclose all of that but it’s a shared REMS. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Ok. Or is it that we have put in higher amount but we get them later 
on to pay some kind of fees? 

 
19 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel:  It’s a shared REMS program so I think you will be able to understand 
the meaning of that. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Ok, perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Now we have question from Saion Mukherjee. 
          Saion Mukherjee: Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, on the transdermal, what is the total 
number of filings you mentioned with one approval already come in 
from Moraiya. You will have 4 approvals. Just wanted to know, what 
is the total number of pending approvals now on transdermal side? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have filed 9 products, out of which 6 are pending approval and 
one of them, we are not going to commercialize which is the 
approval for fentanyl patch. 
          Saion Mukherjee: Ok. 
Sharvil Patel: 
And we do continue to file, we do have an expectation to file at least 
2 more products in the immediate future. 
             Saion Mukherjee:  Ok, 2 more products. And sir, I think a few quarters back, you 
mentioned around your partnership pipeline on injectables, certain 
exclusive products likely to be commercialized in calendar 2023, are 
you on track for those launches? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, we are hopeful that we will see at least 1-2 partnered product 
launches. 
          Saion Mukherjee: So those would be exclusive, the 180 days exclusive kind of 
products? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Not exclusive, but at least some of them have no generics. 
          Saion Mukherjee: And when do you expect sir, 1st half or 2nd half? 
Sharvil Patel: 
See, it’s the approval cycle and these are complex products but 
definitely in this calendar year. 
            Saion Mukherjee:  Ok. And sir, one last question on your R&D program, 30 percent of 
R&D you are saying on clinical program. So, this proportion is going 
to go up in the next few years, right? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
            Saion Mukherjee: So, is it going to be closer to 40-50 percent, anything you can 
comment on? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Again, for 3 years, I don’t have the exact thing but as you first guided 
to speaking, it will definitely go up as a percentage of the overall 
R&D spend. But now whether it becomes 40 or 50 percent, it’s a 

 
20 of 22 
 
little too early to say but I don’t think it will be a drastic jump 
because every year we are recruiting similar number of patients, so it 
will be gradual unless we are seeing some major thrust on any 
critical program. But most of our programs are in indication that are 
not requiring a lot of patients so we hope that we will be able to 
manage our R&D expenses. 
            Saion Mukherjee:  Ok sir, I have just one last question, if you can take that? It is on 
M&A. I mean you have done M&A in the past in consumer business 
but we haven’t seen much action on the formulation side and there 
are lot of assets which people are acquiring. What are your thoughts 
because there are gaps in your portfolio currently? Any thoughts on 
sort of plugging those through acquisitions? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, on the India business, I think our first priority that we believe is 
that we have our portfolio and the new pipeline of our own launches 
we believe are sufficient for us to deliver, better than market 
growth, that’s what we are driving towards executing. We do have 
gaps but I think currently we believe that our own portfolio, 
concentrating on our own business would be more better. Having 
said so, we do evaluate all opportunities but I think many of them at 
the multiples don’t make sense for us to do because the growth will 
be a challenge if they are more established. I think focussing on our 
new launches and the products that we believe are important like 
those 20 plus products I think can drive substantial growth that we 
want to drive for the medium term. 
          Saion Mukherjee: Ok sir, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya: 
Hello!! Hello!! 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, can you clarify what is the gross debt number that we are 
currently having right now? In fact, I think in the quarter, it seems 
that you have paid something as per the credit rating report. So, 
that’s why. 
Nitin Parekh: 
As on 31st December, gross debt was 1816 cr. and net debt is 604 cr. 
Surya Patra: 
Ok, fine, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda: Hi. On Saroglitazar, on the ongoing trial in primary biliary cholangitis, 
since you are recruiting patients from Europe as well, does that 
mean you can do a global filing, if the trials are successful? 

 
21 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, for Saro, we have recruited across centres in US and Europe. So 
our initial plan is for the US market in terms of commercialization but 
we will also be looking at how do we take it through partnerships in 
other European markets. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Ok. Since it is phase II, phase III trial, so would you be separately 
reading out the phase II data or it will go into phase III and then you 
will share the data? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, phase II will continue into phase III. So the meaningful readout 
will be after the phase III is completed. So the patients continue into 
the phase III. 
Vishal Manchanda: Ok. That should happen in FY25 – the readout? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda: Ok. And just one on CUTX101, is that approval due anytime now and 
is there any progress on that testing? 
Sharvil Patel: 
The new born screening testing had some good progress and we 
hope by the time, we have an approval, we are at least near to 
getting that test through. The approval is still pending and because 
we have licensed in product where it is manufactured by the 
licensing partner so until they are able to get through with the filing 
and approval, we have to still wait. But the exclusivity gets only 
triggered after launch. 
Vishal Manchanda: Ok. Understood. Thanks. That’s all from me. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Next question is from Vibha Ravi. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Hello, hi! So, this is with regards to SEZ 2, you spoke about a few 
projects. You said there is the new oral solid plant. Then there is 
expansion of the transdermal area and some API projects. Did you 
also mention this MMR vaccine plant for which you are seeking PQ 
from WHO? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, yes, that also. 
Vibha Ravi: 
So what's the capex and what's the kind of expenditure for these 
projects here at SEZ 2? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We are not breaking up individual capex. SEZ 2 is a meaningful capex 
overall in the overall scheme of things. But I said the overall 900-
1000cr capex is broken up into these major factors. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Ok. And by when do you expect this PQ? Do you have any kind of a 
clue there? 

 
22 of 22 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
This is little bit down the line. It is nothing in the immediate terms. 
The first PQ for us will be the typhoid conjugate vaccine and then we 
will do the filing for MR. So, it’s definitely not in this calendar year.  
Vibha Ravi: 
Ok, fine. Could you just talk a bit more about how significant you 
expect this vaccine? You have spoken a bit in the past about it. But 
do you see that given post covid, the importance of vaccine has shot 
up considerably? What are your plans and how big do you see this 
business growing? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the business is, I just said for both the PQ vaccines which is the 
MR and TCB, they are a part of the global immunization plans 
including India immunization. The volumes that have been stated in 
terms of requirement are significant and large and as I said, we were 
looking at taking about 11 to 20 percent share of that. If we are able 
to be successful with the pre-qualification and meet the timelines of 
the tenders, it would be meaningful and profitable. 
Vibha Ravi:  
Ok, thanks. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
the closing comments. 
Ganesh Nayak: Thank you very much and look forward to interacting with you again 
in the month of May for the last quarter results. Thank you and good 
night and enjoy your weekend. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Ltd., that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. Good bye, thank 
you. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
