 
 Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
  
 501, Plot No. 67, Pujit Plaza, Opp. K-Star Hotel, Sector-11, C.B.D. Belapur, Navi Mumbai – 400 614 
 Telefax No. +91 022 27570710, Mobile No. 9619497305, Website : www.dhruvconsultancy.in 
 Email ID: services@dhruvconsultancy.in, info@dhruvconsultancy.in, CIN No. L74999MH2003PLC141887 
 
DHRUV/OUTWARD/2022-23/5789 
 
February 20, 2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
Fax No. 022-22723121/3027/2039/2061 
Security Code: 541302, Security ID: DHRUV  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Fax No. 022-26598120/38 
Scrip Symbol: DHRUV  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Re: 
ISIN - INE506Z01015 
Sub:  Intimation 
under 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
& 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings call held with the investors/shareholders on February 16, 2023, 
at 12.30 HRS (IST) to discuss the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
and nine month ended December 31, 2022. 
 
The above information along with the audio recordings has been made available on the 
website of the company www.dhruvconsultancy.in   
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DHRUV CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED  
 
 
 
TANVI T AUTI   
Managing Director   
DIN 07618878  
 
Encl: As above 
 
TANVI TEJAS 
AUTI
Digitally signed by TANVI TEJAS 
AUTI 
Date: 2023.02.20 18:33:02 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
Q3 FY ’23 Results Conference Call” 
February 16, 2023 
 
 
  
   
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANDURANG DANDAWATE – DIRECTOR – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MS. TANVI AUTI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DHRUV 
CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH SINDHAV – GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – DHRUV CONSULTANCY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VASTUPAL SHAH – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited Q3 
FY ’23 Results Conference Call, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vastupal Shah, from Kirin Advisors. Thank you, over to 
you sir. 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Conference call of Dhruv Consultancy 
Services Limited. I would like to welcome management team, Mr. Pandurang Dandawate, 
Director of the company, Ms. Tanvi Auti, Managing Director of the company, Mr. Rajesh 
Sindhav, GM Finance and Accounts. I would like to hand over to Ms. Tanvi for the opening 
remarks. 
Tanvi over to you. 
Tanvi Auti: 
Thank you, Vastupal. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q3 FY ’23 Conference 
Call of Dhruv Consultancy Limited. Infrastructure continues to be a focus of our government. 
And we recently saw in Union recent budget announcement, that the government has announced 
a capex spend of INR 10 lakh crores, that is 33% year-on year increase with the FY ’24 budget 
estimate. This is allocated sectors like railways, roads, defense, housing, water, metro project. 
The capex to GDP is at an all-time high of 3.3%. So two sectors that stand-out in terms of the 
allocation are railways, which is up by 51% and roads which is up by 25%. Even during the 
current-period, the budget is fully utilized and we all know that infrastructure development is at 
a peak in the country at present. Given 50% of the total allocated capex is earmark for railways 
and roads. It is a clear indication on structurally bringing down overall the logistic cost and the 
economy, which are currently 14% of the GDP. 
The government has allocated INR 2.7 lakh crores to the Ministry of Road Transport and 
Highway, our Honourable Minister Shri Nitin ji Gadkari, said that the budget allocation to the 
roads and highway sectors will help build roads like the US by the end of 2024. This means that 
there is a huge scope for consultancy services that we offer. So we are working majority in 
highway sectors at present. 
Consultancy services accounts for close to 10% of the total project cost, that you can estimate 
the huge growth potential for our business. Here empanelment is the key, and only qualified and 
an established player like Dhruv Consultancy has the opportunity to bid. And earlier the ticket 
size was INR 2 crores, INR 3 crores and INR 5 crores, now INR 10 crores. We have recently 
bagged the Ganga Expressway for INR 22 crores, also.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
So in the Consultancy business, the bid is evaluated, based on technical score, which has an 80% 
weightage. And financials score which has 20% weightage. The technical score is based on 
factors such as the company credentials, use of equipment, software. And the CVs of the key 
professionals, sub-professionals that we are proposing on our sites.  
Our current score is 95-plus and we are among the Top 5 infrastructure consultants in the 
highway sector in the country. We are optimistic to get good orders from their estimated order 
outflow for the next two to three years. As said in the last conference call is been that, we are 
also entering into the international market and we are very confident to win one or two bids with 
high-profit margins. Currently, the company has been shortlisted in eight projects out of the 75 
expression of interest that were submitted. Mainly the projects in Cambodia, Bangladesh, 
Zambia, Nigeria, Kazakhstan etcetera.  
So the order inflow has been very good for the past few months, since the beginning of FY ’23. 
Till-date we have bagged orders close to INR 130 crores, which is the highest ever in the history 
of the company. And the order book as on December ’22 stands at INR 500 crores, of which the 
unexecuted is INR 296 crores. 
Now I request our GM Accounts and Finance, to take us through the financial performance for 
the reported quarter, and nine month of FY ’23. 
Rajesh Sindhav: 
Thank you, Tanvi. And welcome to everyone. I’m just disclosing the financials highlights for 
the nine month, closing 0n 2023, as well as the Q3 result. The company for the nine month 
performance, total revenue of the company has grown by 10% from INR 54.77 crores, INR 60.16 
crores. At the same time, the total expenditure has grown up by 16% from INR 47.23 crores to 
INR 54.94 crores. So there is a net increase in the expenditure by INR 7.71 crores 
At the same time, the profit after tax has gone down by 22% from INR 6.9 crores to INR 4.72 
crores. The major contribution in the increase in the cost on account of the employee cost by 
15%, there is an increase in the finance cost by 40% and administration costs by 13%. So this 
has been impacted the profitability of the company in this nine months result. And mainly gone 
up and the concern in it declines the profit on account of there is an increase in the professional 
fees by INR 4 crores and increase in the ECL provision by INR 90 lakh.At the same time there 
is reduction in the cost of the other item like travelling expenditure.  
For the period of three months for the ’23 as well as comparable with the ’22 of the last year, 
the company has net total revenue of INR 22 crores, against the last year is INR 20 crores. So 
there is a net increase by 8% in the revenue in the Q3 result of the vis-à-vis that the last year for 
the same period. The total expenditure has gone up by 13% from INR 18 crores to INR 20 crores. 
So there is a net increase by INR 2.5 crores in that case. 
The profit of the Q3 for the FY ’23 against FY ’22 was increased by INR 76 lakhs, from INR 1 
crores to INR 1.82 crores. Because the main reason for the increase in the profitability on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
account of that, there is an excess provision of income tax  for the assessment, year 2021. Off 
Which necessary entry has been passed to the books of accounts. So these are the results for the 
Q3, as well as the nine months. Any question for that? 
Moderator: 
Sir, we may go-ahead with the question-and-answer session, sir? 
Tanvi Auti: 
 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mukesh Panjwani, from Value Securities. 
Mukesh Panjwani: 
As we know that a lot of work is going on in road, infra in India, but we cannot see much of 
growth in Dhruv’s revenue in current financial year. Like last year, it was around INR 75 crores. 
And in the trailing 12 months it is INR 80 crores. So while we haven’t grown in a reasonable 
manner as even though our base is still small? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Yes, so there are two reasons. If you see the nine-month-to-nine-month comparison, there is a 
marginal increase in the top-line, I’m accepting it is marginal only. Secondly, the main reason 
for, you can say, not reflecting the things in our books of accounts. The progress of the projects 
is that it is a typical government budgetary systems. In which even works are also avoided in the 
Q4. This Q3, all the results are outcome of Q2, and Q2 is mainly dominated by the monsoon 
season. So in the monsoon season the sites are slow, our revenues are slow, even issuing the 
work orders also on little bit on slow track. That reflects on Q3, then Q3 and Q4, very good. 
Historically, our revenues are 60% to 65% in Q3, Q4. So I’m not worried about that. We will 
definitely doing better, if you are seeing at the Q4. 
Mukesh Panjwani: 
How should we see our company going ahead, like three to five years from now, in terms of 
revenues and in terms of margin? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
If you see our last year’s unexecuted order book, it was hardly INR 150 crores-plus. Now, today 
it is double, almost INR 300 crores we are touching unexecuted order book. I’m underlining in 
a bold line, unexecuted still one quarter has to go. So this unexecuted order book is giving us 
assurance of next two to three years visibility on the top-line as well as the profits. 
This is straight away, I am talking about the existing order book. As explained by our MD in the 
initial talk, we have bided very aggressively in terms of expression of interest. First in the 
international consultancy market almost 70-plus bids, we have already submitted in form of EOI. 
And we are very much sure in current calendar year, we will enter into international markets in 
aggressive way. That is going to give us the good visibility for the next three to four years. 
Once we enter, we will be touching the skies in international market also, because our credentials 
are very, very strong, one. And we are the only consultancy firm there, who are public limited 
and listed on the stock exchange. 
Mukesh Panjwani: 
What should be the average order size, when we talk about international market? And what about 
the margins? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
See, ticket size there is INR 20 crores to INR 25 crores in terms of INR, of course we will get in 
dollar. But ticket size is almost getting double in international market, and of course then 
profitability is also very high. I am expecting our unexecuted order book at least three times in 
next three years, if we successfully go ahead with the international bidding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate, from Kamayakya Wealth Management 
Private Limited.  
Tushar Raghatate: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir my question is on your order books. You 
mentioned back in a con call that you submitted a bid drop INR 700 crores of orders. Firstly sir, 
what is the update on the same? And secondly, you also mentioned that you’re bidding on the 
international order. And so in that, where is a process as of now? So when can we expect the 
conversion of all the bids, which you have… 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Can you repeat the first question? I missed out. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
So you all submitted it, in the last con call you mentioned you submitted a bid for INR 700 worth 
of order. I just wanted to know the update on the same, this INR 700 crores order, and also in 
the global orders. 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Yes. That I will explain now. The first part, INR 700 crores bids are submitted. The process of 
scrutiny is now expedited, of course, considering the ’24, ’25 the election year. The results are 
coming much faster than earlier, normally results of the bidding comes after six months. But 
now the time has come down to four months, it may come down to three months in the next 
financial year. So we are expecting at least 20% of the success. So additional INR 150 crores-
plus order book should be swelled in the next four to five months, part one Indian market.  
And as global market the process is guided by the World Bank, you can say directives and 
procedures, which is the internationally accepted. And there they first go for expression of 
interest, it is sort of shortlisting. And once we qualify in that -- that is the technical qualification, 
then they issue the RFP that is a Request For Proposal document. And then we have to submit 
our financial bid. 
Unfortunately the corona was there, all over the world not too hard hit in India. But at some part 
of the world, the corona was there and the procedure was little bit slow on evaluation slight side, 
last calendar year. But current calendar year, we can expect the results in eight months. When 
we submit the from the date of submission of EOI, till getting the result. Which was previously 
almost I can say 18 months to 20 months. So that time has also reduced, because the corona is 
now almost zeroing down all over the world. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
What sort of revenue and margins you are targeting in the next two to three years? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
See, top line, as I explained in earlier question, if unexecuted order book today is INR 300 crores, 
which is to be completed in two, 2.5 years only. So definitely we will be doing much, much 
better in terms of top line in next two, three years. Order book, I already explained. PAT and 
EBITDA bound to increase for the reason that all the initial mobilized expenses are already there 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
in Q3. And revenue is yet to come, because the billing cycle is 60 days, or sometimes 75 days. 
So Q4, the government normally try to end the budget on 31st of March. All the expenses should 
be in place. So Q4 should be a good in terms of revenue where the expenditure is already booked 
in Q3 that is one thing. 
Secondly, if you observe the budget at micro-level. There was provision of about INR 2 lakh 
crores, in current financial year, that is ’22-’23 for the highway sector. Which is exhausted or 
expended in initial nine months only. And they have made additional 20% for the current 
financial year. So from INR 200 crores, it is already INR 240 crores, it is INR 40 crores, INR 40 
lakh crores, more for the current year. So that is indicating how the sector is growing speedily 
ahead of the budget provisions. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, and my next question, you mentioned that the NHAI contribution to the order book is 
increasing. But is my understanding correct that the working capital requirements will gradually 
reduce going forward next two to three years? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Yes, our working capital requirements definitely will go on higher side. We have already tried 
for the preferential issue and we are hoping to get it closed. Partly it is successful, partly it is yet 
to be -- working capital requirements are there, definitely because on the debt side, we have the 
limitations because of the banking norms and all other things. Still we are in the process of 
getting additional INR 5 crores, INR 6 crores sanction from the Punjab National Bank, in current 
financial only. So working capital requirement is definitely going to get higher side considering 
the international assignments. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, in terms of competition, like the top players. Sir, where do we stand in terms of technical 
capacities and all such aspects? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
If you see our historical records that are available on website, also on various social media 
posting. We were scoring 88, 90 marks, before I can say COVID. During COVID, we jumped 
from 88, 90 to 90, 92. And post COVID, considering the four lane in completion, a similar type 
of experience and better CV we got from the HR market. 
Today we are scoring 95-plus mark out of 100. Which is I can say quite admirable. The 
competitors, we are in the elite group of competitors. So 95-plus, hardly three or four competitors 
are scoring nowadays. And we are in that elite group. So chances of getting the works are higher 
now, and also chances of getting that works with better margin is also now on cards. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
So, you mean to say that only two, three players of the… 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
There are three, four players who are full marks or equal to us. We are trying to touch to 96 or 
97, in current calendar year. But I can’t name it also ICT is there, RV is there, SA [inaudible 
0:19:44] there, they are well established players and they’re also doing equally good as we are.  
Tushar Raghatate: 
Any completion from L&T or the big infra companies, in terms of … 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
No. The infra company they are in construction only. Ours is purely a consultancy, purely, purely 
a consultancy, it is a service sector. In the religious language, I can say, we always play roll of 
Shri Krishna in Mahabharat. We cannot be Arjun. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
What would be the difference in terms of orders, the company’s you named? Three, four 
companies in terms of size and orders, what was the difference between ours and them? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Some are below and some are above us, maybe 10%, 20%-plus or minus. One or two marks here 
and there, that depends on how you submit your bids. So I can say we are at par. The only big 
difference between other companies and we, is that we are the only company listed on Public 
Limited and listed on BSE, NSE both. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, in terms of employees, what is the average experience of the employees? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
See, the employees are of two types. You can say one is a permanent employee. They are 
associated with us since long, say, 15 years, 20 years or more than 10 years. So they are working 
mainly in the head offices. They are working in the designs, they are working at the coordinator, 
they are in working as a CFO or not-technical section, business development, etcetera. 
Second, chunk of the employee are on site. I can say, 70% of the employee are on site. Their 
appointment is purely on contract basis. Once the project is over, their assignment is 
automatically over, automatically. It is as per the RFP only that is as per the contract document 
only. So no liability, no legal or financial liability once the project is completed. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
So sir, my last question, now you are diversifying into other businesses as well. So when can we 
expect the material contribution of those diversification to our revenue? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
See, solar, we have kept on the back burner, because of the industry slowdown in that sector. 
And Solid Waste Management, we are definitely trying very hard. But I can say, considering 
our core sectors opportunity, and now the opportunity is opened in the international market. We 
are not very keen on diversification as on now, with very harsh push. Solid Waste Management 
as and when it comes to the opportunity, we are bidding it and we are sure that presently we 
have only one or two or three in our order book. We are sure that we will get additional four, 
five works. And we are first trying to build our own credentials in that sector. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, just one concern, like consultancy is the high margin business. So I just wanted to understand 
whether this diversification will have some drag on the existing business of yours? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
No, that’s why I am saying, suppose now Solid Waste Management, out of our unexecuted order 
book of say INR 300 crores, is hardly INR 2 crores, so it has not much impact on that. And once 
we get sizable work, we will try to prepare a separate balance sheet, or maybe we will take it in 
the [inaudible 0:23:16] if the projects allows to format to. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nitya Shah, from Kamayakya Wealth Management.  
Nitya Shah: 
I just wanted to understand, I was noticing in the investor presentation that, at the peak your 
employee count was at around, you could say 480, nearing 500. And now the total number of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
employees is 350. I want to understand that, considering the number of orders that are increasing 
and know the work is going to significantly increase, what is your target employee headcount 
over the next two years? Like, I am expecting the number of engineers and experts hired will be 
much further, and will this cause a big drag in margins due to rise in employee expenditure? As 
it was visible in this quarter also? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Good question, basically the reduction in employee number is because, as I explained earlier, 
because completion of the projects. The project, our assignment in the project is in two parts. 
One is, [inaudible 0:24:31] that is construction starts and construction ends. So that is about three 
years, maximum. Two, two and a half, sometimes three years.  
Then another three to four years is a defect liability period. Wherein we have to observe the 
defects on the project, which is completed by the contractor or concessionary and which is 
supervised by us. And it is to be brought to the notice of concessionary or contractor as well as 
to the client. And our duty is to get it repaired or rectified. 
Now, for that second part, we hardly need 10% of the employee, say 20 people were there, then 
only we need two people. So, drastically reduction in number, because of majority was assigned 
in '19-'20, and '20-'21 completed. And drastically reduction in number.  
Now coming forward to the new orders and order book and international market. The ticket size 
has been increased in the new order book. If you see in micro-level, ticket size was INR 5 crores, 
INR 6 crores, now, it is INR 7 crores, INR 8 crores. One assignment we got of INR 21 crores. 
International market of course is INR 20 crores plus.  
But touchwood, the manpower requirement is same for the ticket size, additional ticket size 
works in India. 20 means 20, only what we have to add is added qualification in that employee 
that we are getting on the market. Say, if they are comfortable with say graduation. Now, they 
will ask for post-graduation. If they are comfortable with post-graduation, they will ask for 
postgraduate with 20 years experience. So, only they will increase in quality of the manpower, 
not number of the manpower. And then manpower cost doesn’t increase the proportionate to the 
ticket size or work order. 
International market is very interesting. The manpower requirement is almost, I can say half. 
Because majority of the works are to be done, are from the head office or it is intellectual work. 
Nitya Shah: 
So, I can expect a sort of operating leverage also kicking in, due to you know less number of 
employees required to do large number of contracts, right? Is my understanding correct? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Correct. 
Nitya Shah: 
And my second question was regarding the competitive scenario. I just wanted an understanding, 
let’s say companies like RITES, which is a PSU. And there are other big fours like, Deloitte, 
PwC are they also involved in infrastructure consulting as we are? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
I have to explain it, Deloitte, E & Y, and PwC they are dominantly the financial consultant, 
having very short or very weak arm of technical. Normally they outsource the technical things 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
for the consultants, small sites consultants. But their main assignments are advising the 
government on policy matters, or financial flows for the government. Government companies 
like MSRDC or KHRDC, that IL&FS was previously working, they are the consultancy. So, the 
PwC, and PwC, E & Y, they are basically the auditing firms. 
Now, the RITES. RITES in India undertaking, and railway works are by default awarded to them 
only without tender. So, of course their order books are very strong and their profit margins may 
be very high, and their turnover may be very high. All other things are very high, because entire 
Indian railways, including their all subsidies and other things, like metros or bullet trains or 
everything. The RITES get the first right. And of the very less cases, they tender it. So, we also 
are trying to enter into this Metro and railways now, where the competition is available for 20%, 
30% area. Since the budget provision current year is highest for the railways, we are desperately 
trying to enter into railways with our present qualifications. 
Nitya Shah: 
And my last question sir, was on the guidance now, say considering you know, the infrastructure 
boom is going on in India and railways and road construction. Can we expect the current INR 
500 crores order book, to reach to say INR 1,000 crores order book by FY ’25? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Definitely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Shrimali, from DS Investment.  
Devesh Shrimali: 
I’m sorry, I joined late. So missed the initial commentary. My first question is around the 
sustainable margins, whether quarterly or annualised basis, can you give some color on that, 
please? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Tanvi, can you answer? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Can you repeat the question? There was some disturbance at my end. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
Sure, so, you know, I join late so, I might missed the initial commentary. I was just looking to 
understand what is our sustainable margin, whether annual or quarterly basis and is there any 
seasonality in it? How do we read the numbers? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, so, since you joined late, I think we are already covered these points. During monsoon 
period, that is the quarter 1 and quarter 2, the progress of the work is usually slow and the flow 
of orders is also less. So, in Q3, the orders come in our hands, and from Q4 the revenue 
recognition actually starts for the newly awarded projects. And initially, there are mobilisation 
expenses also. So, overall, if you say for the total projects, the margins are between 10% to 15%. 
And these are for the projects that we have already bided, or that we have already received. And 
for Q1 and Q2 it may differ, and Q3 and Q4 they’re slightly on the higher side. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
And annual level what is the guidance that you sort of see going forward ’24, ’25? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, so we are expecting the same increase, a stable increase that you have seen in the last one 
or two years. Since the infrastructure development, so to speak, but we are expecting an inflated 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
order book this financial year, because this is going to be the last year before the election at the 
central government level.  
So, the order book that is there, right now, the order book is about INR 500 crores. We are 
expecting it to swell this financial year, even in quarter 1 and quarter 2, we can expect some 
results there. So, this year is going to be very good for the entire infrastructure industry. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
I think that was looking more from margin, because ’16 to ’19 we did about 26%, 27% margin. 
After that we have been sort of quite up and down. So ’24-’25 can we get back to the 26%, 27% 
margin range? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, that is the reason why we are now shifting our base to international project as well, where 
the margins are 30% and above. So, once we start getting international orders of course, it will 
not be 16% to 19%, it might be much above also. So, we need to keep a balance off the domestic 
and international orders. International orders as like mentioned, they are more of intellectual, 
less manpower required. Even though we consider the exchange rate, and of course, income will 
be in dollar. So if the dollar rate goes on increasing, our income also goes on increasing. So that 
advantage we will definitely get. And as margins are concerned, as I said, they are close to 30% 
for international orders. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
And the last one was more around the, talent recruitment side. And the current situation when 
there is infra boom, I’m sure we are chasing the same skill-set that many other companies are. 
Do you see any challenges on that part? Or you think we are well covered there? 
Tanvi Auti: 
We do have a very strong recruitment team in-house itself. Whereas most people are dependent 
outside. And the major advantage, one is that, since many retired government officials, they 
retire at the age of the 58. They see this company as a second home, because even Dandawate 
sir, has worked in the government previously. So they have a certain amount of comfort coming 
back to us, and their CVs are so strong that they become highly competitive in the market.  
So as on date, we have not faced this problem, even with the highest competition. And even in 
the private sector, so the work culture and the comfort of working that we give here, is our USP 
amongst our competitors. So, even those who have come from other competitive firms and 
joining us, being a part of a listed company. Because we have advantages like giving [new 
thoughts 0:34:08]. So they have a certain inclination towards Dhruv Consultancy. So as on date, 
we have not faced this problem. 
Devesh Shrimali: 
And one additional would be, you said, we are looking at INR 500 crores order book soon. Now 
to sort of reach there, do we need some working capital enhancements? Or how are we placed 
around that money raise in part? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, right now, our total debt is INR 16 crores. But yes, if there is a swell in the order book, we 
will definitely require additional working capital. But the requirement, since the initial 
mobilization expenses, and first bill take about three to four months to get realizing the accounts. 
That short gap needs to be fulfilled. So not much of a major issue, but yet the working capital 
requirement will always be there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himani Oban, from Suraj Research.  
Himani Oban: 
Sir, my question is, government is focusing on infrastructure capex on the next three, five years. 
Can you share our size of opportunity? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Yes, surely. There is one document called NIP, National Infrastructure Pipeline, published by 
Task Force of Ministry of Finance Government of India. They have shortlisted, analyse and 
made provisions, just like Planning Commission was doing previously, for [inaudible 0:36:11] 
five, six years, starting from, I think 2018, 2019. The document is available on the website also. 
It has made a provision of INR 100 lakh crores for infrastructure development in India in five 
years. Starting from ’18-’19. So out of that INR 20 lakh crores, that is 20% of the provision is 
only to the highway sector.  
Now, when it started gearing up, unfortunately, COVID came. So, the expenditure or you can 
say, tenders awarded till date are only INR 10 lakh crores. And INR 10 lakh crores tenders to be 
awarded in next two years. 
Moderator: 
Sorry. The line for you is not very good. It’s difficult to say or would you saying, there is a little 
disturbance. 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Shall I repeat everything? 
Moderator: 
 
No sir, the last… 
Himani Oban: 
 
Yes, the last… 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
So, Yes. So INR 10 lakh crores order are issued. And INR 10 lakh crores orders are to be issued 
in highway sector only. So the slowdown that INR 10 lakh crores, remaining to be issued in next 
two financial years. So this slowdown is mainly due to the COVID, it should have been at the 
INR 14 lakh, INR 15 lakh crores as on now, but it is minus INR 4 lakh crores, INR 5 lakh crores, 
because of the COVID impact in 2021 and partly '21-'22. So opportunities are huge for every 
infra, mainly consultants are the front runner for first, you can say, advantage picking sector. So 
we are expecting everything to be doubled in next two years. 
Himani Oban: 
And then next question is, can you please share your order book breakup, NHAI, State Highway? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Yes, we have the -- major clients are two only. One is, NHAI that is National Highway Authority 
of India. And another is MoRTH, The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, both are 
Government of India department and companies. So today, broadly 60% of our orders are from 
NHAI, which better client for in terms of payment systems, and also in terms of technic side. 
Because they are doing eight lane, six lane works, expressways, all the things. MoRTH order 
book is roughly 30%, which is commonly doing the two lane or three lane roads. So the ticket 
size a little bit smaller. And only 10% of our order book is from other parts of the sector. Like, 
one is Ganga Expressway, we got from UPEIDA that is UP Government. Then, few of the orders 
in Maharashtra. So other state highways or other clients are only 10%. 
Himani Oban: 
And in which states will be more opportunities in highway? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
See, today, four years back our presence was only in Maharashtra, with little bit in Gujarat. 
Today, we have the presence in 28 states of India, out of 30. We don’t have the presence only in 
two states, North states, that is I think Nagaland and Tripura. Else, we are spread all over the 
India. So opportunities are not state-wise, because it is a centralized, Government of India task 
force, and Government of India vision, they have done. I can say, it has nothing to do with states. 
It is spread over, all over India in fact more on the Northeast part of India. 
Himani Oban: 
And my last question is, please share your order book and execution timeline? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Order book as explained, it is roughly INR 300 crores, unexecuted to be completed in this 
financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yashwanti Khedkar, an Individual Investor.  
Yashwanti Khedkar: 
So you were talking about entering to the international market where the margins are 
comparatively high. If we see the current quarter and the nine months, our margins there, quarter-
to-quarter the margins have come down. But on overall basis for the nine months it around 13.7-
odd figure. So with this international contribution coming into account, not for the current year, 
not for FY ’24. But for FY ’25 onwards, so where do you see our margin to stabilize? 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Tanvi? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, so the assignment that are been ordered internationally, are for a period of six to seven 
years. So maybe, not in two years, but in three financial year, you would be able to see the effect. 
With respect to international market there that --as our sir also rightly explained that turnaround 
time was slightly slow. Say, it takes about eight to nine months, for a bid to get converted into 
an order. So, eight, nine months goes there, after that, the construction period, is goes up to three 
year, and then the maintenance. So it will take three financial years for the margins to actually 
improve there. 
But in addition, we are not only dependent on the international market for our margins. Recently 
we have posted on the exchange website also that we have been awarded with three states, we 
have been awarded with projects in three states for traffic survey. Under IHMCL, Indian 
Highways Management Company Limited. For these three states, we are going to carry out 24/7 
traffic survey. 
So earlier also we had such a project like the Mobile Bridge Inspection Unit which we -- through 
the Mobile Bridge Inspection Unit, we were inspecting all the roads where margins were 40%and 
50%. So such kind of expertise work are also coming along with the current work we are doing 
where margins are 40% to 50%. Projects like traffic survey like MBIU.  
Now they are also exploring that this Mobile Bridge Inspection Unit be using the railway. And 
we have already seen, the amount of budget allocation done for the railway sector. So this is the 
right time we target the railway sector and will be a new entrant there, because there are hardly 
any consultancy firms working in the railways sectors. So and we have an advantage of a good 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
experience in highway sector. So such projects along with the international project, we can 
definitely see an improvement in the margin in one or two financial year also. 
Yashwanti Khedkar: 
What is the quantum of the traffic monitoring consultancy services going forward in our order 
book? 
Tanvi Auti: 
Yes, so these assignments are for one year only. But they are extendable from time-to-time, 
because our need of traffic survey is going to arrive, if infrastructure development or Road 
development is required. So traffic surveys, it’s never going to end. So the total tune of these 
three states that we have received is close to INR 10 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Vastupal Shah for the closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Vastupal Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you for joining the conference call of Dhruv Consultancy Services Limited. 
If you have any queries, you can reach out to us at research@kirinadvisors.com. And once more, 
many thanks to management team and all the participants for joining the conference call. Thank 
you. 
Pandurang Dandawate: 
Thank you, very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines.  
