31st January, 2023  
  
The Manager, 
The Manager 
BSE Limited,  
  
                  
Listing Department  
  
  
  
Floor 25, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
Dalal Street,                      
  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
 
Mumbai - 400 001.       
  
  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051.  
Ph. No.  022- 22721233 / 22721234   
Ph. No. 022- 26598100 / 26598101  
Fax No. 022-22723121 / 22721072  
Fax No. 022-26598237 / 26598238 
  
 
  
  
Codes:          BSE    Scrip code 500215, Co. code 1311  
  
  
                      NSE     Symbol ATFL, Series EQ-Rolling Settlement  
  
  
    
 
Dear Sir,  
  
Sub:  Transcript of the Analyst Call pursuant to the Unaudited Financial Results for quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December, 2022  
 
  
  
In continuation to our earlier letter dated 11th January, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith 
the transcript of the Analyst call held on 25th January, 2023 for discussing the Unaudited Financial Results of 
the Company for quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2022 approved at the meeting of the Board of 
Directors of the Company which was held on 24th January, 2023. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.atfoods.com   
 
You are requested to take this on record.  
  
Thanking you,  
  
Yours faithfully,  
For Agro Tech Foods Limited  
  
 
 
 JYOTI CHAWLA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATFL an affiliate of  
    
Corp. Office: 15th Floor, Tower ‘C’, Bldg # 10, Phase II, DLF Cyber City, Gurgaon-122002. Tel: 91-124-4593700, Fax: 91-124-4593799  
Regd. Office: 31, Sarojini Devi Road, Secunderabad – 500 003, India. Tel: 91-40-66650240,  Fax: 91-40-27800947 Web: www.atfoods.com  
CIN: L15142TG1986PLC006957  
Jyoti Chawla
Digitally signed by Jyoti Chawla 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=192897a3eed282672eb6255c0dbc99b132c55c84fc
988ed791d00575c4bc055b, postalCode=122101, 
st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=a5bd3783836403062fbf96c3995c7ee719161
d698efddbe7d2efb862ed566718, cn=Jyoti Chawla 
Date: 2023.01.31 16:33:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
Q3 FY '23 Financial Results Analyst Call” 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SACHIN GOPAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
 – AGRO TECH FOODS LIMITED 
 
MR. K. P. N. SRINIVAS – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AGRO TECH FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AJAY THAKUR – ANAND RATHI SHARE & STOCK 
BROKERS LTD. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Agro Tech Foods Limited Analyst Call for 
the Q3 FY '23 financial results, hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajay Thakur 
from Anand Rathi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks Darwin. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi, I welcome you all to Q3 
FY '23 Results Conference Call of Agro Tech Foods Limited. From the management side, we 
have Mr. Sachin Gopal, Managing Director, and Mr. K. P. N. Srinivas, CFO of the company. 
We are going to start with opening remarks from the management and followed by the Q&A 
session. I shall request Mr. Sachin Gopal for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sachin Gopal: 
Thank you, Ajay, and good afternoon, everybody. As usual, we'll walk you through the 
presentation, which has already been uploaded, and then we'll take questions after. So thank you 
for joining us once again, and we'll start the meeting without delay. 
All right. So on the second slide, we see company really rallied to become the best performing 
and most respected foods company in India, and we certainly believe that we are right on track 
to be able to get that. In terms of the quarter 3 key performance highlights, the overall headline 
is, we've seen a steady foods growth. It's not been a strong foods growth. It's been a moderate 
foods growth, but it has been steady, and we've also seen improving margins. So we delivered 
foods revenues of about INR 116 crores. This represents a growth of about 7% versus prior year. 
I think our diversified portfolio has helped us to achieve the moderate growth that we have 
delivered because we have multiple lines. Otherwise, if it was just a Ready to Cook business, it 
would certainly not have been able to deliver this. 
So that Foods volumes are having a good portfolio. The key thing, however, is for us to be able 
to get the RTC, to overcome this RTC base impact, which is a very big base. It's almost double 
of what it was a couple of years ago. So there's been a huge lift in our average monthly selling 
rate, almost double. But the thing is that's already in with us, and we need to figure out how to 
continue to grow it so that we are on track for our overall 20%-odd growth in the foods business 
that we'd like to have. So we'll talk more about it today. 
Staples margins, I think, are holding up well. Year-to-date, we have had a gross margin of about 
INR 53 crores. Prior year, for the same period, it was about INR 55 crores. So that's good. I think 
there was a lot of questions at the time that the Ukraine war had started. But overall, I think 
we've kept a fairly clear priority in our minds in terms of gross margin, on the volume -- on the 
margin, which is volume choice, and that has played out reasonably well. So there has been a 
cost in terms of volume, and we'll refer to that and come back to it later. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
During the last November meeting, some questions, many of you had asked, can you just share 
a little bit more about -- in terms of the reading of the results that we gave in terms of what is 
the overall profitability of the foods business. So we don't do any segmental reporting, and I 
don't think we're also going to have the scale in the near term, which necessitates it, but we have 
provided some information today to you.  
What it does is, it's giving the breakup. So you'll see there's net sales that's in the first row. In 
the second row, gross contribution. So that's net sales less raw material less packing material. 
So that will correspond, when you look at the P&L that we published, to less cost of material 
consumed, purchases of stock in trade, and cases and inventory of finished goods and stock in 
trade. 
So if you do the math, for example, on the total company, you'll see we've got net sales of about 
INR 225 crores. And then if you adjust it or from it deduct the first three rows of the expenses 
lines, it will give you a figure of about INR 78 crores. So that gives you an aggregate gross 
contribution for the company of about 35%. Now the aggregate, however, is very divergent when 
it comes to the individual category.  
Foods is now a little more than 50%, 50% to 55% of our business roughly depending on which 
quarter you look at? So half our business is running at about a 24% gross contribution. That's 
the entire Staples business. Here we are not differentiating between Premium Staples and Mass 
Staples. 
And the Food business, and that's the good news, is now back to our historical 45% level. So we 
used to be at 45%, 46% gross contribution level. At our peak, we probably even crossed 50. That 
was a very high share of our Ready to Cook business. And 50% is a benchmark. There are 
companies like Nestle probably at around that level.  
And the 45% to 50% range is good, is the right range to be in if you want to have a 15% to 20% 
EBITDA margin. Because then depending on what your mix is, if you are able to control all 
your costs, which is SG&A, manufacturing costs, advertising and promotion, damages and 
leakages, transportation and warehousing, if you're able to control it at 30%, you'll make a 15% 
EBITDA margin with the 45%. 
Conversely, if you have a 50% gross contribution, then you need about -- you can probably have 
even 35% -- all these expenses within 35% to make it to the 15% EBITDA margin. So we will 
give you a visibility of this from now on, in terms of how is the gross contribution tracking on 
the food business, because this will be important for you to know, okay, are we headed in the 
right direction? Because at the end of the day, if we have a GC in the range of 45% to 50%, I 
think we are okay, and on track for that 15% to 20% EBITDA margin that we want from the 
business. 
With good margin visibility, A&P investment we increased in this quarter. It's up by about INR 
2.6 crores versus prior year. You'll see this later also in our competitive spend chart. And this 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
also will help to address the Ready to Cook growth. We upped the spending on Ready to Cook 
from about INR 1 crore a month to INR 1.5 crores a month in December. We're doing that in 
January as well. And we will continue to invest, so that we get the Ready to Cook business to 
between 10% and 15% growth, so that in aggregate it's the non-Ready to Cook business growth 
at about 25% to 30%, and this grows at about 10% to 15%. In aggregate, we are delivering in 
line with our historical CAGR of about 19% or more.  
You'll see a change of about INR 1 crore in this P&L due to an employee benefit that's largely 
due to hiring. So we have hired more people. There are more people on the ground, more people 
on street with some supervision. So all of those, it's largely accounted for by that. And in other 
expenses, there's about an INR 1 crore increase versus prior year due to higher travel.  
So travel is getting normalized. We are restoring it to earlier levels. Still not fully there, I would 
say, because cost of travel is very high. But we are making a gradual progression towards that. 
And as a consequence, you can see profit before tax and profit after tax for the quarter at about 
INR 9.3 crores and INR 6.8 crores, respectively. So those are the high-level comments on the 
P&L. We will be happy, obviously, to answer any questions that you have later. 
The next chart that we have is performance highlights by category. So we are already familiar 
with it. The five foods categories and the Edible Oils category. And now come to the Ready to 
Cook Snacks category. As you can see, we continue to have about 5% or lower volumes versus 
the prior year, which in our view is largely due to the COVID-19 base impact.  
Elevated level of media investments have been initiated for Popcorn starting December, as I 
mentioned earlier. This will help us to get to the desired levels of growth in FY '24. 
Establishment of the INR 15 price point for Instant Popcorn is underway, supported by retail 
demos, and you'll see more of this as we go in the trade. Roll out of Pizza and Pasta Sauces has 
commenced, and development work is underway for broader Snacking Cookies portfolio to 
support the whole RTC growth in FY '24. And that includes Plant Meats, which we talked about 
earlier. 
The next category is Ready to Eat snacks. Here, as you can see, we continue to have strong 
growth. It's about 40% up in volume and about 50% up in value. But as you can see in quarter 
3, the gap between volume and value has narrowed down. So that decrease is happening because 
we are starting to lap periods which contains price increases in the prior year. So going forward, 
you can expect that value and volume will start to better mirror each other. You may not see so 
much of a gap between the two. 
Sweet Snacks, which we talked to you about last time, are starting to gain momentum. That's 
really Caramel Bliss and the Sundrop Duo Cruncheez. And actually, the impact of greater scale 
in ready-to-eat popcorn, the increased share of sweet, and a greater absorption of overheads by 
breakfast cereal is significantly enhancing the profitability of Ready to Eat Snacks. So for those 
of you who will recall, who either met us or you asked a question in the call, we have always -- 
our position has been that Ready to Eat Snacks is the conveyor belt of the company. This is what 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
carry it, and we have seen that. In areas where we have plants for ready-to-eat popcorn, where 
we are able to service the distributors there in a close proximity, our coverage is much-much 
better than in areas which are distant from the plants. 
So I think this is critical for us in terms of our coverage expansion. And the only thing that 
always has been at the back of our mind is how will we be able to actually make this category 
profitable. Because at the end of the day, EBITDA margins on RTE Snacks are lower than they 
are on a category like chocolates or ready-to-cook products.  
But the good news is that we are, I think, getting closer to finding that answer. We've seen a 
significant jump this year in terms of profitability, helped by each of these three types. So this 
is good. And therefore, we believe that everything is right now, meaning that we should be in a 
stage where all of this conveyor belt, if you will, is self-funding. So it's not eating into resources 
that we would otherwise need to require to build the other four categories in terms of media and 
other promotion activities. 
So we will continue to drive both the scale of the savory and the share of sweet. This is absolutely 
right. And going forward, it will remain a good direction. But it's a satisfactory outcome as we 
see it for the first 9-months of the year, and it seems like it's very much in place. So that's good. 
The next category is Spreads and Dips. You can see here that we've still got a fairly steady 
volume performance. And as we mentioned to you about must be more than a year ago, maybe 
18 months ago, we felt that we had lost some share or were losing share in this segment. We 
think that whatever share we had lost, we've more than regained, if anything, gained a little extra. 
And we've also, therefore, been able to increase our share in many segments. We have modern 
trade data where we do get data from our customers, and it shows that we are absolutely solid in 
terms of our share position from the data that we've seen, and I think almost any share that 
Unilever has taken has been from the other players. 
So only yesterday we were in the trade and looking and one of our older competitors was out of 
the store and the number of players physically available is now reduced. Our assessment also is 
that new competitors are struggling to find relevance. So in a sense that we are there, we've built 
the category, we are in very-very strong share.  
And those large FMCG players, you've all seen the Unilever investor meets, results, and the 
charts, and even the DTC players are really-really struggling to find relevance in the category. 
So I think it is evident for the most in the foods business. At the end of the day, the food business, 
one of the reasons is the great foods is a great business is it got very good moats. Consumers 
don't move so easily away from you and you are able to, therefore, have a very-very strong share 
position. So I think we're in a very different space from where we were 18 months ago. So all 
looking good. 
We started the roll out of the new high-protein variant, which is PeAq. It will take its time. We 
are doing -- we have to go through the process of distribution expansion. It will have to be 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
supported by things like gym retailing. That said, oral care companies do doctor retailing, we 
have to do gymnasium retailing, talking to people in the gyms. So it will be a slow process, but 
it will be a very effective process. And over time, therefore, we expect to establish the PeAq 
brand name not only specific to peanut butter, but establish it as a high-protein offerings, and 
therefore, it will lend itself to many other areas like granola bars and protein bars, so on and so 
forth. 
We also expect going forward that the gap between volume and value to narrow as we lap the 
prior year price reduction in peanut butter. So quarter 4 is a quarter in which we started rolling 
out the lower prices of peanut better, and that's why you've seen there's almost been a 1,500 basis 
gap in terms of value being lower than volume because of that price reduction. We are now past 
that stage, because the base will correct itself. The gap, I think, in a month like January will 
probably come down to about only 2% or 3% in terms of net sales per kilo. 
So we would expect that in quarter 4, I think we should expect that the gap between the two will 
decrease. And therefore, next year, we will be projecting probably a value growth ahead of 
volume growth. Because now that we've actually taken care of our share position, we need to 
focus also on margin improvement. We've written out our gross margin check to be able to 
defend our position in the category, but that's done now and it's all settled down. 
So some work we will do on margin improvement. This includes some pricing, which is 
underway, which is work in progress right now, supported by a greater focus on higher margin 
SKUs. Obviously, we'll keep an eye in terms of our total share of the category, but we feel that 
it's in good shape and therefore, merits this improvement. And we will continue to build 
Chocolates, Spreads and Dips.  
These are small categories for us, and they will take time, but we'll keep nurturing them as we 
go along. So that each of these categories individually in the next few years can get to about INR 
20 crores, INR 25 crores. So that at that stage you don't have to look around for new things to 
do. We already have the categories in place, and then we have more advertising resources, which 
we will, as gross margin on foods becomes better and foods becomes a larger part of the process, 
we will have the money to be able to invest in these categories. 
Next page is on Breakfast Cereals. As you can see, the numbers are looking very good. 
Expansion of Center Filled Cereals and roll out of Value Added Oats ensured strong category 
growth. So we are up 54% in volume and 54% in value. There could be a few pieces movement 
here in the sense that we are taking some amount of pricing in some of these, where we feel we 
have headroom for pricing. But there have been new, if you will, variants, like say, Value Added 
Oats, which come in at a lower revenue per ton. So how exactly it balances, I'm not able to say 
precisely right now.  
So broadly, volume and value will be in a certain range within each other. The Center Filled 
Cereals are really doing very well. You can see that if you go to the competitive spend chart, 
you'll see that Kellogg's has spent money and Tata Soulfull has also spend money. This is good 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
news for us, because we are riding it. And it's one of the reasons we've a very-very good growth, 
because we have a great product. So that's good. And we've introduced a Cookie and Crème 
variant, which is -- with the launch of Oreo, there has been a taste establishment in India of 
Cookie and Creme, and the product is very well accepted. So we've been retailing it now for 
maybe two to three months now. 
We also have another product, which is a bit like the Kellogg's Chocos, so that's what we call 
Shells. So we've reworked this product and it's being rolled out now to improve our bottom of 
the pyramid offering. The earlier product we felt was a little hard and needed to be corrected. 
And this will support broad-based growth by the time we start advertising Center Filled Cereals.  
The Center Filled Cereals along with Duo Chocolate is one of the -- they are the two candidates 
for advertising support as we see the margin opening up, which is evident even in this quarter. 
So that will be a strong candidate for receiving some media support. But at the time that we 
advertise this, Center Filled Cereals cannot reach a INR 5 slot. It's not possible. The number of 
pieces is very little. So the Shells product has to do the work. 
So it was important to rework this, and I think this is also being done. That way when we 
advertise the franchise, we get the benefit on Center Filled Cereals, and we also get the benefit 
on the Shells product, which is available at a lower price. Overall, very strong momentum, you 
can see, driven by very high-quality offerings. Our products are excellent. And I think you can 
ask anybody that and our products have been outstanding. We will continue to focus on volume 
growth, including distribution and on-shelf presence to improve category profitability through 
operating leverage. 
So as I talked to you earlier in the context of Ready to Eat Snacks, there's a lot of overhead that 
is currently being absorbed by the Breakfast Cereals line now. So with volume, we should get 
the benefit in terms of both the fixed cost and in terms of depreciation and therefore, see an 
improvement. That is the work we have. It's just that we need to time the advertising and so on 
and so forth, how we're going to be able to get the best benefit. 
The next slide, if you can just go to, is Chocolates. We have had definitely less than desired 
growth in this category in quarter 3. We struggled with the optimization of simultaneous 
production, packing and shipping of multiple SKUs. And this was really not completed during 
the quarter. We got a second line, and there have been challenges out of Germany, as all of you 
know, Germany has struggled. It was there in the Hershey’s call also, the global call, I think 
about a couple of months ago, where they had talked about it, because Germany is the primary 
machinery supplier for chocolates even to the United States. And they're very good at it, but 
they've had challenges. 
Countries have challenges aside from energy, labor shortages, etcetera. So we installed the 
second line, but there have been still some challenges on effectively scaling up and having a 
very good rhythm in the plant. So we are working towards establishing the required supply chain 
for the category in Q4. Q4 and Q1 anyway are good times to do it because starting February, 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
March, then the weather, temperatures go up. And therefore, we need to be a little careful. 
Everybody's volumes also come down a little bit. Obviously, year-on-year it doesn't matter. But 
it's there. So it gives some breathing space to the plant. We're also, as we've told you earlier, 
looking to establish an almost INR 100 crores-plus capacity in Hinjewadi. So all that work will 
be underway, and I think we should be able to use the next few months between now and when 
the monsoons occur and then the next season starts, to be able to close this piece. 
We've had an excellent response to retail display initiatives wherever we've done that, which 
really confirms the validity of this growth lever in the large and profitable Chocolate 
confectionery category. So as we mentioned to you, we are going to test the limits in this 
category, see up to what point we can get with display without spending significant amounts on 
media, because we want to focus our media right now on the Ready to Cook category, so that 
we are able to get that growth rate. 
So we will rely quite heavily on display. And this category responds very well to it. So there's 
no problem. So only yesterday, I think, I was in a store here and we had almost between 15 and 
20 secondary displays of chocolates in that store. And even in the main category, I would say 
we had a good couple of shelfs, very nice, very nice, despite the fact that some of our offerings 
are small in size, but overall excellent position to be. 
Steady shipments have also been established in the important Gifting category. Gifting is an 
important category for Chocolates. As you know, it is a convenient category to give. So it takes 
a little while to get it right. But specifically we've got now a couple of gift packs which are very 
good, and they can handle high temperature, high moisture conditions quite easily. So we are 
happy with that. 
The key work right now that we are doing is really capacity. We need to work on expanding the 
capacity. We need to work on increasing the productivity, because we need to establish what are 
the right processes, how do we get the exact output in each part of the line. These are just 
technical details, but this has to be done. And also automation. There is a lot of labor in 
Chocolates and secondary packaging, and we need to automate that to the extent that we can, so 
that work is also underway. So in fact, I think probably next year as we deploy our capital 
expenditure plan, probably there will be more investment in automation than we've probably 
done in the earlier years as we are trying to scale up and therefore reduce our manufacturing 
costs. 
In terms of Staples, that's the next page. In Premium Staples, you can see volumes are down 
minus 15% and value is down 10%. This is really for the quarter and aggregate is about 12% 
and 6%, which is probably you can treat the aggregate as representative in overall context for 
the year. Individual quarters may vary a little bit. So this is really the cost of being focused on 
margin. We are very focused on margin on Staples. And from a margin perspective, we believe 
we've done well. We've lagged the downward slope of the pricing probably a little bit, but not 
so much. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
And therefore, we're okay, we've come out well, I think, through the entire Ukraine war, and the 
consequent volatility in the market. And Mass Staples really reflects the exit from Crystal, 
because there is only one month of this quarter where we had Crystal in the prior year. So starting 
quarter 4, there will be no Crystal in the prior year. So you can expect that you will not see this 
kind of negative start in quarter 4. 
We are also working on the execution to make Premium Staples more broad-based. This is 
underway. This will help to provide procurement scale. And possibly also, as we are finding, as 
we're starting with oats, reduce the total cost of manufacture for the foods business. So we're not 
making any investments in Staples.  
We don't do that in Edible Oils also. But we do invest in packaging machines at our third-party 
packers plants, in our partner plants, because those packaging machines are specifically for our 
laminates and our packs. So we don't intend to do any capital deployment in terms of 
manufacturing or processing on these Staples. If we are buying oats, we'll only be using -- 
segregate into our plant, pack it, and ship it out.  
But each of these elements will help us to also give scale to the plants. So this is -- earlier, we 
had talked about procurement scale, but what we are also seeing is that it will probably help to 
get us lower product overall manufacturing costs. And that's good for us. Because obviously, a 
big part of our margin improvement is going to be focused on how do we reduce the cost of 
manufacturing? And the more broad-based we can make it, the better off we are. So that's 
interesting site development. Roll out of oats has started and we'll start to see our oats and it's 
doing well. Also, Staple items are also under development. 
Here, our focus is always going to be, as we told you earlier, I think that we are already buying, 
but where we see the benefit of scaling up. Meaning, instead of getting smaller quantities, we 
may get full truckloads, then we see a corresponding reduction in price. This happened in oats 
already. And it's going to probably happen in a couple more categories. And as we do that, we 
therefore improve our margins in the foods business across the board. So it's really a nice balance 
of Foods and Staples, and we'll see how to continually optimize it. 
Mass Staples, as I mentioned, reflects largely the exit from Crystal in FY ’22. So the key thing 
really here is, and this is not just true for us in the company, it's true for all people in the Food 
business, the more pricing everybody has taken in FY '23. And in the US, it's pretty common, 
you'll see companies that have taken maybe 15% price increase, who had 8% volume drop, it's 
possible. Or it could be different, you took a 10% price increase and you had a 5% volume drop. 
What is going to happen as everybody enters FY '24 is your revenue per kilo is likely going to 
be lower than what it was in FY '23. Because FY '23 saw a significant increase in prices. This is 
true for our Premium Staples business as well, and even for Mass Staples. Where FY '23 has 
seen an increase in price, so your revenue per kilo has gone up. And then you are exiting FY '23 
at lower revenue per kilo as compared to your peak in FY '23. If that is the case, then it's 
reasonable to assume that unless there is a significant change in global demand patterns over the 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
last 12 months, your average revenue per kilo on some of these staples, or anything for that 
matter, is where you've taken this kind of prices, is likely to be lower next year than it is in the 
current year. 
And depending on how volumes play out, how many consumers come back, how many don't 
stay, you do need to have a plan to be able to offset this revenue. It doesn't really represent the 
margin risk, because margin, as you've seen in the Staples business, is not necessarily correlated 
with volume. It's correlated in the long term, but not necessarily in the short term. So we are 
working on plans to see how these additional Staples making broad-based, we are also able to 
offset the revenue impact, so that in total we are able to do a reasonable job from a total P&L 
perspective. 
All right. So the next is competitive update. I'm not going to spend too much time on this, 
because I think I've spoken a lot right now. So you can see pretty much on Snacks, there's -- you 
can spend more time on the charts later, but there's a visible shake out. With money becoming 
tighter, a lot of the actually fringe players are just cutting back now. People will come into the 
category on an opportunistic basis. 
And really spending is now just six players, when we actually looked at this chart. So if you see, 
the six players are Agro Tech; you can see Frito-Lay; you can see ITC; you can see Crax, which 
is DFM Foods; you can see Prataap Snacks; and Too Yumm, which is very steady in terms of 
its investment. Other than that, everybody is a bit -- they come in, they leave, right, just these 
are fringe players. And I think we are going to see more of this shake out in other categories as 
well, because as money becomes tighter, a lot of the other people, who came in because there 
was easy availability of money, will simply not have the resources to be able to last it out, which 
is good news for a company like us. 
Go to the next page in the spends. So again, you can see Unilever now in total spending almost 
about close to INR 100 crores in that rate. Their own cost of buying will be a little lower than 
that, I'm sure, given their scale. So that's a fairly significant amount of money. And as you saw, 
they were not able to renew their national share of peanut butter in their call. So it really means 
that we've come out very-very well out of it. And again, spending was dominated by long-term 
players. So the fringe players are exiting. You can see that very visibly in peanut butter. You can 
see that even in honey. The people who came in and said, oh, by the way, we'll do a good job 
and entered, leaving gradually. 
So again, same as the Snack story, if you look at it. Just step back for a minute. And you say, 
yes, it seems to make sense now. It is only the long-term players who are going to make, who 
are committed, who set up their own manufacturing, and who've been investing consistently in 
their brands over a period of time, who are now actually going to have a very-very good runway 
ahead of them. 
Breakfast Cereals, again, fairly similar to last period. Kellogg's continues their broad-based 
support. Nestle has discontinued support. So they came in, but they really haven't spent any 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
money last year or this year or the year before this. And whatever they have, I think they have. 
And Tata is investing some amount of money, and we are happy with that, because they invest 
some money on Center Filled along with Kellogg's and that's good for our business, because we 
honestly have very-very good product. So it helps us to build up to that INR 20 crores, INR 25 
crores, INR 30 crores levels that we want and need to be able to invest behind media. 
In Chocolates, if you see, it's again just the major players that they are all spending consistently. 
Cadbury is certainly doing that, so is Nestle, so is Ferrero, so is Mars and Hersheys, but all I 
would say, it's pretty much dominated by multinational companies. And that's good for us 
because we operate with very-very high margin. And so the margin table is very high, and we 
have, therefore, a lot of headroom in terms of pricing once they're able to get the scale that they're 
looking to get. 
Edible Oils. As you can see, we have not really spent money for several years. The interesting 
thing is the mass oils share of spending is really increasing and increasing. So we've always had 
this row called tracked brands, but if you look below it, you will see others. Others are all the 
regional brands. And we can see now, at INR 800 million for quarter 3, which is INR 80 crores, 
out of INR 137 crores, more than 60% is by all the small brands.  
So it's not even that the other national players, the lower-priced national players are actually 
having a double share of oils. They are also coming down in terms of the share of oils. So this 
means what we have positioned always, that this is not a category that we should spend money 
on, and we took the right choice several years ago to invest our resources in the Foods business. 
I'm not going to spend too much time on the other charts. The Noodles, the Pasta. I think there 
is some amount of shake out, which is visible even in Noodles. So I'm going to just continue. 
Noodles, Pasta, Soups, you have the data. You can compare it with earlier periods. Not much 
change. Therefore, if you can just go to the last page, which is quarter 3 and year-to-date 
summary.  
I think we've largely navigated commodity inflation without derailing our volume trajectory in 
foods. At the beginning of the year, we were very concerned that with this kind of a commodity 
inflation, if we make the wrong moves on pricing, could it derail our overall growth story? And 
I think, we have a moderate year-to-date growth of 10%. And that's, I would say, not really due 
to any pricing. In fact, if you see our revenue per kilo on a month-on-month basis, we are exiting 
in a very nice manner on the foods business. 
So that next year we can seek improvement in revenue per KG and also seek growth in line with 
our normal expectations. And work is underway. The one thing we need to address is the base 
impact of COVID on RTC volume, which we are underway. And the moment you understand 
something is a priority, you work on it. You saw that on peanut butter. We took whatever action 
we needed to take and we got our volume and share back. So this will happen. Of course, in this 
category, we are just part of the category. So media starts to play a role, and we'll see what are 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
the levels, because at the distribution level that we are, media is really the most critial thing to 
be able to drive customer expansion. 
Oil margins are stable despite the impact of the Ukraine war. The higher margins have come, 
however, at a cost in terms of volume, and you've seen those volumes charts earlier. And 
therefore, planning is underway to address the consequent impact on next year. So we need to 
have all the right actions in place, so that we do the right things strategically. But we have 
adequate time to plan and execute them.  
So obviously, oats is one part of our expansion into Premium Staples. But there are a couple of 
other products also that we are looking at, which we are already buying, and just say, oh, okay, 
I think this could be a good option for us. This will fit well under our brand. And by the way, if 
we buy this in bulk; instead of paying INR 190 a kilo, we pay INR 150 a kilo. So that works 
beautifully. You get a procurement scale, and then when you pack it at your plant, you also get 
some manufacturing overhead absorption. 
Foods margins are recovering to pre-COVID levels with expectations of further improvement in 
FY '24. So you can see that it's bounced back and the gross contribution is a good measure, 
again, North of 45%, and we expect to see further improvement. And a diversified Foods 
portfolio clearly helping to ensure a steady, sustained and profitable growth. So I think that's 
pretty much it from my side. And Srini, anything you'd like to add? No? Yes. So I think we are 
on our way to becoming the best performing, most respected foods company in India. Not there, 
but on our way. Okay, I'll give over to you. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, two questions from my side. Firstly, on the gross margin. So basically, as it is reported in 
your SEBI format, your sales minus COGS is what I'm looking at. And if I look at the gross 
margins over a 10-year period, they are roughly flattish. They might be range bound 200 basis 
points here or there, but roughly flattish. And in this period, we have hived off or materially 
reduced Crystal exposure. We've also increased food salience very materially. So all these 
benefits really, I mean, why are they not showing up in the gross margin line in any material 
fashion? That's my first question. 
And of course, the corollary to this is that when do we see it showing up and to what extent? 
The second question is what constraint do we need to address if we have to push up our foods 
growth from a high-teens kind of a consistent level to 25% level. Because given the scale at 
which we are and the amount of new products that we are launching and their contribution or 
what their legitimate contribution to the sales that it should be, it seems to me that 25% growth 
would be a more suitable growth than a high-teens kind of growth. So just wanted to know what 
do we need to do in order to get that kind of a growth? So these two questions from my side, sir. 
Sachin Gopal: 
Thank you, Percy. Thank you. These are both, as usual, very good questions. So I try and answer 
them to the best of my ability, okay? So see, on gross contribution, which is -- yes, as you 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
correctly said, net sales less the first three rows in other expenses. It would -- I mean I will not 
be able to confirm the exact figure like the trend for 10 years. I'm sure you've done your 
homework and it's correct. But I'll tell you, here's the deal. See, if you look at it over a 15-year 
period, our gross margin, and I think that I published this in one of our annual reports, when we 
started the journey, it was in the region of INR 60 crores to INR 65 crores, something like that 
for the total company. That time, food was only about 2% of the business. 
Now in this 15-year period and somewhere around maybe in the seventh or eighth or 10th year 
of the journey, you'll be able to see it in that graph in that annual report. We brought up the -- 
because of oil pricing, we took up the margin on oil to almost INR 145 crores -- between INR 
145 crores and INR 150 crores. At the same time, oil was going up, INR 5 crores, INR 10 crores, 
INR 20 crores, INR 30 crores. Now what happened as a consequence and with that pricing, there 
was obviously price still asked to be. And therefore, we entered a period where actually the 
premium staples were declining in terms of volume. And that is then, therefore, we took the 
opportunity, if you remember, three years ago, to do the price correction. 
So if you look at this period, in 15 years, there's a part where we took up pricing of oil and also 
food margin was growing, but food margin was not a big contributor. Then there was a second 
part, where oil margin was flattish towards declining. Now food was trying to continuing to 
build. And then the margin actually on oil, as you know, if you look at last two years' data, is in 
the region of about INR 70-odd crores.  
And we have also told you that kind of -- that is the level at which we think we can reasonably 
settle down INR 70 crores plus minus. So the reason why you're seeing the data, and your 
analysis is showing that, and I'm sure the analysis is correct. Because you're looking at a period 
when oil margin was being compensated for -- by food. Food was growing. Oil was declining. 
But food was not able to offset the decline in the oil margin. 
So in aggregate, it was flat. But now look at it at the end of this period. 15 years ago, 99%, 98% 
of our margin was coming from oil. That was in the region of INR 60 crores. Today, 15 years 
later, the aggregate margin has gone to whatever it is, about INR 170-odd crores or something 
like that, in that ballpark. But now the dominant part of it is coming from foods. So with this, 
this is what we commented on earlier also is that now that this has happened, that transition has 
happened, you will see, you have to -- we have to see a growth. It's going to happen. It can't be 
stopped. Because even if there is a risk in oil, you can say no, but there is a risk, the amount, the 
materiality of that has come down. 
So with oil making INR 100 crores plus margin. I think that given the number in one of the 
earlier calls or reports of -- in the region of INR 110 crores to INR 120 crores. Once the dominant 
part of our margin is coming through foods, it will grow. But mathematically, this is a period 
where you saw a replacement of oil gross margin to food gross margin. So that's the answer to 
the first question. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
The second question is what concerns do we have to overcome. So I think Shirish, also asked 
this question, you know something but, we'll be going at 35% exactly the point that you made. 
And the answer is, yes. We'd also like to grow at 35%.  
In fact, when we do our capacity planning, we do our capacity planning working on 30% to 35% 
because we actually don't know in these five categories, we may posture it and say, okay, I think 
I'll get this growth in this category in this year, but it will not necessarily workout. That's why 
you want a diversified portfolio because we never have the forecasting accuracy to say 
accurately for all five categories, how each one of them are going to grow. Some things will do 
well, something may not do well. Some assumptions will hold good, other assumptions may not 
hold good. 
So we certainly do our capacity planning on that basis. And after that, frankly, we'll be largely 
a function of how much money we have in the P&L. And as we mentioned in our third chart, 
the better once we have good margin visibility, then we will invest more also. We meet the 
bottom line also, but we also need the brand investments.  
So we'll certainly do it. And if you see, for example, for the last few years prior to this, our 
advertising spend has come down, to about, I think, maybe 4% to 5% or something like that. But 
now if you see the last quarter, the advertising spend will be in the region of about 6% to 7%. 
So I think advertising is key. We will be -- you can influence a category up to a point with the 
up to maybe 30,000, 40,000, 50,000 stores. We can influence it with retail contract. 
We built the popcorn business like that. The first 50,000 60,000 stores were all built. But let's 
say, a brand is now available in close to 300,000 stores, you're going to have to rely on a little 
more media. And I mentioned it earlier. If you remember, I said that innovation is a large part 
of our business, but innovation share will come down over time because the business would have 
become so big. So that's what we are working towards. 
And let's see, I mean we would like the 25%. But we don't want to pursue a 30% or 35% one 
year, and then fall flat the next year. We are not going to do that. We're not going to say, oh, by 
the way, let's spend, so many million dollars, and this theme occur. It doesn't occur. Food is a 
business which is built over a period of time. The best example of that is don't look at our 
business, look at Hindustan Unilever, peanut butter. It's visible to you, INR 100 crores and 
single-digit share -- with single-digit share. So money is not the answer. And that's why it's such 
a great business. Because nobody can just come and spend money and eat your share of the cake. 
So thank you Percy, for asking both very strategic questions. Thank you, for that. Happy to here. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Three questions. I think extending from the previous participant. And I don't recollect exactly, 
but maybe about five years before we had this interesting conversation that you set up a target, 
not exactly in the target, but we had the discussion and you said 40 and 50. When we reach about 
50% food portfolio, we should be aiming to get 40%. Now I'm not sure whether we reach there, 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
but I need to check because now we have a significant portfolio which we have developed. So 
where do you think, what are the heads and misses and what can come up in next -- if we need 
to fix -- what -- where we can expect the gross margin to move non-staple portfolio? 
And then second question is on high-protein PeAq. Maybe if you can share some on-ground 
details where it has gone, whether we have gone only in e-commerce or modern trade? And what 
kind of opportunities in three years we have seen? And third, on the staples, what we learned 
that Saffola has dropped the five-liter in prices and this -- they are giving a good competition to 
the other players. So have we taken any pricing correction in the quarter which is gone by or 
maybe in the month of January on the Sundrop portfolio, Heart? 
Sachin Gopal: 
Thank you, Shirish. All very good questions. So I think to answer your question, what kind of 
gross contribution do you expect from the foods portfolio? I think we're already, as I've shown 
in this table, at about 45%. We see 48%, something like that, 49% maybe even, but in that 
ballpark, as something which is doable. This will come largely due to a couple of reasons. One 
is as we invest more in media, we'll always have definitely be able to hold more pricing power. 
Second is, as we get procurement scale.  
I gave the example just off of staple, which we are currently buying at INR 192. And we have it 
coming in with scale, it's gone down to INR 150. So there will be pieces around this where we 
also benefit coming through in terms of packaging material as we get more scale, single SKUs 
become larger. We have some of the SKUs already visible to us. There are parts of within our 
packaging vendors can actually, they can also drop the price because they get bigger runs and 
longer run. So each of these pieces is going to contribute to this. 
And that, as I've said earlier, is a very-very good gross contribution to work on. Now how does 
this translate from a profit profitability perspective in the EBITDA? That's where that 30% to 
35% piece comes in. How do we have all our costs, in that region of 30% to 35%, depending on 
whether we are at 45% or 50% in terms of gross contribution? So that includes advertising, that 
includes transportation and warehousing. That includes our SG&A and it includes 
manufacturing expenses. 
I would say, we are pretty well controlled already today. If you look at the size of our business 
and you look at our employee visual, we are probably very-very good in terms of our SG&A 
structure. I mean I'm sure there must be somebody who's better than us, but I think we'll be 
probably in the top 3%, 4% in terms of SG&A control. I think even in terms of A&P, we are 
very tightly controlled.  
We have always told you we manage this A&P within 7% to 8%. And I think that's why we see 
us and ourselves when we're getting the results. We'll probably get some benefits for scale and 
transportation, but we don't see those as being the full game changer, not more than 50, 100 basis 
points. Because we already like, for example, in backslash shipping full truckloads to a 
distributor. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Okay, where they're going to say, okay if I get more scale, I'll get a better price for each of the 
lanes that are reverse optional. But I would say that would be limited. The biggest size of price 
in the chain has to come from our manufacturing cost. And that will come with scale. And a lot 
of people have asked me this question over time saying, Sachin, so what is that scale? How do 
you define it? 
And my answer is always this, and over the many years, and you will probably have asked me 
this question earlier. When you said, okay, at what level will ready-to-cook popcorn be a very 
profitable business. And I told you then probably 15 years ago, INR 200 crores. And I'm sticking 
by it. 
I can see, we can already see the business. It's in that ballpark, and we've got the right 
manufacturing cost structure. So I think as each one of these categories starts to get closer to 
INR 200 crores, they will all get scale. It will fall into place. Today, the manufacturing costs on 
some of the categories will be very high. It will be very high. And the reason is we simply don't 
have the scale in those categories. So in category after category, we are seeing that. All right.  
In terms of high-protein PeAq, the opportunity is large. Protein is a large opportunity. One of 
our directors, who is also on the Board of Parag was telling me, for example, that they are looking 
at about an INR 200 crores business on whey protein this year. So it's -- that's a large business. 
And you can see MuscleBlaze and all these other guys. But the thing is that I think we will -- we 
are not going to be just a protein player. We are not going to be like, if you will, focused on only 
protein.  
I think we will be playing in the area where there will be more blended protein. So it's all work 
in progress. So we know where we are, some amount of plant protein, some amount -- I mean, 
some amount of vegan protein and some amount, very rice protein. And we'll work around it. 
It's very-very early days, Shirish. I think -- we think it's the right thing to do. And we also think 
it will lend itself very well to things, like as I said, protein bars. And protein bars are going to be 
a big thing in India someday. Not necessarily now. It's still a small business. But we are just 
working on that, and we'll keep you brief. But it will take time. 
In terms of staples, yes, our competitors have reduced prices. And I think we are naturally, it's 
an area which we track. And we will also deal as appropriate. The only thing is I would like to 
reinforce to you that, especially for the competitors that you called out. Our focus is margin, we 
need the margin. And then we do the best possible job in terms of volume. It is not that we are 
going to do volume at any cost. We're not going to do that. Because for us, the role of the 
portfolio is different from other companies. Competitor A may have one role. Competitor B may 
have one role. 
I'm not saying that that's right or wrong, it's right for them. But for us, the role of the premium 
staples category is to provide us with a sustainable margin. So obviously, we can't have volume 
continually declining. And so by the way, margin is going to remain stable. You need to be able 
to show it up, in the right manner. And we've done that in the past. You saw when we did the 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
price correction two years ago and significant, we got a lot of volume. So we were -- I mean we 
were able to arrest that volume slide, if you will. So it's okay. But I would not like to compare 
ourselves in our actions to what our competitors are doing. We will do what is right for us. And 
that doesn't mean it's wrong for them. It just means it's wrong for us. We respect them. They're 
all competent people. So that's it. Thank you, Shirish. Happy New Year. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Just had two questions from the investors, I wanted to get them addressed. You have mentioned 
about the gross contribution this time around, which actually excludes the direct manufacturing 
costs. It only includes the raw material cost and the packaging cost. So just wanted to get a sense 
what would be the like-to-like gross contribution margin if I'm to look at it for the current quarter 
versus the past few quarters? 
Sachin Gopal: 
 
Okay. Anything else? 
Ajay Thakur: 
Second question was more on the -- can we get the broad share of each of these food sub-
segments. So like for instance, the RTC, the RTE, and the spread category, so on and so forth, 
what will be the broad breakup of those in the food segment? 
Sachin Gopal: 
Okay. So first question is on gross contribution. I think, Ajay, basically, historically, from -- and 
we've obviously -- we are giving this information to you in response to the questions that were 
raised in the Investor Day. Would have been in a ballpark, pre the commodity inflation, of 45%, 
46%. So that's why we feel that we are in the right space in terms of gross contribution because 
as I said, and I was doing the math, and I could be wrong, for next year. But I think the figure 
that I was 52% and 30%. 52% gross contribution for the business and 30% cost of sale. 
So that's why we think that 45%, 50% is a good range. And historically, would have been the 
case. This would have dipped only in quarter 1 of this year, when the commodity prices went up 
in this period, in and around quarter 1, immediately before and immediately after. But by and 
large, it's a very-very sustainable level for us. In fact, we would have some opportunity for 
growth.  
So I was with our Chairman, again, yesterday, in the trade and he was comparing, let's say, our 
pricing with, let's say, in the chocolate category with Nutella or our pricing in peanut butter with 
Kissan or our pricing, I think it was, let's say, in breakfast cereals versus the Kellogg's. And the 
comment was, you've got a lot of room for pricing. And then I said, I think, yes. I said -- and 
we'll get that pricing, that has to be very significant, like a 30% difference. I think we'll take it. 
But in many of these categories, we need scale. So we need to attract the consumer to us. 
We're not going to attract the consumer to us today, if we go into parity pricing because they'll 
say, okay, then there's no reason for him to -- him or her to move. We're already happy with their 
current offering. So we need a reason. We've got the reason. It's profitable already, it's at 45% 
plus. So we think we have enough headroom in each of our categories and chocolates also would 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
be a similar case. In our headroom and in the future years as time goes by to get closer to the 
50% mark rather than being closer to the 45% mark. So this is not a new number. If the number 
is there historically, it's just that the question was asked and we wanted to put it forward. It's an 
answer to your question. That's all. Okay. But we will do it, and we'll report it to you regularly. 
And you can do the math yourself. You can do the math, using -- looking at our P&L, and you'll 
know that it's all question. All right. 
In terms of share, honestly, we don't buy any retail audit data. So I can't give you any share. But 
I can tell you, wherever we get data from our customers, our modern-tech customers, they do 
share the data with us. And I can tell you, for example, that in ready-to-cook popcorn, we will 
be, whatever, 90%, 95% share. In ready-to-eat snack also in modern trade, it would be quite 
good. 
I don't remember the last time there's a number on cornflakes. But I think, it was in the region 
of 8% to 10%. And on spreads, I would say, modern trade, it ranges between -- on peanut butter, 
it would range between 60% and 70% with the customers in modern trade. But we think that in 
traditional trade it is lower, and therefore, we've always given you -- we quoted a Euromonitor 
figure in the region of about 40%. And I think that is a reasonably correct. 
In breakfast cereals, it will vary depending on the category. But I would say, in center-filled 
cereals in the modern trade, we'll probably be about 1/3 of Kellogg's center-filled cereals. But in 
traditional trade, we would be -- the ratio would change dramatically. And in fact, that's why we 
always say in cereals-as-a-snack, I think, we are the clear leaders. And if you will -- and on 
chocolate, it's brand new. So it's INR 15,000 crores category. So we have a lot of scope. But I 
can tell you for the customer that I was with yesterday, probably we have a 3% to 4% share of 
the chocolate category with that customer. So that's the kind of data that is available with us.  
I guess I could give you more. Maybe one day when we have more money, we'll buy [inaudible 
0:55:13], only just so you know what, it's for players better to let the money flow down to the 
bottom line because we got used to managing without data quite happily. All right. Okay. Thank 
you.  
I guess the last question now, yes, last one, and then we conclude. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Maroo from Keynote Capital. 
Chirag Maroo: 
First of all, thank you so much, Sachin sir, that you have provided some clarity on the gross 
profit contribution from the food and it has been highlighted in your financials. One thing I 
would like to know is, like if I am looking at it correctly. If contribution from food business is 
around 45 percentage, I'm seeing that our food business is doing about 30 to 32 percentage gross 
margin.  
And the fall -- the increase in gross margin for the current quarter is majorly driven by the oil 
business, which is currently doing around 38, 40 percentage gross margin for this quarter. And 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
I have generally seen the products that we are in food business, they show a gross margin of 
around 40 to 50 percentage, a general range. 
And currently, we are at around 30 percentage. Just wanted to understand, what are the steps 
you are going to take to bridge this graph from 30% to 40%. Or will it be more related to the 
pricing of the product? Or will it be more related to reducing the cost of the manufacturing? That 
is question number one.  
Second question is as you have suggested that the product is getting well accepted in the market, 
the new SKUs or new products that you're building. How is the production getting ramped up at 
our manufacturing facilities? And third question is more related to the accounting thing, where 
I'm able to see that pre-COVID our other expenses was in the range of 15, 16 percentage, as a 
percentage of sales, whereas now it has gone up to around 17 to 18 percentage range. Is it because 
of the product mix? Or is it there are kind of one-off expenses that we are incurring in this 
particular here? 
Sachin Gopal: 
Chirag, one question. On your second question, I didn't get it.. You said something about 
production of some products, I'm not sure. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Sir, it was related to if we are seeing a good acceptance of our products that we are manufacturing 
related to peanut butter and maybe related to chocolates, maybe related to snacks. If we're seeing 
good acceptance, I just wanted to understand how the ramping of the production of the particular 
product is going on. And as we are expecting that food business would grow at 18 percentage 
rate. Just wanted to understand if we are able to produce that much amount of products too? 
Sachin Gopal: 
So first of all, in terms of the food, the answer is both. You said it, what is -- how is the gross 
margin, which is gross contribution less all the direct costs, right, which is the manufacturing 
costs and the transportation and warehousing and the damages and leakages. How will this grow, 
will it be due to the cost of manufacturing or will it be due to pricing? The answer is, both. 
So as we scale up, because remember, the first level is gross contribution, which is what all of 
you asked the information for. Which I'm thank you for pointing it out. That will come through 
pricing and procurement. At a high level, if our margin is going to improve, it needs improved 
pricing. And that's, as we've talked about, there's a lot of headroom, you yourself have 
commented. 
So we've got headroom on pricing, but we'd also get it through procurement. As we procure 
better, we scale better, those costs will come down. Also, our manufacturing costs will come 
down, procuring. Our manufacturing cost will come down because we are now producing a 
much larger volume on a large part of the capital that we've already deployed. I'll come to a little 
more detail on that. 
So I would say, both of them. You're going to get -- we would expect to get more in pricing, but 
we would also get -- expect to get a lower cost of manufacture. And as for that, the fact that we 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
would expect more procurement due to scale. The one example I gave you of the commodity. 
And maybe that's a commodity that we enter in six months to nine months' time. But that is how 
we see it, okay? 
In terms of the products and -- yes, as you said, and I have also emphasized the acceptance of 
our product is very good. How do we ramp this up in production terms. So what happens is that, 
look, we have spent maybe less than INR 400 crores on setting up six to seven plants. And we 
entered five categories. That's a very small investment, in terms of the sheer number of 
categories.  
Probably, if it was one of our larger competitors, they would have spend that much money on 
just one category alone. So what we have done is we set up a plant. And then we install all the 
right machinery. The first stage of machinery that we need. But then we don't spend so much 
money on the upstream management of that production or the downstream management of the 
production. 
So I'll give an example, we have an extruder product, and we put in an extruder, we put in an 
oven. The important that the oven wheel install will be twice the capacity of the extruder. So 
usually, right now, because we are deploying with very limited capital, making very tight 
choices. We say, okay, let's go with one extruder. The moment we get the scale, we add in a 
second extruder. So our incremental capital is not on the entire line. It's just on the second 
extruder. I mean if the oven can handle three, then we can probably build on three extruders. 
At the same time, we will also expand in a gradual manner, our upstream business. So for 
example, how much space do we need for corn, rice, corn rice, corn flower, rice flower, corn, 
anything like that. They get into this. And then also with the downstream, which is how many 
more packing machines do we need, suppose we put in an additional extruder, we need more 
packaging line. Then we also need a slightly larger warehouse to handle those, and we also need 
more loading base to handle it. 
So what we've done in our capital, the way we've constructed it is we've consolidated on the 
core. Because if we try to do all this, we might have needed a lot more capital. So right now, as 
we scale up, we already have the core impact. After that, we just need to keep investing in 
upstream facilities and downstream facilities. Upstream facilities, we also, I would include land, 
building in that. 
So right now, for example, we think that the land bank that we have currently can certainly take 
us to maybe about $200 million of turnover, $250 million. The land bank, may not be exactly, 
because over time, as we see which locations and so broadly. Now however, just yesterday, at 
the Board meeting, we saw the approval for a resort, expansion of civil work in this. Now civil 
is related to upstream.  

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
So these are not necessarily brownfield projects, not brownfield projects, but they are more like 
where you're just expanding space in the same plant. And that's how we continue to increase. 
Because we have to balance a tight capital budget along with our aggressive growth expectations. 
And the third is, in terms of all the other expenses, see, basically, the other expenses also include 
manufacturing expenses. And in manufacturing, the most efficient part of our business is the 
ready-to-cook business because that's the largest part of our business. So as we have a higher 
mix this year, from non-ready-to-cook. Because if you see our non-ready-to-cook business, I 
think grew by about 25% this quarter. And you can -- you'll be able to do the math right. I think 
last quarter, we called it also. You'll see it in the headlines. I think it was in the region of 25%, 
30% only. 
So there's been a greater contribution of non-ready-to-cook in our total product mix. Non-ready-
to-cook has a higher manufacturing cost. Because it's got more depreciation. It's got more 
processing. It may have more energy because of frying, etcetera, or oven, or baking, etcetera. So 
that will also have an influence on our other expenses. And aside from that, I think other 
expenses also includes travel. So as we called it out in the presentation, I think it's, other were 
about INR 1 crore versus last year, versus last year's quarter. But I think on a year-to-date basis, 
our travel expenses have probably gone up by more than INR 3 crores. But the answer to your 
question on versus pre-COVID is that the mix is different. That's all. 
Chirag Maroo: 
 
Sir, can I just add one follow-up question? 
Sachin Gopal: 
 
No. A follow-up will give you in next quarter. 
Chirag Maroo: 
 
Because it was more related to the first question only. 
Sachin Gopal: 
We'll answer. We'll try and answer your questions. Thank you -- wish you all a very-very Happy 
New Year. And all the best, wishes to your families, and we'll talk to you in a few months' time. 
Cheers. Ajay, over to you. 
Moderator: 
 
Sir, we have one participant in queue. May we take this one last question, sir? 
Sachin Gopal: 
Please apologize, but we'll just have -- we have to get into some meeting also, right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Sachin Gopal: 
So thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you all, ladies and gentlemen, for taking the time out to 
be with us. We appreciate it. And hopefully, we are being able to give you all the information 
that you need. So have a great quarter and a great year and everything else. Okay. Cheers. Thank 
you. 
K. P. N. Srinivas:  
Thank you. 

 
 
Agro Tech Foods Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
