 
 
 
 
  CFL/SE/2022-23/FEB/10                                                                          February 22, 2023 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited                                              
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 508814 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.               
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Mumbai-400 051 
Security ID: “COSMOFIRST” 
 
Sub: Transcript Analyst/Investor Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Analyst/Investor Earning Call held 
on February 15, 2023. The same is also available on the website of the Company at the below 
mentioned link: 
 
https://www.cosmofirst.com/investors/investors-presentation 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Cosmo First Limited 
(Formerly Cosmo Films Limited) 
 
 
 
Jyoti Dixit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JYOTI DIXIT
Digitally signed 
by JYOTI DIXIT 
Date: 2023.02.22 
16:57:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Cosmo First Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call 
February 15, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the investor call of Cosmo First Limited to 
discuss the Q3 FY23 results. Today we have with us the Management Group CEO, Mr. Pankaj 
Poddar, and Group CFO Mr. Neeraj Jain. 
Starting off with the statutory declaration, certain statements in the conference call may be 
forward-looking. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees 
of future results. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Now may I request Mr. Neeraj Jain to take us through his opening remarks subsequent to which 
we can open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you and over to your Neeraj ji. 
Neeraj Jain: 
Well, very good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Neeraj Jain, Group CFO at Cosmo First, 
along with my colleague, Mr. Pankaj Poddar – Group CEO at Cosmo First. 
Our financial results for the December 22 quarter and investor presentation are available on 
the company's website. We will start the call with a brief on the performance of the company 
which may be followed by the questions.  
First starting with the flexible packaging business. From the optics, the Q3 numbers look lower 
from previous quarters, however considering the industry situation, Cosmo has done quite well 
in Q3. The results could have been better, but because of one-off items, the result got impacted 
by about Rs. 32 Cr. We are going to further discuss these items. Further, the results also include 
operating losses of the BOPET line, which got commissioned at the end of the September 2022 
quarter as well as the operating losses of the pet care division.  
From last couple of quarters, the BOPP and BOPET industry faced excess supply caused due to 
bunching of new production lines and as well as the temporary demand disruption in the 
overseas market. The domestic demand continues to grow. The bunching of the supply caused 

 
Page 2 of 17 
the margin drop, which impacted everyone in the industry. The impact on Cosmo got partially 
mitigated due to presence in the specialty sales segment.  
BOPP margins have been running at close to Rs. 17 per kg during the December 22 quarter as 
against Rs. 42 per kg during December 2021 quarter and Rs. 20 per kg during September 2022 
quarter. This is lower than average historical margins which have been ranging in about Rs. 25 
per kg. It may please be noted that, even in such a challenging market, the company's specialty 
margins remain intact in line with the last year close to Rs. 70 per kg. While commodity margin 
has come down broadly to 1/3rd of last year margin and semi specialty margins have come 
down by about 30% compared to last year, there is no impact on specialty margins. Further 
margin details are available in the company’s investor presentation.  
The BOPET line which was commissioned towards the end of the last quarter continues to focus 
on perfecting recipes, processes and quality parameters for various specialty and value-added 
films. This is in line with the Company’s larger strategy to enter into specialty segment in 
polyester films. There was EBITDA loss of close to Rs 4 Cr from the BOPET line during the 
quarter. The company is working on a couple of specialty products on the BOPET line which are 
expected to deliver results from FY24.  
The margins are also under pressure in the overseas subsidiaries from last year primarily for 
two reasons. One is reduced gap between the India raw material price index and US raw 
material price index and second is weakening of foreign currencies against the US dollar, 
particularly in Japan and Korea. The margin pressure in the US is due to the lower gap between 
the two-price index which we mentioned, which has already started easing out from quarter 
four, FY23 onwards.  
Despite all these challenges and abnormalities, the company could post close to 12% EBITDA, 
which is clearly better than the industry for the December 2022 quarter and all of this is on the 
back of largely specialty film portfolio. While the near-term outlook for both BOPP and BOPET 
film is expected to be challenging, however, as many production lines are not expected in FY24, 
there is a good possibility of upward margin correction in FY24. The downturn is temporary and 
is driven by the supply side, the demand side continues to grow. The company is confident for 
its specialty film portfolio and shall continue to focus on the same.  
Now coming to December 2022 quarterly results, the consolidated sales for the quarter is Rs. 
730 Cr, which is lower by 5% from December 2021 quarter. This drop was primarily due to 
lower sales volume caused by planned maintenance shutdown besides some other impact due 
to change in sales mix. The EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 86 Cr compared to Rs. 124 Cr in 
September 2022 quarter and Rs 161 Cr in December 2021 quarter. The lower EBITDA is 
primarily for three reasons. First non-repetitive items of close Rs. 32 Cr rupees. This includes 
one time inventory loss on the raw material and finished goods close to Rs. 14 Cr, scheduled 
maintenance of some of the production line which caused close to 10% drop in BOPP volume, 

 
Page 3 of 17 
Generally, we prefer doing such maintenance activity during the low margin period and the 
lower specialty film sale, majorly due to inventory correction in Europe and US. We feel this is 
fairly temporary and can already see that normalization has started to happen from quarter 4 
onwards. Besides the one-off items, there are two other reasons for lower EBITDA. The BOPP 
film margin which we mentioned Rs. 17 per kg compared to Rs. 20 per kg of September 2022 
quarter and 42 rupee per kg of last year similar quarter and lower margin in the overseas 
subsidiaries for the reasons we have already discussed.  
The Company’s financial remains strong. The annualized ROCE of the company stands at 20% 
and return on equity close to 25%. These are one of the best in the industry. The company’s 
net debt stands at Rs. 355 Cr at December 2022 and which translates to 0.7x of net debt to 
EBITDA and 0.3x net debt to equity.  
Moving to specialty films, which have grown YoY if you look at for more than a three years by 
about 19%. There is a temporary drop as we discuss in this specialty film sale in Q3. Specialty 
film for the December 2022 quarter stands 57% of our volume as against 64% in the previous 
quarter and as we mentioned, this is primarily due to inventory correction in Europe and US. 
We expect specialty growth to be broadly flat in FY23 and are looking for double digit specialty 
growth in FY24. On BOPET line as well, the company is looking to kick off few specialty products 
from the Q1 of FY 2024 which includes window films, security films, PET-G films, and many 
others. 
Moving to growth projects in flexible packaging, work on BOPP and CPP line is progressing in 
line with the plan. Both the lines will be the world’s largest production capacity lines and will 
increase Company's production capacity by close to 50%. Of course, it will happen in a phased 
manner. The CPP and BOPP line will promote sustainability as it will offer a mono layered 
structure. The capacity additions that is the specialized BOPET line which we did in September 
2022 and the proposed BOPP line and CPP line will allow company to further expand its 
specialty film portfolio. 
Moving to specialty chemicals, the company's subsidiary into specialty chemical has posted Rs. 
34 Cr of sales during December 2022 quarter, which is close to 31% higher compared to 
December 2021 quarter. We expect FY23 to close between Rs. 160 to 170 Cr of sales with 
positive EBITDA. Even after inventory loss in Q3, the Speciality chemical subsidiary should post 
full year's profit for the FY23. Company has reached close to 75% capacity utilization on 
masterbatch  line and the complementary adhesive business for the packaging segment is 
planned to be launched in Q4FY23. This is going to add to topline and bottom line from next 
year. 
Moving to pet care division, the Company’s direct-to-consumer pet care vertical, which was 
launched in September 2021, named Zigly, is progressing as per the plan. The company has 
opened 11 experience centers at the end of Q3 besides sales-through the online channels, 

 
Page 4 of 17 
online portal as well as the online app. We have planned to increase the experience centers to 
15 by the end of March 2023. The current monthly GMV generated is Rs. 1.3 Cr, which is 
targeted for 10 times growth in next 2 to 2.5 year. Zigly so far has served more than 10,000 
customers with almost one-third repeat customers. Zigly is a valuation driven business which 
should create value for shareholders in the coming years. Currently, quarterly EBITDA loss for 
pet care division is about Rs. 4 Cr. This is largely because of the higher growth. The unit level 
positive EBITDA for Zigly the company is looking in next 2 to 2.5 year. 
Now moving to company’s growth plan and net debt position. The company is looking for close 
to Rs. 500 Cr to Rs. 550 Cr of capex by March 2025 mainly related to value-add CAPEX on the 
BOPET line, CPP line, BOPP line, specialty chemicals and some in Zigly. The net debt stands at 
Rs. 355 Cr. We are expecting without even considering any bottom-line addition from the new 
CAPEX, the net-debt to EBITDA should remain between 1-2x even at the peak level of debt 
because of these expansion. 
A quick update on the buyback. In December 2022 the company announced buyback of shares 
from shareholders, via the tender route with a total outlay of close to Rs. 108 Cr. The offer 
ended on 9th of February 2023, and payment is scheduled by 28th of February 2023. 
I think with these updates now we would like the call to open for questions please. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. The first question is from the line of Anshul Mittal from Care Portfolio 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Hi, sir, my first question is, can you please explain the rationale behind holding high inventory 
during this period and also, has it been fully accounted in this quarter or, there will be some 
more impact in following quarters? 
Management: 
Yes, so during the last quarter, well, let’s say, especially from January till July everything was in 
shortage and the supply chains taking much more time during the transit. So, for all the 
imported items, we had to keep higher inventory and post July the supply chain started getting 
corrected and even the raw-material prices started coming down. So, we started correcting the 
inventory situation from September- October timeframe. I would say, 70%- 80% of things have 
been cleared. Still 20%-30% at best is still yet to get cleared, which should get here in the Q4. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay. So, going forward also sir, we will be maintaining higher level of inventory or considering 
the easing supply chain we are going to previous status? 
Management 
Now there is no need and in fact if you see the overall inventory, the inventory numbers have 
come down in this quarter versus the last quarter. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, understood. Sir, during your presentation, you mentioned that the decrease in spread 
was due to a slowdown in export demand and also an increase in supply. So, sir, can you please 
elaborate on which of these factors had a greater impact. And in our previous call also, sir, you 
mentioned that only 25% of new capacity will be added in the next three years of time. So, how 
are we witnessing such a bigger impact in such a near term? 
Management 
There are two impacts. One is just the way we bought more material from January to July, our 
export customers also did the same and they started correcting their inventory again from 
September-October and therefore in the quarter 3 this year they bought much less than what 
they were buying earlier in the normal in the past. 
Your second question was largely that on the demand situation in India. The demand in India 
is quite strong, but there is bunching of capacities, especially in last 1 year, 1-1.5 half years, 9 
polyester lines have been added. Then in last 1-1.5 years around 4 BOPP lines have got added. 
Though the demand is quite strong but there is bunching and therefore supply became more 
than the demand. 
In polyester now till ’25 there are only two new lines expected to come and therefore the 
pressure will gradually get released from the polyester film business. As far as the BOPP is 
concerned, there are still some more lines to be added in the next two years till 2025. In the 
next financial year there are only two lines. But after the next financial year, which is FY25 there 
are 5 or 6 lines, I do not remember the exact number but there are more number of lines 
coming in FY25 in BOPP. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, sir. So, considering the spread, which has fallen to historically lower level, do we see a 
bottom happening over here or will it stay over here for some time considering the increase in 
supply going forward? 
Management: 
I guess we can forecast that, but apparently polyester is suffering now for a good five to six 
months and BOPP also, the margins have come down. So, it’s a matter of time before some 
correction happens. The larger correction will obviously happen once the demand supply 
capacities get better. But in the short term, some improvements should certainly happen. Now 
whether that happens in February or March or April, is anybody’s guess. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, sir. So, sir, considering the current economic slowdown, as we discussed previously that 
our target to achieve specialty mix to 80% was by FY24. So, are we still on that target, or will it 
get delayed? 
Management 
As of now looks like that the run rate will reach 80%. Obviously we have got a jolt in this quarter. 
We certainly expect to achieve the run rate within the next financial year. What we are 
targeting is that can we reach to 80% for the full year volumes. But a run rate is certainly 

 
Page 6 of 17 
expected even with this last quarter impact that we had, because this is a temporary impact 
and not a permanent impact. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, can you please share the figures of volume growth in both the 
segments, specialty and commodity for both sequential and annual periods? 
Management 
Yes, so we have already stated earlier that this year the specialty volume will remain flat, 
because what happened is last year we had substantial growth and part of it was because 
people bought more during last financial year. So, this year, we are not expecting a growth in 
the specialty looking at the current scenario it will be 2% to 3% plus, minus. As far as the QoQ 
comparison, we had a de-growth in the last quarter, because of the inventory corrections that 
customers made. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, sir. How much de-growth would that be? 
Management 
Yes, so a quarter before we were at 64%, 65%, while in the last quarter, we are at 57%. 
Anshul Mittal: 
So, that is volume terms, right. 
Management 
Yes. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, sir and also in commodity segment can you provide the same for annually? 
Management 
I mean commodity there is. I mean, obviously whatever balance is left is a commodity. So, it’s 
a simple calculation. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay, that is right. Lastly sir, on Zigly front, given the economic slowdown, could you speak 
whether we plan to continue with an aggressive approach in Pet care business going forward 
and as Neeraj ji, mentioned that breakeven will take another two years going forward. Am I 
correct on that? 
Management: 
We do not see any slowdown in Zigly or even otherwise in India. In fact the pet care business 
is going very strong and we will continue to invest in this business. These kind of businesses do 
take three to four years before they turn into profitability. And that is the forecast or not even 
the forecast I would say. That is how we feel today that next 2, 2.5 years we should be able to 
start breaking even, and then start making money. 
Anshul Mittal: 
Okay sir. Understood. That’s it for now. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Gupta from Augmenta Research. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, the first question, I would like to 
ask is, how have the commodity spreads moved in month of January and February? 
Management 
They are running at a similar level to quarter three as of now. There is no improvement, but 
obviously, as I said earlier that it’s already been six-seven months since the time polyester is 
impacted and one quarter for BOPP, four, five months actually for BOPP now. So, we do hope 
some better sense will prevail sooner than later. 
Varun Gupta: 
Okay, understood. One clarity, I would like on the inventory side is how much inventory of 
finished goods are we carrying as we exit Q3? 
Management 
In terms of days, in India, we are roughly carrying 15 days of inventory. 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. Sir, you have mentioned that a lot of lines are going to be commissioned on the BOPP side 
and some lines are going to be commissioned on the BOPET side. So, in your experience, when 
you see the supply demand balance to restore both for BOPP and BOPET? 
Management 
See obviously, that depends on lot of factors. As such it is very difficult to predict properly. But 
we feel that polyester given that only two lines will come up in next three years, so we feel 
polyester will largely get balanced in a year’s time at best. BOPP next year, there will be only 
two lines of BOPP. There will not be so much extra capacity next year. But FY25 we do see some 
extra capacity happening there. Obviously, I do expect that the industry players will start 
exporting more, because some players in the past have not exported as much as the way 
Cosmo does it. So, we feel better sense will prevail and there will be more exports, and 
therefore there will be faster rationalization of demand and supply. But polyester largely one 
year and BOPP next year should be largely balanced. A year thereafter there’ll be a little bit of 
extra supply and FY26 BOPP will again be rationalized. 
Varun Gupta: 
Okay, so what are the spreads that are running on the BOPET side that we experienced in Q3 
and what are they now? 
Management 
As I said, there are no changes. The spreads are fluctuating anywhere between Rs. 11 to Rs. 13- 
Rs. 14 and they are barely enough to even cover the variable cost as of today. 
Varun Gupta: 
Okay, understood, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Hello, hi. Congratulations on a good set of numbers in a difficult environment. My question 
refers to page number 14 of your investor presentation. Actually, you have put specialty and 
semi-specialty volumes in one set, and you put commodity volumes in another set. But the 
difference between your semi-specialty margins and your specialty margins is almost 40% and 

 
Page 8 of 17 
80%. So, it’s a lot of difference. Would you be able to separate specialty and semi-specialty 
volumes with that data? 
Management 
I mean, already we have disclosed quite a bit of information in our investor presentation. 
Anything beyond at this stage looks difficult. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Okay, and you said how are the export volumes for this quarter? Are they picking up, Europe 
and US as well? 
Management: 
Yes, we did see an improvement from January. It has still not reached to the earlier levels. But 
definitely there is an improvement from January and February is even better. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
And what was your capacity utilization for this quarter? 
Management 
Capacity utilization in the current quarter is running full. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
And the last quarter? 
Management: 
Yes saying the current quarter means the last quarter only, which is quarter 4. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil Nahata, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Anil Nahata: 
Yes. Good evening. To start with I would like to understand, for Zigly we are by and large on 
the plans we envisaged for FY23. What kind of a rollout we are looking forward to in 2024? 
Management: 
Yes, so we will continue to scale up digital through opening more warehouses, so that we can 
give faster delivery all over the country. Similarly, we will also increase our retail presence. 
Right now, our retail presence is only in Delhi NCR, and Chandigarh. We will scale it up. Now 
we are in the process of scaling it up to Bangalore and after Bangalore to Hyderabad and 
Mumbai. So, in both the areas we will continue to scale up to become a pan-India player. 
Anil Nahata: 
In terms of slightly more quantification, would it be a fair assumption to make that by the end 
of FY24 the store count will be in the range of something around 45- 50? 
Management: 
I do not think so that we will touch that number as of now. We are looking at aggressive 
expansion, but not so aggressive that we end up doing lot of mistakes. So, I feel that this year 
we have opened around 15 stores and next year, we will look at opening anywhere like 20 to 
25 stores and not beyond. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. Got that and today what I would like to understand is the ratio of sales between the 
stores and online. Is it something like 75%-25% or it is slightly different from that? 
Management: 
It is 75%-25%. It was earlier lesser. Last two months the digital has started picking up, in spite 
of the fact that we have opened more stores. So, our business strategy is now shaping up very 
well because the app has been launched, the website has, lots of improvements have 
happened in that and it is our ongoing journey because website and app we are the first 
company to have an app for pet care in India and we continue to do a lot of improvements to 
make really a wow experience for our customers. 
So, that is an ongoing process, but every month we are seeing digital is growing actually faster 
than retail, in spite of the fact that retail also, we are opening lots of stores. So, digital is going 
through a very, very good growth right now and obviously the numbers are still small. So, 
normally to that extent, the percentage growth is looking better.  
Anil Nahata: 
Okay, and Pankaj ji, if you can basically have some data around or rather expectation around 
to think a store should breakeven. 
Management: 
 
Yes, breakeven, we said that we at this stage we expect 2-2.5 years. 
Anil Nahata: 
No, no, I’m asking at a store level. Typically, what is the kind of a timeframe, you would look 
for a typical store to breakeven. 
Management: 
Yes, that clearly depends on store to store. Some stores may become profitable in 1- 1.5 years’ 
time while some stores may even take three years. So, it is a lot dependent on that and we are 
also right now experimenting with different sized stores with different services at different 
stores. So, there a lot of work going on in the background to understand the customer behavior 
in different parts of the geography and so this is a learning curve for us, and I would say 
anywhere between 1- 1.5 years to 3 years is what we feel that each store will start getting 
profitable. 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay and previously we had also spoken about some exclusive tie-ups with some brands and 
all that. Can you give some idea about that? How is it progressing? 
Management: 
Yes, so that’s an ongoing journey. We obviously as we scale up, right now the challenge is that 
for many suppliers, especially outside India, or even within India, we cannot give them a full 
container load or a full truckload. As we continue to scale up the business we will keep adding 
many more partners. As of now, we have already added some partners who are exclusive to 
Zigly and as the brand becomes I mean, I tell you the best thing is now suppliers from all over 
the world have started writing to Zigly. Recently suppliers from Japan wrote to us. So, the noise 
is going everywhere and I am sure as we scale up and as we become capable enough on our 

 
Page 10 of 17 
own to buy container loads, many more suppliers around the world would like to tie-up with 
us. 
Anil Nahata: 
Fair enough and we are looking forward to Zigly coming into Mumbai also where I stay. So, and 
moving on from Zigly. 
Management: 
You will hear news from us within the next few months. 
Anil Nahata: 
Great. On the BOPET front, when we spoke that this line is primarily for specialty products. I 
think this financial year we are not going to see any specialty products, but from FY24 when 
we start looking at specialty product, I mean, how quick a ramp-up of specialty can happen on 
an approximate basis? 
Management: 
See, we should expect that every year anywhere between 10% to 15% volumes will get 
converted into specialty and as each year passes that run rate will get faster for next 3-4 years. 
So, maybe first year you have 10%- 15%. Second year, we may have 15%-20%. Third year we 
may have 20% -25% because as we gain customers’ confidence then we normally see that more 
customers gets added and the other beauty is that people know us in BOPP specialty, so for 
some customers, this should ideally be a faster switch and I can tell you honestly, that the film 
quality that Cosmo is giving is really one of the best in the country. Customers have really loved 
it. The first batch is going to any customer and is absolutely liking the quality which Cosmo is 
giving. It is definitely different from what is available in the market today. 
Anil Nahata: 
So, you mean to say even at a commodity level you should be able to demand a slight premium? 
Management: 
I feel so. Till now we have not taken that premium. But personally, the way the quality is 
coming, even the large customers after the first order itself they are gaining lot of confidence, 
and the next order is much bigger from them. It is very clear that they are liking our quality and 
at some point in time, we will be able to charge a premium. 
Right now, we have to make sure that the line is fully utilized, even in an overcrowded market 
and the best part is even in an overcrowded market, we were able to run the line at full, almost 
close to full capacity last month. 
Anil Nahata: 
Great and Pankjji, as the specialty products particularly the heat control films and all, will it be 
a B2B play or a B2C play? 
Management: 
Yes, it will be a B2C play. Globally it will be a B2B play. 
Anil Nahata: 
So, are we in the process of setting up the distributor network and branding and everything 
associated with it? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
Management: 
It is a bit early right now because the product launch will happen in May and it is a very, very 
technical product with a lot of different SKUs. So, we will start this. We are in the process of 
hiring a sales team right now. We have hired a couple of people and first is confidence building 
and there also we feel that we will be able to provide a very good product to the customers, 
because all our assets, right from day one been planned to do this. 
So, we will be able to give excellent quality, but it will take time and first we would like to have 
a few distributors, let them check the quality, give them their feedback and based on the 
learnings then we will continue to scale up. So, I feel that by March 2024 only, we will have a 
reasonable number of distributors across the country. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. We have the next question from the line of Nirav Savai from Abakkus AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirav Savai: 
Hello sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just missed out on the new capacity in BOPP and BOPET 
which is going to come in 2024 and 2025. Can you please repeat the same? 
Management: 
Till 2025, BOPET as of now, there are only two lines to come up. In BOPP put together I think 
there are seven or eight lines, which have to come up in the next till 2025. 
Nirav Savai: 
Okay, so you said about 2024 you will have two lines, followed by some five lines in 2025, right 
of BOPP? 
Management: 
2024 two lines and till December 2025 five lines. 
Nirav Savai: 
Okay, and if we were to see in terms of the new capacity which is coming in from the existing 
capacity, how much would it translate into, this seven lines in BOPP, compared to what the 
capacity currently is? 
Management: 
Some are smaller lines and some are larger lines, but put together it should be to close to 
250,000- 300,000 tons. 
Nirav Savai: 
About 200,000- 250,000 to 300,000 tons. Okay, and what would be for BOPET? 
Management: 
BOPET should not be much. It would be 50,000 to 60,000 tons. 
Nirav Savai: 
All right. And then, sir, you said that this specialty film business would largely be a B2C kind of 
a business and I mean in your internal assessment, how much time will it take to scale-up, 
because initially it would be pure commoditized. Will it take two to three years at least to reach 
a certain size and scale in this B2C kind of a business? 
Management: 
Yes, these kind of security window film solutions does take time. It does not scale up overnight. 
You have to market the product nicely, you need to have a strong customer base and the other 

 
Page 12 of 17 
important thing is, a lot of customers today do not have any knowledge about the technicalities 
of window film. Still many customers do not know why they should have window films and 
even if they know they do not know why there are so many varieties in window film. 
So, people tend to use whatever their applicator says and I personally have seen many 
applicators also do not have enough knowledge to guide the customer properly. That is the 
thing that we want to really change in the country where every applicator is educated enough 
so that they can guide the customers properly. These films can make a lot of difference to the 
customers, but unfortunately given the lack of knowledge the market for this product is still 
not as big as the potential is. I feel that the total market is not even 5% of what it should be. 
So, it will require many years of knowledge transfer to the customers, advertising it well and 
marketing it well. Build new customers for the Indian market. So, it will be a medium-term 
journey from that perspective.  
Nirav Savai: 
And so initial growth on the specialty side in BOPET, would it be purely led from exports or 
where we would be B2B and would that amount to be much faster compared to setting up the 
entire distribution network, creating a market in India? 
Management: 
Yes, so see window film is one of the specialties we are talking about. Shrink levels is again, a 
very large segment for us and that itself will help scale up both in India and globally and 
similarly, there are lot of other things which are very parallel to our BOPP business like thermal 
lamination film, made out of polyester, cable films made out of polyester. So, there are 
industries where we already have a presence and it is just that we have to enter with our BOPET 
film. So, we will be able to enter there even synthetic paper for that matter. So, there are 
certain clear voids where Cosmo can play a part. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right, right. So, this would be more or less continuing scaling up the existing products with the 
newer products will take time to ramp up. 
Management: 
So, then, the other thing should still be scaling up faster. B2C obviously is a journey, which 
every company takes some years to achieve scale. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right, right. Got it, sir. That’s it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Yes, good afternoon. My question is on the mix of specialty versus commodity. Since last couple 
of quarters, the share of specialty and semi-specialty has come down from 69% to 57%. But the 
presentation still mentions or maintains that we are targeting 80% by 2024. So, just wanted to 
know what are your thoughts on that? I mean, is that still achievable or it will be some more 
time for that to happen? 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Management: 
See, obviously, we are not changing that target for us internally. Obviously this is a temporary 
blip which has come because of the inventory corrections which our customers have done. So, 
we are definitely working towards achieving our targets. I had earlier said that from a run rate 
perspective, we do see we should be able to do it next year. But whether the full-year average 
will be 80%, at this stage it is indeed a very challenging target. But the management team is 
working out overnight to try and get this done. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay, and what about industry-wide capacity additions which are scheduled for the next couple 
of years.  
Management: 
Yes, we have answered it. You can see in the commentary later. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay, okay, thank you. Thanks. That’s all. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Hi, sir. What is the cumulative investment till date in the pet care vertical and have you 
appointed any CEO for that vertical, sir? 
Management: 
There is a business head for this vertical, who is managing it from day one and he is a specialist 
in this category. As far as investments are concerned till now we have invested Rs. 50 crores 
including investment in infrastructure and all the losses that we have incurred in this business. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, what will be the cumulative losses, sir? 
Management: 
It is anywhere between Rs. 30 Cr- Rs. 35 Cr. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay, and can you share the investment which you plan to make for next financial year in this 
vertical? 
Management: 
Yes, sir, what we expect is over the next two years Rs. 50 Cr can become roughly Rs. 150 Cr, 
and then we are expecting that within the next 2-2.5 years business should start to breakeven. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
And sir, last, you have mentioned this contribution margin. So, it is contribution margin means, 
it’s a gross margin only, right. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
Rahil Shah: 
Hi, sir. As for the next financial year are you able to give any outlook or guidance in terms of 
revenue and EBITDA margins for the business at a whole? 
Management: 
We normally do not believe in giving such guidance, but as I said earlier that we just started to 
stabilize now, when it comes to customer demand in overseas market. So, at this stage, 
obviously it is a commodity content where it is very difficult to give any forecast. But in general, 
we expect that next quarter should be somewhat better than the current quarter. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, my question is regarding the BOPET line. So, it’s a new line, what is the 
monthly run rate we have achieved in the last three or four months? And is it right to 
understand that BOPET margin right now in commodity business is less than BOPP, this Rs. 13 
versus Rs. 17? Am I right? 
Management: 
You are right that BOPET is lesser than BOPP right now. And as I said earlier last month we were 
almost able to run, close to a 100%. So, every month we are scaling up on this. 
Amit Agarwal: 
What is the turnover? Can you give the guidance for that monthly run rate? 
Management: 
Yes, the monthly turnover is close to Rs. 25 Cr. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Another question is, sir, China has opened up after COVID, so, does that help in getting better 
rates for BOPP or doesn’t make any difference? 
Management: 
China does not impact our business. 
Amit Agarwal: 
China doesn’t impact our business, even in export market also? 
Management: 
Yes, Yes, it does not impact. There are hardly one or two categories where it is a small impact. 
Otherwise, China does not impact us. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And my last question is regarding sir, if I see your standalone results and consolidated results, 
sir the difference between the turnover is Rs. 100 crores this quarter. Usually, it used to be Rs. 
50 crores every quarter, between the consolidated results and the standalone turnover. Could 
you explain that? 
Management: 
You see, it’s a factor of two aspects. One is how much sales the overseas subsidiaries are doing 
and second is, how much sales standalone India is doing to overseas subsidiaries, because that 
needs to be eliminated. So, whatever figure of difference you will see between consolidated 

 
Page 15 of 17 
sale and standalone sale, will be net of these two items. So, to answer your question last 
quarter, the December 2022 quarter the sales from India operation to overseas operations was 
low.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. It is a one-off thing or this is the usual thing going on in future. 
Management: 
Of course, one-off, because of the lower demand for which we discussed for the US which 
should get corrected from quarter four. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And I think previous question had asked about the investment made in pet care? Is it Rs. 50 
crores or Rs. 15 crores till now in pet care business? 
Management: 
So, Pankaj mentioned Rs. 50 crores investment so far, 5-0. 
Amit Agarwal: 
5-0. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nayan Gala from Etica Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nayan Gala: 
Yes. So, sir. I have a couple of questions. One is in terms of the demand. So, during the last 
couple of quarters we have seen many global markets showing less signs of the demand. So, 
are we seeing some stability over there in terms of some revival in demand? 
Management: 
As I said earlier, demand is not impacted it is just the inventory corrections and to some extent 
it has already happened in quarter three. There is some balance left, which should get over in 
quarter four. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay and in terms of which geographical areas, where we can expect to increase our revenues 
from? 
Management: 
US and Europe, those are the two regions which were impacted. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay, okay and in terms of sir, like we are going to launch the heat control film. So, by when 
can we expect that? And what will be the target turnover that we expect on that particular 
product? 
Management: 
This will be done sometime in May 2023 end and this is product, it’s a B2C product in the Indian 
market, first year it will start to grow. So, at this stage it is difficult to give a forecast for this. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay and in terms of margins how are the margins for this particular product? 
Management: 
The margins also initially — I mean, this product has a very good margin. First of all, let me say 
that, but first year will be a year with a lot of trials and samplings. So, first year we may not 

 
Page 16 of 17 
have any excellent margin on this. As we continue to build this business this product will have 
one of the highest margins among all our product lines. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay and any other player who would be manufacturing this in India? 
Management: 
Yes, there is one player. Majority of the film is imported currently in India. But there is already 
one player who manufactures it. But we feel that we will be very, very superior in terms of the 
overall quality. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay, and the plan is to replace the import with the domestic manufacturing? 
Management: 
The plan is much more. Today, we feel that most of the Indian building does not have a heat 
control film. We feel there is a huge opportunity to educate the customers and build the 
market. So, it is not just replacing imports because most of the imports are happening for really 
low-quality films. The plan is to really increase the market base itself by many times. 
Nayan Gala: 
Okay. All the best sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. There is a follow-up question from the line of Anil Nahata, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Anil Nahata: 
Yes. So, my last question on the BOPET was, we had announced a Rs. 30 Cr- Rs. 31 Cr CAPEX for 
the specialty films on the electronic side. Is that a part of the overall BOPET plan, or is it 
something different? 
Management: 
It is not with BOPET. This is something else. 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay, so can you give some guidance around that? And when is that coming up and what kind 
of business we see in that? 
Management: 
We will disclose it closer to the date. But this should be launched within quarter one of next 
financial year. 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. So, it’s basically four, five months away from now? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Yes, four, five months away. 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. And the last question for me, was that when we look at the specialty film ratio for BOPP, 
this quarter the turnover itself was lower and the ratio was lower still. I mean as the volume 
ramps up, again, I mean there will be a far bigger bridge to cover in the next coming quarters. 
So, already two people have asked about that the aspect of about reaching 80% in the next one 
year. But my question is slightly different. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
When we look to your reports, you started reporting between specialty and semi-specialty. 
And probably in one of the interviews, you said that it is around fifty-fifty. How do you see this 
ratio moving up going forward also? 
Management: 
Yes, so see obviously both these segments are equally important. Obviously again, specialty 
makes more money. So, every company would like to grow specialty more. But having said 
that, we would not like to leave the opportunity on the table, even for the semi-specialty, 
because that film also makes more margin than commodity. It’s a very different thing. We are 
working on both all the time. 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. Okay, that answers my question. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today’s conference. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Management: 
Well, to summarize, I think the company’s strong specialty film portfolio should deliver superior 
returns in coming quarters and years. Although there could be a near-term outlook, BOPP and 
BOPET is expected to be challenging. We are working on several R&D projects and film business 
which should continue to provide edge. Zigly is rapidly becoming well-known among the pet 
parents benefiting all pet lovers and company’s stakeholders. Specialty Chemicals division 
should double its revenue from the last year while actively focusing on new product launches. 
At the end statutory declaration. Certain statements in this concall may be forward-looking 
statements. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are 
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of 
future results. Thank you very much for joining. We really look-forward. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Cosmo First Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
