mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Arena Space, 10th & 11th Floor, 
Plot No, 20, Jogeshwari VikhroLi Link Road, 
Near Majas Bus Depot, Jogeshwari (East), 
Mumbai - 400060, Maharashtra. 
TeL +91 22 6836 7900 
Email enquiries-mtt@mahindra.com 
www.mahindraLogistics.com 
CIN: L63000MH2007PLC173466 
Regd. Office: Mahindra Towers, R K. Kurne Chowk, WorLi, Mumbai - 400018 
Igniting Success I/ 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                              
 
 
 
Ref: MLLSEC/64/2023 
 
1 May 2023 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
(Security Code: 540768) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
(Symbol: MAHLOG)  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
“G” Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”)  
 
Ref:   Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated 15 April 2023; and  
Outcome and audio recording of earnings conference call dated 25 April 2023 
 
Further to our letter dated 15 April 2023 giving advance intimation of the earnings conference 
call for quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2023 with several Analysts/Institutional 
Investors/Funds held on Tuesday, 25 April 2023 (“Q4 & FY23 earnings call”).  
 
The outcome and audio recording of the Q4 & FY23 earnings call was submitted by the Company vide 
letter dated 25 April 2023 and uploaded on the website of the Company at the weblink given below: 
https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/OutcomeofEarningsCallSigned.pdf  
 
Further to the above referred letters and in compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Para A(15)(b) 
of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Q4 & FY23 earnings call of the Company held on 25 April 2023.  
 
The transcript includes list of management attendees and the dialogues including but not limited to 
the presentation, the Q&As’, and is also uploaded on the website of the Company at the weblink given 
in the table below: 
 
Weblinks for Transcripts: 
Audio Transcript 
https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/SGP7620230425146303.mp3  
Transcript 
https://mahindralogistics.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/05/SGA-Mahindra-Logistics-Apr25-
2023.pdf  
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed by the Company during the 
earnings conference call. 
 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Arena Space, 10th & 11th Floor, 
Plot No, 20, Jogeshwari VikhroLi Link Road, 
Near Majas Bus Depot, Jogeshwari (East), 
Mumbai - 400060, Maharashtra. 
TeL +91 22 6836 7900 
Email enquiries-mtt@mahindra.com 
www.mahindraLogistics.com 
CIN: L63000MH2007PLC173466 
Regd. Office: Mahindra Towers, R K. Kurne Chowk, WorLi, Mumbai - 400018 
Igniting Success I/ 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                              
 
 
 
 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://mahindralogistics.com/disclosures-under-sebi-regulation-46/  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
For Mahindra Logistics Limited  
 
 
 
Ruchie Khanna 
Company Secretary 
 
Enclosure: As above 
RUCHIE 
RAVI 
KHANNA
Digitally signed by 
RUCHIE RAVI 
KHANNA 
Date: 2023.05.01 
21:12:11 +05'30'

V 
3 
5 
n 
tl 0 
H 
44 ssaapris 
SDISSIDO1 
eJ pu 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
Q4 & FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMPRAVEEN SWAMINATHAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CEO – MAHINDRA LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHOGUN JAIN – SGA  
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the Company website on 25th April 2023 will prevail. 
 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mahindra Logistics Limited Q4-
FY23 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shogun Jain from SGA, IR. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Shogun Jain: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Mahindra 
Logistics Limited Q4, FY23 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan, MD and CEO, along with the senior management team.  
I hope everyone has had a chance to view our financial results and investor 
presentations, which was posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. We 
will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, followed by an open 
forum for Q&A.  
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that some of the statements made during today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to that effect has been included 
in the earnings presentation that was shared with you earlier. I now invite Ram, MD 
and CEO of Mahindra Logistics Limited, to make some preliminary remarks. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Thank you, Shogun. I trust all of 
you have had a chance to view our presentation and financial results, which has been 
uploaded on the stock exchange and the company's website. Before sharing, 
commenting on our operations, order intake and key developments from the quarter, I 
should just put a quick update on the external environment, and our end markets and 
the business as a whole.  
I will conclude my comments by briefly outlining our financial performance for the 
quarter just ended and the full year of FY23, and just talk a little about focus areas for 
the upcoming year. In the interest of time, I'm going to bridge my comments a little 
bit this time, so we have more time for questions and answers.  
Just at a macro level, I think the global economy is experiencing kind of high level of 
volatility due to fresh headwinds caused by turmoil in the banking sector, and that's 
occurring across various economies, and concerns over economic stability have been 
brought to the forefront as a result of the collapse or near collapse of several banks, 
and the possibility of a spillover of that into emerging markets as well.  

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
In light of that fact, inflation continues to be resistant , and central banks are continuing 
their efforts to tighten monetary policy, albeit at a slower pace than in the past. The 
rate of inflation across major economies has shown signs of moderation over the past 
several months, but the process of returning inflation to the desired level or controlling 
inflation to the desired level is proving to be long and difficult. The Indian logistics 
industry has been valued at around INR14 trillion in FY2021, broadly active in the 
global economy. And broadly we anticipate that it will grow at t a CAGR of around 
14%, around INR29.7 trillion by 2026.  
Now, the industry and the sector remain extremely critical for the overall growth of 
the economy. Much of our demand is derived from other economic activity, and 
therefore, as the economy propels itself to higher levels, we should see a strong 
spillover to our sector as well. That said, the sector remains highly fragmented with a 
large constitution of unorganized players and large organized players still constitute 
less than 20% of the overall market.  
And the majority of it is layered and managed by unorganized operators who have 
challenges in terms of infrastructure and scale, and limited levels of automation and 
mechanization.  
Now, coming specifically to the quarter itself and just talking about our specific end 
markets, and I'll begin with automotive, which has always been our bellwether sector. 
So, the year has gone by without any major impact of COVID, and that's been the first 
full year after a gap of two years. Throughout the year, I think overall retail sales have 
seen robust double-digit growth, especially led by the four-wheeler industry. The two-
wheeler segments' annual retail sales are about 15.9 million, which were the lowest in 
seven years, and so that sector still remains distressed.  
EV penetration in the sector has been at 4.5%, and it's well set to grow. The three-
wheeler category maintained an outstanding year-on-year growth, and year-on-year 
trajectory with an annual growth of 84% and this segment has seen the most deepest 
level of electrification of 52% of volumes now being electrified, in large measure due 
to the e-rickshaw segment, and increasingly due to cargo movement as well.  
The availability of finance, alternative fuels, and government subsidies have added to 
the growth of the segment. Passenger vehicle retail sales hit a new high of 3.6 million 
units, an increase of 23% year-on-year, positioning India as among the largest markets 
for four-wheeler passenger vehicles in the world. As the year progressed, the shortage 
of semiconductors have begun to ease, which has resulted in a higher number of new 
product launches and an improvement in product availability.  
Demand for higher-end models continues to see disproportionate growth, which is an 
encouraging sign. So, the pressure on entry-level models remains, and lower-end 
segments are seeing  higher inflation pressure. Due to high base inflationary pressures, 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
regular price increases and regulatory changes, growth is likely to probably slowdown 
in FY24, as a period of rapid recovery and expansion is concluded.  
In addition, unexpected rains and hailstorms in northern and central India have 
impacted the Rabi crop and delayed harvesting, which could affect the rural sector, 
which is important in general for the segment and for us at Mahindra Logistics 
specifically. In addition, I think this year, we continue to see, I expect to see a higher 
level of EV penetration, which will impact the overall share of ICE products in the 
market.  
The e-commerce industry remains a very large demand market for us. The Indian e-
commerce market was valued at INR6,210 billion in 2021, and is expected to grow at 
a CAGR of around 27% over the next five years. And in addition, I think we estimate 
to see strong growth in the online grocery market, which is expected to grow at a 
CAGR of around 34%, to over INR2,100 billion by FY27.  
While the market has grown exponentially over the last four or five years, there has 
been a slow moderation in digital penetration, and we expect this to continue in the 
mid-term. As a result, network expansion across large e-comm marketplaces has seen 
moderation and consolidation affecting the level of outsourcing in these businesses, 
including top players such as ourselves, where we have seen consolidation driving 
some site shutdowns.  
Moving on to the consumer durable industry, following the soft festive season, the 
consumer durable industry has seen improving demand due to the ongoing summer, 
especially given the forecast of high temperatures this year. As a result, both channel 
and leading brands continue to have a positive outlook on demand revival, and that is 
anticipated to accelerate during the summer season.  
The quarter in the sequent is a strong one for air conditioning and air temperature 
control products, so businesses hope to see a high rise in demand. In addition, high 
inflation has impacted consumer enthusiasm for lower priced products, while premium 
products perform relatively better and continue to do so.  
Demand for lighting products has significantly not been impacted through the 
pandemic, and that continues to be robust. Our business has seen the impact of many 
of these factors. While the auto and industrial businesses have been strong and have 
seen an uptick across logos, the slowdown in network expansion in e-comm and 
consumer markets has impacted our business.  
We have seen some site closures in the 3PL businesses from e-comm. Obviously, 
we've also taken some of the impact of the last-mile delivery business to moderate the 
coverage on account of increasing price competition in that space. Overall, the annual 
contract volume from new order intake was a bit north of INR100 crores during this 
quarter, primarily driven by the non-Mahindra side of the SCM business, and we 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
expect that to moderate itself in the next quarter or so and have an uptick as we come 
towards the festive season. 
Let me talk also about some key business updates which are relevant to this quarter 
especially. I'll begin with the Express business. Consequent to the acquisition of the 
Rivigo business, PTL business last quarter, we recently also transferred our existing 
Express businesses to MLL Express Services Private Limited for a lumpsum payment 
of INR 20.8 crores.  
MESPL revenues reported for the quarter were slightly lower than the preceding 
quarter, when the business was managed by Rivigo, largely on account of some 
transition impact and slowdown and seasonal adjustments based on specific demand 
patterns from customers in Northern India. The flow through of the MESPL business, 
of the MLL network business into the MESPL financials will happen post-completion 
of the consolidation which commenced this quarter.  
Most of our customers have already been transferred seamlessly and we expect that to 
be a bit more consistent and we have managed to boost our service levels for most of 
our clients. We believe that our combined express operations are on the right track and 
will generate positive EBITDA towards the second half of the year, somewhere in Q3 
of this financial year.  
A longer-term direction to build an Express business that is among the top three or 
four companies in the industry with revenues of north of INR1,000 crores remains 
intact. The freight forwarding business which has been another business saw a lot of 
change through this year especially in the second half of the year. The forwarding 
business remains under significant pressure of downward pricing corrections. While 
the slope of the correction has moderated, the broad pressure continues to sustain.  
During the quarter we saw the impact of that with a steep decline in year-on-year 
revenues. However, we have been able to mitigate that to some extent through volume 
growth which has shown positive movement across our air and sea products. We will 
launch charter operations from Dubai Hub later in Q1 of FY23-24 and that should help 
us strengthen recovery in this segment.  
Our short-term focus remains strongly on volume penetration across end markets, lane 
expansion and expanding our service offerings. We should be able to demonstrate 
stronger run-through and volume through Q2 and Q3 of this financial year. The third 
business which had a material impact obviously was our last-mile delivery business. 
During the quarter we continue to invest in growing the last mile delivery business. At 
the same time, higher pricing intensity has resulted in our decision to cut back on 
several sites which are becoming unprofitable. Though that has been offset through 
other wins in other parts of the last mile delivery service line.  

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
We have taken a prudent accounting approach on various penalties and damage claims 
in the quarter, which some of our customers have raised which has resulted in an 
underlying favorable impact on earnings. While these items are still under discussion, 
we chose to be prudent about them.  
Our continued focus remains on fulfillment as a service, grocery and sub-stream 
deliveries, all of which are showing strong progress in the quarter as it has done in the 
year which has gone by.  
The performance of our eDel electric vehicle business, EV-based business is 
consistently improving. Today, we operate in more than 19 cities and have a fleet of 
nearly 1,300 vehicles. Earlier this month, we launched our four-wheeler offering right 
in eDel, and we hope to supplement that with a two-wheeler offering shortly.  
The 2x2 business is a business in which we run company-owned car carriers for the 
autooutbound segment and that's a business which last year saw a significant impact 
on the back of shrinking automotive volumes. As I mentioned in the last earnings call, 
we have been starting the fleet back again, but along the way we have been investing 
in upgrading the fleet with modifications as per the new C&BR regulations, adding 
domes and also upgrading vehicles in terms of runnability.  
And we've seen that progress through the fourth quarter. We ended the fourth quarter 
with our operating fleet almost completely on road, and we expect that in FY '23, '24, 
we should see the consolidation of that turnaround in that business. 
Lastly, as a matter of significance. I think in the warehousing side, we continue to be 
committed to expanding our footprint in the quarter gone by. We have announced the 
development of a new 1 million square feet warehouse park in the Chakan-Talegaon 
region. This is a collaboration Ascendas-Firstspace and which will be spread over 3 
phases, the first phase, which is roughly 0.5 million square feet will be operational by 
the end of this financial year.  
That is something we will continue to expand. We're also at the same part going to 
launch our first automation and technology center, which will be where we'll do 
development and automation technologies, especially for warehousing. 
The overall warehousing footprint in the quarter showed moderate green, and that was 
largely an impact of the restructuring of the Bajaj Electrical contract as a result of 
which we did drop warehousing space of many 0.6 million square feet largely in 
distributed branch warehouse locations. Those contracts were all largely back to back 
and therefore, do not have any residual impact on our earnings going forward. 
I'll now move on to our consolidated financial performance. Revenue for Q4 FY '23 
increased by 17% on a year-on-year basis to INR1,273 crores. That growth was on the 
back of adjustments, right, of lower growth, , in our consumer business because of the 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
restructuring of the Bajaj account and a decline in the freight forwarding business. 
Adjusted for those segments, our underlying volume growth and revenue growth is 
approximately 24%. 
The supply chain management, including 3PL and our network services businesses, 
combined to 94% of our overall revenue, and the Mobility business contributed 6%. 
Our gross margin on a fully consolidated basis, including MESPL impact stood at 
10.2% in Q4 F '23 compared to 10.1% for the same quarter last year. EBITDA for the 
quarter was up 17% from INR58 crores in Q4 at 22%, up to INR68 crores adjusting 
for the consolidation of the Rivigo acquisition. 
PBT on a fully consolidated basis was down, and we reported a negative PBT of 
negative INR5 crores for the quarter, down from INR9 crores for the same quarter last 
year, and we reported on a fully consolidated basis of negative INR1 crore. The 
earnings were impacted by the consolidation effect of the Rivigo acquisition. And 
therefore, just share some numbers without the impact of Rivigo acquisition as well. 
With all the MESPL or the Rivigo acquisition, revenue for the quarter increased by 
11% on a year-on-year basis to INR1,206 crores. The gross margin for the quarter 
without the acquisition stood at 11.4% compared to 10.1% in the same quarter last 
year. EBITDA for the quarter rose from INR58 crores for the same quarter last year 
to INR87 crores. And PBT for the quarter grew from INR9 crores to INR24 crores, 
right? And our PAT effect without the acquisition grew from around INR6 crores in 
the same quarter last year to INR 21 crores for Q4 F '23. 
As we see the consolidation and the extraction of the value of Rivigo business, we 
expect that, that will be accretive to earnings, and that's covered in the investor deck 
on a section called Pathway to value creation. And we'll talk a little bit about that. 
Before I close, I want to quickly recap subsidiary or component performance for your 
benefit. Our MLL standalone business for FY '23. And I talk about full year numbers. 
Revenue for FY '23 Mahindra Logistics is a holding company on a stand-alone basis 
of INR4,459 crores, up 27% compared to INR3,361 crores for F '22. PAT for the 
business was up from INR24 crores in FY22 to INR65 crores in FY '23. 
Lords freight revenue for the year was down from INR450 crores in FY '22 to INR366 
crores in FY '23. And consequently, PAT was down by around 40%, 36% exactly from 
-- specifically from INR16 crores in FY '20 to INR10 crores in FY '23. 
The Express business showed revenue of INR122 crores. Most of that is essentially 
the revenue spillover from the Rivigo acquisition. MLL network revenues are not 
factored into this.  As I mentioned earlier, revenues continue to be at adjusted run rate, 
r And overall reported revenue was INR122 crores for 4 months and 10 days, I think, 
roughly 4 months in a week. And PAT loss for the year on that revenue was INR32 
crores. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
We did take a deferred tax adjustment in the business, and I will talk a little bit about 
that in a bit. MLL Mobility revenue was INR185 crores compared to INR58 crores in 
the preceding year. That included underlying growth of 127% in revenues of the 
transport services. The airport-based services segment and the consolidation effect of 
the enterprise transport mobility business from, which has transferred from MLL to 
MLL mobility. 
Consequent to our continuing activities on cost reduction there, PAT has narrowed 
right from INR19. As a result, the losses have narrowed from INR19.5 crores in FY 
'22 to INR8.6 crores in FY '23. We expect the business to be in a strong growth 
momentum, and we are confident in breakeven in FY '23, '24. 
Whizzard, which is the investment we have made in the last mile delivery business. 
For our fulfillment business, we made an investment in reported revenue of around 
INR130 crores, up 18% from a comparable time period last year, Losses for the year 
increased from INR4.4 crores last year to INR7.5 crores this year. 2X2, the division 
has made a loss of INR4 crores in FY '23, narrowing from the INR6 crores in the 
preceding year. As I mentioned earlier, in my 2X2 comments, we expect that to be a 
simply cut back to profitability in FY '23. 
During the quarter, we also took a deferred tax adjustment in 2 of our entities, 
principally MESPL, which is express services business. That adjustment was on 
account of our line of sight to profitability and our certainty and other profitability, 
we'll be able to generate in the business over the next 6 to 8 quarters and has been 
reviewed with our auditors and the Board, and we are comfortable with that accounting 
adjustment. 
Overall, we remain focused on investing for growth across all our segments. I think as 
I mentioned before, we think it is critical in our business to grow scale, and we remain 
committed to our vision of building an integrated logistics and mobility services 
business, which has deep capabilities in multiple service lines and combined to 
technology, people and process will create, and value of integration for our customers 
and emerge as a preferred choice for them as well. 
So with that, I'll open the question -- the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank You very Much, we will now begin Q & A Session, any one who wanta to ask 
a question may press * and 1 from their telephone, if you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue you may press * and 2, participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking the questions. Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment 
while the question queue assembles.  
We have a first question from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Alok Deora: 
Good evening, sir. Just first question on this -- the express business. So if you could 
just indicate what would be the revenue we generated from the Rivigo business in Q4? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Hi, Alok. I think we generated, I think we reported revenues of around INR77 crores 
for the quarter for MESPL. All of that essentially was business which was transferred 
from Rivigo because, as you know, we've not rolled in the revenues of the volume 
from the MLL network, for the large part. So almost all of that was that. I think when 
we did the acquisition, Alok, had projected, we had indicated that the run rate number 
is the INR350 crores range on a 12-month basis. There are, of course, seasonal 
adjustments in those numbers, and that did impact us Q4 because of climatic 
conditions in the north. 
We did see some impact in load volume on the lanes in the north right there. It is not 
-- there's no customer account losses during the quarter largely because of that. We 
did have some transition impact because several of our customers as we transitioned 
ownership, because we had to get contracts in place and so on. They did stop orders 
on us for a period of time before they actually triggered it back on. So that did have 
some underlying impact. But from an underlying -- from an overall perspective, 
adjusting for those things, our revenues are pretty much in line with what we gave as 
an indication at the time of the acquisition. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure. And sir, if I see the EBITDA and the PAT for this segment. So we are currently 
at around 25% loss at the EBITDA level and around 28% loss, 20% sort of a loss at 
the PAT level which is worse than what we had done in quarter 3. So I just wanted to 
see us how confident are we to turn around this and breakeven in the first half of FY 
'24, considering that what signals we are getting from the industry that the express 
business as a sector is kind of you know struggling because of various factors, demand 
slowdown and competition and you know all those factors. I just wanted your thoughts 
on that, sir? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Sure, Alok. Let me give my perspective on it. First of all, there is obviously, Q3 versus 
Q4, comps are not very actually accurate because obviously, in Q3 what we reported 
as expert business was largely our own business with around one month and one month 
or six weeks of the MESPL business. We have seen a full quarter impact of the Rivigo 
business. So that's the first thing and therefore, if you reach out to our separate team, 
we'll give you a better reco direction of that, right. 
From an earnings quality perspective, the levers which you have said earlier still 
remain the same, Alok. The first one is that a substantial amount of this is load driven. 
We have a network of around 17 hubs, 270 branches and the load we carry on the 
network actually drives the business's operating leverage. So the first thing which 
obviously will make a big impact is the transition of the MLL network volumes onto 
that. We expect that to be done with very margin increase in overall cost and that 
should substantially improve the operating leverage of the business. So that is actually 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
underplay. We've just transferred effectively April 1, the network business for MLL 
into MESPL. And so through this quarter, a lot of that load will transition out and we'll 
see the benefit of that. This is quite significant given that facilities on operations costs 
are roughly 18% of our total cost mix. And so that's a big operating leverage number. 
The second big element of course which will drive value creation there is just the 
transportation efficiency. Because we'll be able to run at higher load, consolidation of 
loads will be better. So vehicle efficiencies on line haul especially will increase. And 
we expect to see better density in feeder and pickup and last mile delivery volumes. 
So combining both of those, I think even without considering any further volume 
growth, we expect a substantial amount of EBITDA loss to come down. As I said 
earlier in my comments, I think Alok, assuming based on our current forecast or 
transitions of accounts, we expect that by Q3 of this year, we will turn EBITDA 
positive on the business. There are some obviously, now coming to the other side of 
the question which is where will growth come from? 
So I think there is some softening in demand. I think it also expresses a bit of a spike 
during COVID, given that. But I think we still believe underlying growth is still there. 
I think India's demand is getting densified. On the e-commerce side of the business, 
customers are moving to more supplier fulfilled volumes creating demand for supplier 
fixed solutions and offerings that are also part truckload in nature. So unlike probably 
what others feel, we do see that there is some robustness in specific parts of the 
segment. 
You must also remember that the fourth, so I think, and the other growth lever for us, 
Alok, is the fact that a substantial amount of our 3PL and other clients do have express 
volumes. Our penetration or share of wallet in that has historically been low because 
we didn't have an offering. So as the offering gets rolled out, we expect that we will 
improve the share of wallet in those businesses and integrate FTL, warehousing, 
express, etcetera, in better ways for our clients to give them higher productivity. 
So we've broadly looked at 12.5% to 13% annualized growth rate secularly over the 
next four or five years and believe that given the markets are right now, Alok, those 
are very defensible and pretty much achievable numbers given our broad customer 
portfolio. So I think, as I said, mix those three or four levers. We are also doing things 
in terms of productivity improvement, reducing productivity, improving density of the 
workforce, of the shop floor, to reduce operating costs. 
So combining those three or four things, I think we believe that we should be able to 
get first in EBITDA break-even by the third quarter of this year and get probably a 
break-even at a PAT level on a running basis by the end of this year. And then we'll 
kind of kick into more aggressive growth rates. As I said earlier on, our view of the 
business is we have the opportunity for the next four to five years to build a INR1,000 
crores business. We will be starting at roughly around INR450 crores, INR500 crores 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
when the business is consolidated on a run rate basis and we expect that to probably 
double over the next four to five years and peak at around 3% to 4% PAT levels. 
And as we stand today, I think we have pretty, we've not lost, there's nothing which 
has given us any reason to revisit those, that aspiration. Obviously any integration does 
not go, bangs up completely on time on everything. So there are things which go a bit 
sideways, but those are all controllable. So we feel we are in a good place. We have a 
carry on the numbers, something which we recognize. There's also a significant step 
up in MLLs penetration and our ability to be an integrated logistics provider for our 
clients. 
Alok Deora: 
Sure, thanks for the elaborative answer. And also, this depreciation has increased to 
nearly INR55 crores at the consolidated level. So what's the normalized run rate we 
can look forward to for depreciation? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So I think depreciation has gone up. I think there are multiple components to that, 
Alok. And obviously, a part of that has essentially been around INR10 crores of the 
increase in depreciation because of the Meru consolidated effect on a full year basis 
because of the mobility business which you acquired from Meru. So around INR8 
crores of it have been the run rate impact of the MESPL business. So that's 
approximately been around 20%, if you may, of the increase in the overall 
depreciation, prior 22%. 
The rest of it has been India's impact on it. In the remaining INR35 crores, INR36 
crores, India's impact is around INR27 crores. And I can give a more specific number, 
but I think it is around INR27 crores. The remaining INR10 crores is split between 
electric vehicle, fleet addition, some other capital items, software depreciation and so 
on. 
From a run rate basis, I think MESPL and the Meru depreciation should be capped 
roughly in this range. So we don't expect any significant addition there. And as far as 
the MLL, the core 3PL business is concerned, I think we will see some normative 
increase in terms of capital, which is in the same range as this year. This year we spent 
a capital of around INR75 crores.. We expect it to be in the INR80 crores, INR85 
crores range, at least for 2023-2024. 
So we expect that to roughly be in that range. The warehousing will have a 116 impact, 
but there's also a tail-off impact on 116 as some of the older leases come off. So net-
net we expect that we will be a little bit up, marginally up on the MLL side of the 
business, probably 7% to 8% up on depreciation. The Meru and the MLL mobility and 
the MESPL number should roughly be capped.  
Alok Deora: 
Sure. I have more questions. I'll come back. Thank you. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen in order to ensure that the management is able to 
answer the queries from all participants, kindly restrict the questions to two at a time, 
you may join back the queue for follow up questions. We have the next question from 
the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. Just two questions 
from my side. Did you take any price hike in this quarter and how  did the customers 
absorb it? If you can split it business-wise, that would be great? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Amit, just in the interest of the everyone’s time, can you just ask both the questions, I 
will answer both of them together 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes sure, the second one is essentially on the industry. Given what you highlighted in 
your opening remarks that automotive is probably going strong, consumer durables 
are likely to pick-up and e-com is still on a sticky wicket. So what kind of growth can 
we expect for FY '24 in terms of revenue? these are the two questions. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Sure. Yes. So I think in terms of growth, we expect that what drives our growth is a 
couple of things. I mean, one is underlying volume in all our existing sites. And that's 
just how much flow-through we get because we do have some amount of per piece or 
unitized pricing. in our business, we do get some flow-through from that. And the 
second one is network expansion. 
As customers want to put more sites as they densify their network. From a broad 
demand perspective, I think automotive largely tends to be transportation heavy. And 
we expect that volume to be reasonably robust in the first half, but we expect a lot of 
growth in the first quarter. We expect stronger growth in the automotive segment from 
the second quarter onwards. 
I think from an e-commerce consumer perspective, I do believe that we will see an 
uptick in volume definitely through the seasonal course, through the season this year.  
Right now, how much network capacity addition will we see? So we think volume 
will go through and we will see, the mid-teens growth in volume, given what we are 
seeing across all our end markets and our logos. But we are still seeing some 
tentativeness in terms of site expansion and network expansion. 
I think that's the one which, very honestly, Amit, is a bit hard to exactly figure out. 
But we are optimistic that in several segments, and given what we are doing, as I said, 
the annualized contract value in the fourth quarter was roughly INR100 crores. So 
that's a healthy sign. So hopefully we're confident we'll be able to sustain that, that run 
rate through the year. Q1 might be a little bit slower. Basically it's a little bit what I'd 
be expecting. 
From a pricing action perspective, as I said, we operated multiple segments. The 3PL 
business, we have seen margin improvement there, I would say largely  based on 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
stronger cost management and operational performance. Most of our contracts have 
been continuing in nature. So really, a fair amount of the business is a continuing 
business and has not changed dramatically between Q3 and Q4. As I've already said, 
prices have come down on the forwarding business. The challenge has been to hold 
margin levels as prices have come down because I think people are often making 
forward bets on further reductions in prices. And putting those, making those, taking 
those projections and putting them into the deal. So we've not been able to do a lot of 
price movement on the forwarding business. I think clearly we're not able to do a lot 
of increase there. 
As I mentioned, we have optimized for margins on the last mile delivery business. 
We've optimized not by doing a broad price increase, but actually specifically looking 
at accounts and offerings where we get better realizations. I don't think I would say 
across the board there's been an increase. But it's been really about how we've 
optimized our offerings and our customers. 
And on the express business, we have seen some uptake on what we call a retail end, 
which is really small and mid-sized establishments, but not so much on the enterprise 
end. it has been more topical or tactical and not been, I wouldn't say been an across 
the board increase. So I hope that answers both your questions, Amit. And probably 
we should go to the -- and if you have any further questions, Amit, happy to take you 
back on the queue later. 
Amit Dixit: 
No, no, sure. I'll get back to the queue. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saras Singh from Haitong 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saras Singh: 
Hi, Ram. So I've got two questions as well. So firstly, needed some clarity on the 
borrowing side. So we have around INR400 crores of debt on our books. So where 
exactly is this being utilized? And can you give the timeline of the debt repayment? 
And the second question is on the mobility side. So we have around INR185 crores of 
revenue from Meru. So I would assume that another INR75 crores is from Alyte. So 
what has impacted Alyte in FY '23 that the revenue is down 50% here? That's all. 
Thanks. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Okay, Saras. So let me take both those questions in some form. So I think on the debt 
side, we do have around INR400 crores of debt on the books. It's spread across 
multiple parts of the business. The largest part of it, of course, has been debt taken by 
MESPL for the acquisition of the Rivigo business, which is a little bit around, roughly 
around INR220 crores. That's long-term in nature and has a structured repayment plan 
around it. I won't get into a lot of details, but it's a structured repayment plan on a 
fairly, attractive coupon. But that is the largest part of it. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Apart from that, we have around INR150 crores, which is spread across within the 
MLL side of the business, which has largely been investments we made, borrowings 
we made to support acquisition of the Meru business from M&M in FY '21-FY '22 
and for the investment in Whizzard. Those are the two larger parts of that, along with 
some amount of working capital there. There are, of course, working capital lines in 
the 2x2 business. There are working capital lines in the forwarding business as well, 
and those are purely working capital lines. 
So there are two large part I think 45% of it is working capital to support the operating 
side of the business. 55% of it is really to support the -- has been debt taken by MESPL 
to support the Rivigo acquisition. We are on structured plans. As you know, there's no 
-- our ratings are good. We have a window of cycling the long-term, of repaying the 
long-term debt. From a working capital perspective, that number moves up and down 
as we need it. We don't particularly see a significant change in the volume of that line. 
I saw the other question was concerned, sorry, Saras, can you repeat the second 
question? The Meru numbers, yes, the mobility numbers. So the MLL mobility 
numbers, which you see declared here of INR185 crores is a consolidation of the 
revenues of the mobility business from Meru, which was inherited historically from 
Meru and the Alyte business. And there's a period impact of it because the transit 
acquisition or business transfer was done halfway during the year. And therefore, we 
don't report full year revenues of the Alyte business. 
From a full year perspective, the businesses together, in the INR185 crores, the 
erstwhile Meru component is around INR50 crores, INR55 crores. And the remaining 
part of that -- that's accounting revenue, it's not platform revenue. It's accounting 
revenue. And the remaining part of that is the enterprise transportation business, 
principally Alyte. And you'll see that obviously, in the other part of our financials, 
unallocatable expenses have come down in our books. And that's largely because we 
are no longer reporting the mobility segment as a segment in standalone earnings. And 
therefore, to that extent, unallocable expenses have come down. 
But that's with the transfer impact. But if you look at it, the lion's share from a revenue 
perspective is still the enterprise transportation business, the numbers. 
Saras Singh: 
Got it. Thank you very much for that. That's helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Hi. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. My first question, Ram, is on the 
warehousing revenues. You did mention that there is a 0.6 million square feet 
reduction in warehousing space. But the decline has been for two quarters now. And I 
just wanted to get a sense as to are we expecting warehousing to moderate from the 
current levels because we had this discussion in the past and you were quite upbeat on 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
adding close to about 2.5 million square feet per annum, is there any change in stance 
over there? That's the first question. Perhaps after answering, I'll ask the second 
question. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Hi, Krupa. How are you? I hope all is well. Yes, so I think from a warehousing 
perspective, you have seen we  declined, we reported a 9% reduction in warehousing 
solutions revenues for the quarter, which is on the back of a 6% of 3% reduction, we 
reported in the preceding quarter of the year. so if you look at warehousing and 
solutions, Krupa, I think you mentioned earlier there are two parts to it. The largest 
part of it is the pure warehousing piece. And there is, when you do end-to-end 
solutions, there is an associated transportation piece as well, which is included in that 
numbers because we build to a client on an integrated basis. 
The decline in the year-on-year numbers in the fourth quarter has largely been on 
account of the restructuring of the Bajaj account. What has happened with the Bajaj 
account is we reported year-on-year roughly, INR32 crores reduction in revenues, 
quarterly revenues, because of restructuring of the Bajaj account. And that is a 
combination of warehousing and transportation. As I said earlier, the warehousing 
space that went away was either given away or replaced by other customers. 
The transportation revenue completely went away. So if you look at our numbers, just 
at Bajaj reduction, you will find that warehousing, the rest of it is largely pure play 
warehousing, actually went up year-on-year. The net impact was INR22 crores for the 
quarter. I will just pull out the numbers. But net, you will see that it has gone up, 
adjusting for the Bajaj impact. 
From a long-term stance perspective, there is no change. As I mentioned earlier, we 
just announced the construction of another million square feet of warehousing in the 
Chakan, Talegaon area. That is at the back of construction, which is already going on 
in Calcutta, in Guwahati. So expansions are going on in other places. So tactically, we 
always have white space challenges in different parts of the business. But as of now, 
white space is only 4% of the overall volume. And therefore, that is something which 
is within our operating envelope. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Thank you, Ram for that. The second was on the freight forwarding operations. Just 
wanted to grasp out here. So while I do understand there is significant pricing pressure, 
what is it that we are trying to do with respect to sustenance of profitability? And from 
there on, just wanted to get a ballpark number as to where the profit or the margins 
hover around in the freight forwarding business? Given that next year also, we are 
looking at a high base. We are starting at a decline of mid-teens, if I am not mistaken. 
So any light you can throw on this particular piece? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
I think, Krupa, the freight forwarding rate adjustment has been secured across the 
industry. So I look at it, on many bellwether lanes for 20-feet cubes, prices are down 
up to 75%, 80%. We have been able to offset that through volume growth. What I 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
have always said, Krupa, on this business, even earlier on, is that you have got to go 
back and look at three years. And adjust out this kind of one-time gorilla earnings we 
have had. And adjust it out, I think our CAGR back to 18%, 19%, is still around 26%, 
27% on revenue and is north of that on earnings. So that growth trajectory remains. 
The focus, Krupa, continues to remain on growing volume and supplementing India 
origin, India destination volume with the hubs or the operations we are building in 
Dubai and the UK. 
From a broad guidance perspective or a broad indication perspective, our aspiration 
there has been to grow the business at that 18% to 20% level, which would then in FY 
'26-FY '27 mean revenue probably of around INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores on an 
annualized run rate basis. And we believe the business will be at 2% to 3%, roughly 
at the 3% PAT level. We have been there before, not just in the good quarters. The 
great quarters, we have been above that. But normalized, we expect the 3% PAT will 
be very sustainable for us. Once we breach around INR450 crores to INR500 crores 
of annualized revenue, we should be in the envelope of around 3% PAT. And there 
on, it is a volume growth play. 
And as I said earlier on, we clearly do understand and recognize that the pricing 
corrections have been huge. But as I said, underlying volume growth has offset a 
bunch of it. As you go forward, if we can sustain that volume growth, we should be 
able to see a recovery to peak levels. Our highest quarterly revenue was INR112 
crores, if I am not wrong. INR112 crores or INR118 crores, and in that range. And we 
should be, I fully expect to be able to get back to that peak rate in the first half of FY 
'24-FY '25. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
That is really helpful. Thank you and all the best. I’ll get back in the queue. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Thank you, Krupa. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Tarun Bhatnagar from Tribeca 
Investment Partners. Please go ahead. 
Tarun Bhatnagar: 
Yes, hi, thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is on Rivigo. So we have 
seen very heavy losses in this quarter, which has led to a disappointing loss. And 
despite your core business doing well. In this regard, I wanted to understand, firstly, 
what was the thinking behind you acquiring Rivigo? And in case we are planning 
further acquisition, what sort of returns you would be expecting from them? And 
finally, how do you get Rivigo back to profitability and generate the desired returns? 
Thank you. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Sure. Tarun, all the questions are interlinked in some form, but I will answer the most 
outlier there in terms of what, just from an acquisition philosophy perspective. So I 
think from our perspective, three years ago, we essentially said that our goal is to build 
a business that combines a surface FTL transportation business with more 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
warehousing on the 3PL side and then build out new service lines around freight 
forwarding, cross-border movement, part truck load and last mile delivery, so we can 
provide customers and coverage across their entire supply chain. 
And most of the acquisitions, if you note, have all  aligned with that story or that goal. 
So we have not gone left-fiend away from that. So that is one thing that I want to say, 
that strategic intent, for us strategic intent drives acquisitions and not the opportunistic 
value around the transaction itself. So that philosophy I think will remain in the 
business. I mean, we run through returns profiles for all the acquisitions, as we have 
done for Rivigo as well, as a matter of governance with the board, and those return, 
long-term return profiles are essentially what the Rivigo acquisition will also deliver 
for us, on a fully consolidated express business profile. 
Now what I won't go to segment targets in terms of returns, the longer-term target 
which we have set or the medium-term target we have set for the overall business is 
to get north of 18% return on equity or around 24% return on capital employed. And 
this, and our current business plan for the express business, also ties into that. So from 
a directional perspective, it's intent driving the acquisition. The metrics are all 
accretive. Our acquisitions are not designed to chase revenue. I've always said in 
logistics there are oceans of revenue and islands of profitability. We don't intend to be 
stuck in the ocean. So that's kind of there from a philosophical direction perspective. 
Specific to the Rivigo acquisition, our strategic view of supply chains in India is that 
across the board in India we'll see greater densification of networks. Over the next five 
years, we have seen significant densification of networks over the last five to seven 
years. And densification has two dimensions, there is a dimension of coverage and a 
dimension of latency. How deep do you have to cover the geographies and what is the 
latency with which customers expect delivery to happen. 
As latency shrinks and coverage expands, the need for moving smaller loads of volume 
will increase further-and-further. We've seen that play out, and we expect that to 
further play out in the industry. Everything happening from things like multimodal, 
etcetera, is all on arterial line haul movements. It's not a solution for densification in 
the country. As you see more Tier 2, Tier 3 penetration, this is something that we 
believe will continue. 
And the intent of buying Rivigo was to build a digital first business with a strong 
technology stack, nationwide coverage in terms of direct, near to direct delivery 
coverage, and be able to straddle a network with existing volumes we already had with 
time-defined service levels. And that's what drove the acquisition rationale. What 
we've got with the business is very strong network coverage. We are in more than 270 
locations across the country and have a strong retail or SME presence with a strong 
business partner network which adds yield to the business and its revenues. And 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
obviously, a great fit into the rest of our business because it allows us to provide 
customers with this real depth in terms of coverage. 
So that's been the strategic intent and everything we are right now on, we are pretty 
happy about it. I think it's delivered our 90-day goal on the transaction. You must 
remember it's only been 90-days really since we acquired the company. It seems like 
a much longer time and time, so you see the numbers, but it has only been 90-days. 
And we've hit that 90-day goal which has largely been integration. We are happy with 
the tech stack. Network coverage has been solid, so all that has been positive. 
Now that said, obviously, the question of the big gorilla in the ring is the business's 
profitability, which I think is what you alluded to in larger measure in your question. 
And I think I've answered that earlier when it was, I don't know who asked the 
question, but earlier that there are four levers. If you look at it simplistically in your 
business cost structure, you have two big transportation costs: your line haul and 
feeder, and the second is your feeder and delivery. And then you have operating costs 
of running your hubs and your network, because you run your hubs and networks no 
matter whether there's a load or not. So it's a high operating leverage model. 
And then there are overheads and other cost optimizations which are below the gross 
margin level but above the EBITDA line. So we have a compression strategy for all 
of them. Each of them is specific. The line haul and the transportation leverage, a lot 
of that will come as we transfer the MLL volume across and will further increase as 
we get additional volume growth, which we estimate to be the 12.5% to 15% range 
over the next few years on an annualized basis. 
So that's something which will drive that optimization because we will be able to move 
to larger trucks, better loading of the trucks. For instance, on lanes that we've already 
done early optimization in April, we have seen a 6% to 7% improvement in vehicle 
utilization, which brings down, which is a fairly significant impact on cost. 
The second part is facilities rationalization. Effectively, we were running two 
networks, an MLL network and an MESPL network. Those networks have been 
crushed together or combined. So therefore, we will get a significant amount of 
volume leverage by running the same facilities, doing things like running for three 
shifts, running at higher productivity levels, remanning the floor to drive better 
improvements there. And that is quite significant because facilities and what is fixed, 
period fixed costs in nature is around 18% to 20% of our cost mix. And so if we can 
run the same network with 30%, 40% more volume, we get operating leverage flowing 
in. 
There is of course a bunch of things on other cost reductions in terms of our spend 
levels, overheads and so on, which are also being addressed. They have not flown into 
the numbers in the quarter because, as you do optimization on some of that, you have 
costs. Whether it's shutting down facilities and you have to take costs from shutting 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
down facilities or adjusting productivity on manpower, you have associated costs of 
that. Those costs have shown up in Q4, but they will stop showing up from Q1 
onwards. And therefore you will see this optimization flow through. Our first goal is 
to get to that positive EBITDA level and once we are able to -- so as you get to that 
level, then we actually are looking at optimizing the numbers. 
So there is a clear game plan. I understand that obviously there is a sticker shocker in 
some ways on the numbers, but that's actually what we had given as an indication 
when we did the transaction as well, that we expect that there is a transaction which 
we closed everything on favorable economics from an acquisition price perspective 
because we have a five to six quarter window to optimize the business and get it to a 
creative level and probably a little bit more time to get it to peak earnings. 
And as of now, as I said, we are notwithstanding the size of what you see on the 
quarter's results, We feel pretty good about where we are well positioned to deliver 
what we said we will. And that will be in line with our 18% return on equity target for 
the company. 
Tarun Bhatnagar: 
Thanks for the answer. Just one supplementary question on that. Firstly, maybe you 
can talk through on your acquisition strategy. Are there further acquisitions you are 
looking at? And secondly, I also wanted to understand, you mentioned that you will 
be getting back to profitability by end of this year. Can you confirm that? 
And secondly, what are the things we should be watching out in terms of the actual 
operations in the business which you are currently doing and which we should hope 
to achieve maybe by the end of when we talk three months later and maybe when we 
talk maybe next year, sometime later in the second half? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So, Tarun, I am assuming your question is specific to the Rivigo business or the 
Express business, right? 
Tarun Bhatnagar:  
 
Yes. Rivigo and also on acquisition plans. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So, acquisition philosophy, as I said earlier on, our strategic intent, we identified a few 
areas and those are pretty much done now. So, there is no deliberate desire to pursue 
an acquisition on any specific area in the near term. We might find a tactical 
transaction if something happens because it is accretive of the earnings and is very 
favorable to fit. But let me just say, we are not looking right now. I think our focus, as 
I said, last quarter and this quarter as well, Tarun, is to optimize the acquisitions we 
have done and deliver the earnings which we committed on that. And as you have 
done on the 3PL business, to drive earnings improvement, we have done that 
turnaround in a large part on the mobility acquisition we did and now we focus on 
doing the same thing on the MESPL or the Rivigo acquisition as well. So, from a 
philosophy perspective, I hope that is clear. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
From an MESPL perspective, there are three big parts to this puzzle and as you look 
at markers along the way, Tarun, there are three things you should be looking for and 
I will be fairly transparent about that. The first one is volume growth. We are going 
through a process of integration right now, so big focus on service delivery and 
controls, putting our governance systems in place, putting some of our processes and 
policies in place, but as you go into the second quarter of this financial year, one thing 
you want to look at is that volume growth coming back. And as I said, the combination 
of that volume, which on a cubic feet basis is probably, we are on a pre-acquisition 
level, on a cubic feet basis, we are probably around 5 lakh tons. So, that is the first, 
that is the starting marker and then the question is how much do we grow from there. 
Our goal is to grow at 12.5% to 15% a year, so that is one marker to look for, Tarun. 
The second one is to look at the gross margin line because that is where you have a lot 
of direct costs involved and that is where the operating leverage of the site utilization 
and line haul cost efficiencies get better. So, I think that is something we hope to 
progress on faster than probably even revenue because we are timing the optimization 
right now. And the third part of course is the EBITDA piece, which is between the 
gross margin and the EBITDA line, which is a lot around the optimization of various 
items. There is a carrying cost of the debt, which is there on the transaction, which is 
a separate process through which we look at saying what are the ways to reduce the 
impact of that. 
But those are the four things largely, Tarun, which I would look at  monthly or 
quarterly. Hopefully, it is only on a quarterly basis, but we catch up otherwise as well. 
Those are the four things which I think will move the needle on the path to profitability 
in the business. 
Tarun Bhatnagar: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good evening, Ram, two questions. The first is on your path to value creation and the 
18% RoE target by FY '26. I mean, how does this look when you consider your 
business returns on a ROCE basis and what is the math you are using on net margin 
when arriving at the 18% RoE for a relatively asset-light business? 
The second question is on intangible assets and the increase  you see in the balance 
sheet there. So from INR10 crores to INR240 crores, what explains that and what is 
the intangible asset? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Yes, Sumit, I don't have the exact intangible number with me, but I would say that 
substantially part of the intangible growth has been the goodwill on the MESPL 
acquisition. That is the bulk share of that number and I can have somebody reach out 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
to you, Sumit, with a more specific breakup of it. But I assure you it is probably 70%, 
75% of the number is that element. 
Sumit Kishore: 
I would have also thought so, but goodwill on consolidation is mentioned in the 
presentation as flat at INR4.3 crores in your disclosures. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Okay. I will come back to this, Sumit. I am just looking at the file. But while we do 
that, in terms of your earlier question, your first part of your question in terms of the 
return on equity and how we measure it. As you know, we have said multiple sets of 
businesses, Sumit, so it is hard to say that I have one bellwether number across the 
board. But if I look at it simplistically, first of all, we do look at RoE rather than ROCE 
because we do have some leverage in the books. And therefore, if we had zero 
leverage, we would obviously look at ROCE as being a proxy for RoE. But ultimately, 
it is shareholder value and wealth which is most important. So bellwether metric is 
RoE, Sumit, not ROCE. That is more an operating metric for us internally. 
Now in the constituents of that metric, two broad elements. One is what is profitability 
and the other one is what is going to be our cap table and continuing cap investments 
in the business. I am coming from cap table investments in the business. The largest 
part in terms of the density of our cap table, has always been the 3PL investment. And 
we spent around INR75 crores of capex last year. We have always said that we expect 
capital to be in the 1.7% to 2% range. That has been the bulk of it. And the only 
exception was last year when capital went up to INR120 crores on the back of some 
of the expansions we are doing. But in general, it has always been at that range. And 
I expect that very much to be at that range. 
And as we model out our numbers or look at them, we can look at them being in that 
range. The other part of the equation of course is profitability. And while I won't give 
one number as a number for the entire company, I don't think that is practical. We 
have said earlier, Sumit, as you know, that we expect the 3PL business to get around 
2% at a PAT level. And we expect the different parts of the network services business 
to be between 3% to 4% at a PAT level. We believe those businesses will remain at 
90%-plus of the overall basket of MLL's earnings. So I think those are the primary 
constituents of that 18% return on equity. 
The working capital, it moves a little bit. NWC was 14 days for the quarter, up three 
days compared to last year. But that is largely just with marginal movements on our 
DSO and not being any structural issues around it. So I think those three pieces largely, 
Sumit, could have blended into that, into our confidence in getting that 2% or past 
18%. The biggest earnings element in that of course, as discussed at length today in 
multiple questions, has been the expert business. So getting that back clearly is a hang. 
And that is obviously, we have a fair measure of confidence in delivering that. But 
that is a short-term hang which we have to solve for. And then of course, you solve 
for that and as volume builds up, we believe that. And these numbers are probably 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
lower than some of the comps in the industry. So we feel pretty good about getting 
that. 
I don't know if Sumit will answer that question. As far as the intangibles is concerned, 
it is largely around goodwill. The intangibles and consolidation. I will come back to 
you on that Sumit. I have your number of contacts. In fairness, I don't want to give 
you a half-baked answer. So just give me some time and I will reach out to you 
separately Sumit and send you a note on that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Teena Virmani from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Teena Virmani: 
Hi, sir. I have two questions. One is related to this other unallocable expense which 
you talked about the impact of mobility segment also. But there is a sharp decline 
between FY '23 and FY '24. So was the mobility segment contributing somewhere 
around INR79 crores, INR80 crores to the overall component? And how do you see it 
going forward? Like was it a one-time impact or is it going to be? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
No, no. So Teena, the way to look at it is a bit of the other way around. So the mobility 
business, so unallocable expense is X rupees and that unallocated expense is shared 
between both businesses. So when two businesses become one, there is nothing to 
share. So two businesses became one in September. So we had two segments reported 
in September. So from September onwards, we reported only one segment. And 
because there is only one segment, there is nothing unallocable. Everything is 
allocable. So it is that simple. So do not associate with the mobility business as such 
because it is not a cost driven by the mobility business. It is just a fact that the common 
expense pool which would have been attributable to two segments is no longer 
attributable to two segments because there is only one segment. And therefore it has 
been fully attributed. 
Teena Virmani: 
 
 
And this will remain? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Yes, that will remain and therefore it has been fully attributed into the 3PL business' 
segment numbers and is reflected in the business's profitability. 
Teena Virmani: 
 
 
Okay. So this trend we will see going forward also? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Yes. I do not think we see it. I think unallocable expense is pretty flat in the second 
half of the year and that is what you should expect to see going forward because the 
MLL whole core right now is pretty much just, Mahindra Logistics is now almost 
completely just a 3PL Logistics company. All the individual network services business 
are individual entities as is the mobility business. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Igniting Success fl
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. My second question is related to Bajaj Electrical contract. Like you mentioned 
that you have already scaling down the contract. So which components are actually 
getting scaled down in this particular contract and how much incremental positive 
benefit that it can yield on the EBITDA side because it would have some impact on 
the revenue side. So what is the negative impact on revenues and the positive impact 
on EBITDA that can happen from FY '24 onwards? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So Teena, the Bajaj Electrical business at the peak was in line with what we had said 
when kicking off the business. When we did the contract, we had said it is roughly a 
INR200 crores annual business. At a run rate basis it probably peaked around there 
because as you know we had COVID impact and so on through the year. In Q4 revenue 
was around INR14 crores. Down as I said earlier on, down on INR32 crores from the 
same period last year. On a going forward basis, we expect that should be at the same 
level through the most of this financial year. 
From a margin perspective, the business we are doing now is all margin accretive and 
therefore there is no shutting down the business further does not necessarily add to 
margins. If that is the question you are asking, that does not add to margins. So we are 
right at a place where, volumes are around 25% of what the contract was initially 
expected to be at. That should continue for most of this financial year. As I said the 
margins are positive today at a pre and post Ind AS level and therefore there is no 
earnings optimization to further decline of volume. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay, got it sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in interest of time, that was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Thank you very much. Thank you all for joining us today. I hope you have been able 
to answer all the questions and queries you had. If you do have any further questions, 
please feel free to reach out to SGA our Investor Relations Partners or the management 
of the company and we look forward to have the opportunity to respond to those. 
Thank you once again for your continued interest in the company and our results and 
a good evening to all of you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Mahindra Logistics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
******** 
