corp VRRUD BEVERAGES UmiCED
Corporate Off : Plot No.31, Institutional Area, Sec.-44, Gurgaon, Haryana-122002 (India)
Ph.: +91-124-4643100-500 • Fax: +91-124-4643303/04 E-mail : info@rjcorp.in • Visit us at : www.varunpepsi.com 
CIN No. : L74899DL1995PLC069839
February 10, 2023
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/l, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in
Symbol: VBL
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com
Security Code: 540180
Sub: Regulation 30: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call
Dear Sir/Madam,
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on February 6, 2023 post declaration 
Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended December 
31, 2022 is enclosed.
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.varunpepsi.com.
You are requested to take the above on record.
Yours faithfully,
For Varun Beverages Limited
New Delhi
ivi Batra
lief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary
Encl.: As above
Regd. Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-1, New Delhi - 110 020 
Tel. : 011-41706720-25 Fax. 26813665
RAVI 
BATRA
Digitally signed 
by RAVI BATRA 
Date: 2023.02.10 
17:26:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Varun Beverages Limited 
Q4 & CY2022 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Varun Beverages Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please signal the operator by pressing '*' 
and then '0' on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Varun Beverages Q4 & 
CY2022 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Chairman 
of the Company; Mr. Varun Jaipuria – Executive Vice Chairman & Whole-Time 
Director and Mr. Raj Gandhi – Group CFO & Whole-Time Director of the Company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we'll have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some statements made in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through our results presentation that 
provides details of our operational and financial performance for the fourth quarter 
and full year ended  December 31st, 2022.  
We are pleased to close the year on a strong note with exceptional operational and 
financial performance reported throughout CY2022. The strong recovery in demand 
post the pandemic and our continued efforts towards expanding the distribution 
network across markets resulted in a 41% growth in consolidated sales volume. 
Additionally, we achieved growth in realization per unit through strategic measures 
such as selective price hikes, rationalized discounts & incentives and improved 
product mix. This allowed us to deliver revenue growth of 49% and PAT growth of 
108% year-on-year on a consolidated basis in CY2022.  

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
We are excited to share that our energy drink Sting had a remarkable year 
contributing significantly to both volumes and realization growth. As the product is in 
an expanding category, we anticipate a strong performance to sustain in the coming 
year. Our recent launches in the value-added dairy segment have also been well 
received by consumers and we are confident that these products will continue to 
drive growth in the future.  
As a leading beverage, serving over 1.3 billion customers globally through our 
extensive network of over 3 million retail outlets, we take our responsibility to the 
environment seriously. We are committed to sustainable & responsible operations 
and have taken a proactive stance in promoting sustainability in the beverage 
industry. Our aim is to minimize our impact on the environment and foster sustainable 
practices throughout our supply chain.  
Looking forward we aim to further strengthen our position as a key player in the 
beverage industry by leveraging our strong presence in fast-growing markets, solid 
infrastructure, and well-established distribution network. Our focus remains on 
delivering high quality products, further expanding our reach in key markets and 
capitalizing on new opportunities to create sustainable long-term value for all 
stakeholders. 
I would now invite Mr. Gandhi to provide the highlights of the operation and financial 
performance. Thank you very much.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone joining 
us today. Let me provide an overview of the financial performance for the fourth 
quarter and year ended 31st December 2022.  
Revenue from operations adjusted for excise/GST grew by 27.7% year-on-year in 
Q4 CY2022 to Rs. 22,142 million. Sales volume grew by 17.8% in Q4 CY22 to 132 
million cases and for CY2022, total sales volume grew by 40.9% to 802 million cases 
driven by strong performance in India as well as international territories. 
In the CY2022 net realization per case improved by 6% to Rs.164, primarily driven 
by price hike in select SKUs, rationalized discount & incentives and improvements 
in mix of smaller SKUs especially the energy drink Sting which has a higher net 
realization. The mix of Sting in our sales volumes continues to grow exponentially to 
about 9.6% of total mix in India for the year. This is leading to improvement in net 
realization as well. On the profit front, despite inflationary pressures on raw material 
costs, gross margins were minimally impacted during the year due to early stocking 
of crucial raw materials and an increase in realization.  
During the year gross margins declined by 180 basis points to the level of 52.5% 
primarily due to a surge in preform prices by more than 30%. However, EBITDA still 
increased by 68.5% to reach Rs. 27,881 million year-on-year. This improvement was 
driven by a rise in realization and operating leverage from increased sales volume 
which resulted in an improvement in EBITDA margin by 241 basis points to 21.2% 
in CY2022. 
Depreciation increased by 16.2% to Rs. 61,72 million as compared to Rs. 5,313 
million in CY21. This is on account of capitalization of assets. Finance costs 
remained almost flat in CY22. PAT increased by 150.2% to Rs. 815 million in Q4 CY 
2022 from Rs. 326 million in Q4 CY21. For the CY22, PAT grew by 107.8% to 
Rs.15,501 million driven by high growth in revenue from operations, improvement in 
margin, and transition to lower tax rate in India.  

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
On the balance sheet front, net debt stood at Rs. 34,096 million as on 31st December 
2022 as against Rs. 30,053 million as on 31st December, 2021. This increase was 
due to a greenfield expansion in the States of Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh as 
well as brownfield expansion at six plants in India for CY23. Our debt-to-equity ratio 
stood at a healthy level of 0.65x and the Debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 1.23x times 
as on 31st December 2022.  
Working capital days have remained stable at ~36 days as on 31st December 2022. 
The inventory of finished goods has increased in preparation for the next season in 
order to avoid any stock-out situations.  
During CY22 the Company invested in various expansion projects including Rs. 
6,300 million primarily for greenfield expansion in Bihar and Jammu and brownfield 
expansions in India and Rs. 2,500 million in brownfield expansion in Morocco and 
Zimbabwe. 
Additionally, Rs. 3,700 million for purchasing land for future capacity expansions for 
the year 2024-25. As of 31st December 2022, the Company had a CWIP of 
approximately Rs. 6,066 million for further greenfield expansion in Rajasthan and 
Madhya Pradesh and for CY23 brownfield expansion at six existing plants in India. 
The total net CAPEX estimated for CY23 is around 15,000 million. This growth-
oriented CAPEX will be primarily funded through internal accruals, further reinforcing 
our financial position.  
In line with the guidelines of our dividend policy the Board of Directors recommended 
a final dividend of Rs. 1 per equity share. With this total dividend declared for CY22 
stands at Rs. 3.50 per equity share. The total cash outflow for dividend payout would 
be ~Rs.2,273 million for CY22. This includes the interim dividend already paid.  
In continuation we are pleased to report a successful year for Varun Beverages 
marked by a robust balance sheet, strong cash flow generation, solid growth 
momentum. Our commitment to delivering value to all stakeholders and capitalizing 
on our opportunities will continue to drive sustainable long-term growth for the 
Company. 
On that note, I come to an end of the opening remarks and would like to now ask the 
moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that you may have. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Chirag Shah from CLSA.  
Chirag Shah: 
Sir it's good to hear about the development of the snacks business. Can you 
elaborate on our vision and the broader terms of the snacks business relationship 
with Pepsi in Morocco, where we are, also taking over the distribution responsibility? 
Would you say that we are incrementally getting more confident in managing the 
snacks business that we've just started? Will we be looking at setting up 
manufacturing capabilities in these markets? Lastly, in India where Pepsi already 
has a distribution set up for snacks, can Pepsi consider giving us distribution rights 
in these markets as well?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We don't think right now in India they are looking for any distribution partner. Maybe 
we can expand by the setting up plants, but for only co-packing and supplying back 
to PepsiCo. In Morocco we have started the operations in January for distribution of 
the complete range of products. We want to stabilize that business in the next 3 to 6 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
months and maybe once we stabilize it, we will talk to PepsiCo if we can start 
manufacturing there.  
Chirag Shah: 
As of now it will be imports which will go into the Morocco market? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That's right. It's already being imported. Now it's under us and we are importing from 
two countries Egypt and Portugal.  
Chirag Shah: 
I see that even India the manufacturing facility has started. Obviously, it's early days 
but are there any learnings from that? Are we now looking at further expanding that 
business?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, we think we've had a good start. Our production started in early December, and 
we are producing to full capacity.  
Chirag Shah: 
There's been a very sharp increase in inventory for the quarter. Of course, you 
explained by saying that you are preparing for the peak season but typically we use 
Q1 to prepare for the peak season but this time around we have done that in 
December itself suggesting that there could be serious capacity constraint that 
maybe we are facing. Is that understanding, correct?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
As the deliveries for most of the equipment are slightly delayed and we didn’t want 
to take any chance by running out of stock, we have pre-stocked much earlier this 
year than we normally do. We expect most of our lines will become operational in 
the next month, but still if there are some slight delays, we have safeguarded 
ourselves. Instead of starting prebuilding in January and February we have started 
prebuilding in December itself. Secondly, our resin prices are always at the lowest in 
November and December. We prefer to pre-stock it as much as possible and that is 
another reason for increase in inventory. This also safeguards us from the price 
increase and that's how we got partly saved in 2022 also. We have done that again 
this year to safeguard ourselves.  
Raj Gandhi: 
The season start  around Holi and this year Holi is going to be about 10 days prior 
to last year which necessitated building the stock which we used to start from 
January, but for this year from December itself we started. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Also, Chirag one more reason, now our South and West India markets are becoming 
more relevant to us as we are consolidating and improving our go to market. There 
season starts much earlier than North, usually the season starts in February.  
Chirag Shah: 
That brings me to my second question that now do you feel with the South and West 
territories also growing faster, the seasonality that we have in our business is that 
structurally coming down?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we're seeing that already, the Q4 numbers are much stronger than last year's. 
It is because the new territories South and West are performing well for us, and the 
numbers are becoming much better.  
Chirag Shah: 
In terms of distribution, our products are now hitting about 3 million odd outlets. What 
according to you is the scope for us in terms of further distribution expansion and 
how do we reach there, both in terms of number of outlets and then the Visi Cooler 
infrastructure?  

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are looking at about 10% to 15% expansion in the number of outlets. Our target 
this year is to try and reach anywhere close to 3.5 million outlets. If we can achieve 
this number, the expansion of the distribution infrastructure along with the trucks, the 
distributors, the Visi Coolers will be proportionately to what it is.  
Chirag Shah: 
One last question if I may, on the dairy business is there enough time to at least 
share the grand plan with us as to when do we do a national rollout and how do we 
take these products forward?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We think the national rollout will only happen in 2024 because our production lines 
are only going to be ready by the end of this year. We will be tripling our capacity by 
the end of this year. We think for 2024, we'll be ready to expand in a much bigger 
way and it will be a national roll out.  
Chirag Shah: 
As we prepare for the national rollout, do you think the sourcing for dairy is pretty 
much in place for all the regions?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, sourcing will not be a problem.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Nuvama. 
Nihal Jham: 
The first is specifically for this quarter what was the contribution of Sting. I think the 
10% number was for CY22, so if you could just give the number for this quarter. 
Ravi Jaipuria:  
The Sting contribution during the last quarter was much higher than the full year 
contribution. It went up to as high as 16%.  
Nihal Jham: 
The second question was that in your presentation you've alluded to the aspect of 
taking some price hikes in select SKUs and also on reducing discounts. Now 
historically VBL is a business which has seen significant volume growth and just 
given the kind of competitive intensity that the beverage business has, wanted to 
understand the reason of thinking of this as an additional lever for growth in the 
coming year or maybe years ahead.  
Raj Gandhi: 
We have also grown the market share and the penetration, apart from whatever other 
opportunity came in terms of reduction of discounts etc.  So we have worked on both 
aspects, more than just price increase on SKUs. Also, the mix was helped by Sting, 
which is mostly in the smaller packs, as on a blended basis smaller packs contribute 
towards higher margins.  
Nihal Jham: 
But looking ahead would we want to use this lever or this is just specifically this year 
that we've tried targeting reducing the discounting? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Discounting is a very relevant tool for us, it depends how the competition also 
behaves. Our job is to keep on expanding the distribution network and keep on 
making new products available, like Sting for example is a product where we don't 
find that much competition. And for our dairy products, there is no competition as far 
as our main competitor is concerned. Wherever we get an opportunity there we try 
and rationalize discounts, and also single serve margins are much better than large 
multi serves. Our single-serve business is growing at a much faster pace than the 
multi serve business.  

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Raj Gandhi: 
Moreover, that remark was with reference to the increasing commodity prices leading 
to higher input costs. So, part of how we retained our margin was by reducing the 
discounts which you can see from our P&L. 
Nihal Jham: 
Last question was for CY23. Could you highlight which are those six plants are? I 
think Rajasthan, MP would be two, the other four and debt target for CY23 and if you 
have one.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh are two greenfield projects and there is  brownfield 
expansion at six additional plants spread across India. It will be over and above the 
two greenfield.  
Nihal Jham: 
On the debt target? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Our target is to always reduce the debt. What happens is, our balance sheet is made 
in the month of December when the CAPEX is going on and in midway sometime in 
the H1, you will see that the debt will be at the lowest because then it starts paying 
off for itself and comes down. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies.   
Vivek M: 
Sting for this year was 10%, for the quarter it was about 16% as you mentioned. I'm 
guessing there will be some seasonality in the rest of the portfolio, so the number 
may be exaggerated but where do you think this number settles down in the next few 
years? Do you think that the exaggerated growth over here is going to moderate as 
we go forward? Can you also respond to this in the context of competition that has 
also launched a product which is quite similar to yours?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Energy drink market is growing, which is becoming between 10% to 15% of the total 
mix. Sting, our energy drink should be between 10% and 15% in India. Now of the 
total beverage mix, it would depend on what mix our competitor’s energy drink 
maintains. Our energy drink percentage would differ based on how people perceive 
their energy drink otherwise between 10% to 15% should be the energy drink market 
as such.  
Vivek M: 
The other thing is your presentation doesn't talk about it but this India 1 billion 
volumes which you have had come up or have had given in social media yesterday 
can you just talk about that number by 2025?  
Raj Gandhi: 
That is basically the internal mission of the Company, because in this year India 
volumes have already reached 652 million cases out of 802. Making about 50% 
growth over a period of 3 years, that's the internal mission for our sales team that we 
have given.  
Vivek M: 
That's very interesting and very strong number. Mr. Gandhi on the CAPEX side I 
have a doubt, your cash flow shows about Rs. 1800 crore. If you look at the gross 
block and CWIP changes that number is about Rs.1350 crore. Can you just talk 
about where is the rest 450 crore? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Capital work in progress is sitting under two heads. One is the capital work in 
progress, second is the capital advances to the equipment suppliers.  
Vivek M: 
That's the Rs. 450-crore number. 

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Raj Gandhi: 
Both together, yes that's right.  
Vivek M: 
Not both together. Rs. 450 crore is the differential. So, that is the capital advance 
number because CWIP I have adjusted, the delta change in CWIP is about Rs. 600 
crore.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes, the differential of Rs. 450 crore is sitting under the advances to the equipment 
suppliers.  
Vivek M: 
Mr. Gandhi when you talk about Rs.1500 crore number for next year. That's the cash 
outflow or the capitalization? 
Raj Gandhi: 
That's the capitalization.  
Vivek M: 
Of that capitalization of Rs. 1500 crore, Rs. 450 crore capital advances and the Rs. 
600 crore in the CWIP, right?  
Raj Gandhi: 
That’s right and only the balance of around Rs. 450 cr will be funded in this quarter 
and then from the next quarter on, like Chairman mentioned, two more lines for the 
Cream Bell value added dairy beverages launch which will be ready by the year end 
or January next year which will be one in Maharashtra and another in UP for the 
national launch of the dairy beverages. So, the CWIP for next year will start.  
Vivek M: 
But going by this math, Rs. 1500 crore capitalization for next year of which Rs. 600 
crore right now sitting in CWIP Rs. 450 crore capital advances that makes it Rs. 1050 
crore. So, Rs. 450 crore is what needs to be spent on these projects plus you are 
saying Cream Bell? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes, you are right for the current year’s CAPEX Rs. 450 crore only is to be funded 
and the balance will again be built  CWIP for the CY24.  
Vivek M: 
Another question is if I look at your growth and in fact you have alluded to that gross 
margins which have contracted in CY22 and the way in which EBITDA margins have 
behaved. I mean if we just do the extrapolation of what you are doing in terms of 
growth and what your guidance is, what you have spoken about billion cases, doesn't 
it look like that your margins EBITDA level with the operating leverage that you will 
get and gross margins coming back you can actually end up hitting more like 22.5%-
23%. Where is this math wrong? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We don't like to give guidance, 21% EBITDA margin already is very high. It depends, 
sometimes sugar is higher, or the resin is higher. We want to keep that safety and it 
could be higher but we don't want to guide that because we want to keep some 
leverage with us.  
Vivek M: 
Lastly on the foods business, what are the commercials on the food business India? 
When you talk about expansion Mr. Jaipuria will it contribute meaningfully to the base 
beverage business?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We think it will be very small for now. We have just started one line with them and 
we are co-packing for PepsiCo.. So, it will be very minuscule to the whole thing for 
now.  
Vivek M: 
I was asking this question because this time around Mr. Jaipuria did mention about 
more lines? 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Maybe one more line we are discussing with them.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.   
Percy Panthaki: 
If you can give some flavor on the geographic growth this quarter as well as for the 
full year as in which states are clearly growing above your Company average and 
which are really pulling the overall growth for the Company and also on South and 
West  I think when we had acquired, we had said that the cases are about 135 million 
cases in that geography but the peak cases were over 200 million cases and the 
objective was to reach to that as the first marker. So, have we reached that first 
marker or not?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Exact numbers we would not like to give territory wise, but overall as you are seeing 
the growth, if we have grown 41%, so mostly it's been throughout the territory. Some 
of the territories which we have acquired where our presence was very low, our 
growths are higher, and we hope as we are increasing our go to market that the 
markets where we are lowly penetrated or were lowly penetrated, those markets are 
going to grow much faster. Which is what is showing the difference in our seasonality 
also.  
Percy Panthaki: 
I just wanted to understand on Sting, what is the profile of a typical consumer of 
Sting? Secondly when he is consuming Sting is it a completely new consumption 
occasion for a soft drink or is he actually just switching from some other type of soft 
drink into an energy drink?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Very difficult to answer this question. Of course, there is some switching and some 
newcomers coming in as the markets are evolving globally, we are seeing that in the 
emerging markets energy drinks are becoming close to 15% of the beverage 
business. This is happening everywhere in the emerging markets you take in 
Pakistan, Vietnam, Africa.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Is this relatively a new phenomenon in these emerging markets or were energy 
drinks a decent part of the market even 10-15 years ago?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Energy drinks were always a part of the market but they were always very expensive. 
They used to be like you had Red Bull for example, so there was always a market 
for it. But it was a very niche market. Now since it's been fine priced, the market has 
just grown out of proportion and that is what is happening especially in the emerging 
markets. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, basically, the salience has increased over the last 10 years or so.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
I would say it has really taken off in the last 5-7 years. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, for these markets when this energy drinks explosion has happened over the last 
7 years or so, has it resulted in the overall soft drink market growing at an accelerated 
pace or has there largely been a shift between other types of soft drinks and energy 
drinks and the overall market has grown at the same rate as before but with a higher 
energy drink percentage contribution?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We have grown at 41%. Sting is only ~10% of our mix in India and our other products 
have also grown at over 30% so, the whole market is growing.  

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
What in your view is resulting in this breakneck kind of growth? Does this seem like 
sustainable growth? I mean the ex- Sting growth that you have seen does it seem 
sustainable?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The Sting growth looks sustainable but overall growth, we can only hope. This kind 
of growth doesn’t happen every day, so we don't want to commit anything on it.  
Percy Panthaki: 
What are the reasons when you said that this growth cannot probably sustain for a 
long period of time, what is the reason that we are seeing this growth right now?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are not saying it won't happen but we are saying that we don’t want to predict all 
that because this is an exceptional growth. We hope to have a decent good year this 
year also. We believe we'll grow and overall, we should have a decent growth. We 
don't want to give any numbers on it.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
My question is, we are doing relatively higher CAPEX as well as our working capital 
seems to be slightly on a higher side versus what we have done in the past. I just 
wanted to take a sense on the expected growth. So, previously we used to guide 
around 10%-11% sort of a volume growth but that was obviously on a much lower 
investor capital. Now since we are also doing a relatively higher amount of CAPEX, 
so, what is your sense on the expected growth going ahead?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we don't want to give numbers but we definitely are looking at very good growth 
and we hope we can at least do double digit numbers.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Just qualitatively can we expect that since we are investing relatively higher amount? 
Can that growth be qualitatively higher than what we were guiding earlier?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are investing but we would not like to commit on any growth number. We are 
preparing ourselves for higher growth and we are putting investments based on that. 
But till it happens we would not like to comment.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. On Visi Cooler addition front, this time around I guess we have added some 
85,000 Visi Coolers versus 40,000 which we used to do. In your remarks also 
mentioned that you expect about 0.5 million increase in the number of outlets as well. 
Can we expect similar number of Visi Cooler additions this year as well?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We will have to invest more on Visi Coolers because we are expanding the number 
of outlets at much larger scale. At least 15% to 20% of the number of outlets we 
expand, must be with Visi Coolers and the rest can be without Visi Coolers. If we are 
looking at 400,000 or 500,000 new outlets about 70,000 to 80,000 Visi Coolers need 
to go in approximately.  
Raj Gandhi: 
In fact, a part of this year's Visi target has been achieved by December last year 
itself. Therefore, you will find that number slightly higher.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
There has been an increase in the interest rate so what is the expected rising interest 
rate for our debt? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Still it's not that exceptional increase and moreover our debt will reduce in the next 
couple of months once the season starts. We don't expect interest payout to go up 
any substantially. You might have seen already between 2021 and 2022 in spite of 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
new plants and such an expansion, interest cost has not gone up. We expect the 
same for 2023 also.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Two bookkeeping questions on my end. If you could provide the carbonate, non-
carbonate and water volumes for India specifically for this year. 
Raj Gandhi: 
71% CSD, 8.1% is juice and 20.9% is packaged water.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
If you could also give me a country wise volume for CY22 or if you could give me 
numbers for good performing countries like Zimbabwe, Morocco etc. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
They are all performing well, we would not like to give individual numbers.  
Moderator: 
We'll take a next question that's from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you talk about the South Market and West Market we acquired? So, how is the 
distribution growth we have done post the acquisition? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are expanding our distribution in South and West India markets and that is why 
you are seeing our seasonality changing. Overall we have grown at 41%, our South 
and West markets are doing as good or better than that. That's a good growth which 
is coming, we are pleased with our new go-to-market system. We are now trying to 
slowly get back our market share which we had lost.  
Sumant Kumar: 
So, what work we have done post-acquisition like say the penetration in the rural 
market or strengthening our distribution channel and upgrading the software system 
for the newly acquired market? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
What we basically do is, increase the number of routes, increase the number of 
people, so if we were theoretically going in a market at 20,000 outlets we have tried 
to increase it by at least 30% to 40%. If we were going to 20,000 outlets now, we are 
going to 28,000 outlets and still there is lot of room. We will keep on expanding year 
after year because earlier we were highly underpenetrated in a lot of these territories. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, can we assume whatever the existing market we had pre-pandemic, or we can 
say that prior to the acquisition of West and South market, the newly acquired market 
is growing at faster pace compared to other territories?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That's right. Newly acquired markets, which includes the East, is growing faster.  
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand 
Capital.   
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
You have given the guidance about this distributor presence going from 3 to 3.5 
million in this year 2023. Can you give us a color about what is the split of this 
distributor across different regions and where the growth will be lot? I mean let us 
say West and South where you are focusing more what kind of growth will be there?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are not only focusing on the West and the South; we are focusing on the full 
country, we were weaker in West and South earlier as well as in the East., there is 
more chances of growth in these areas. North has been our original stronghold, 
where we were already going to reasonable number of outlets which we were not 
going in the other three regions. We are expanding our distribution in those territories 
faster than our expansion in the North territories.  

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Can we assume that in these territories like western, South and East your distribution 
is growing at let's say 30%-40% while in the North it is growing at possibly around 
6%-7%?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, there's no 6%-7%. The whole country is growing if we are growing at 41%. The 
North has always been a very strong hold for us. We are growing in the North also, 
but I would say percentage wise we are putting more focus on East-West and South. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
You had talked about this CAPEX plan in your previous quarter. Though you have 
kind of given some color with the specifics like, the timeline about your fruit juice and 
all those whether they are coming up in July or they're happening earlier as well as 
your beverage segment whether the CAPEX is over like you are fully ready, geared 
for your this year’s summer season? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we have planned a growth in our CAPEX and the six lines plus Rajasthan and 
Madhya Pradesh plants will be ready before season. Our juice and dairy expansion 
is for next year; we will be ready by the end of this year for next year’s market. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
By end of this year though earlier you were looking at something like July-August 
types? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We'll be ready before the end of the year for next year. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
You are more than ready for beverages for this year and for the fruit juices and milk 
and dairy for next year? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That’s right. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
A couple of quarters back you indicated that there are about 4,00,000 outlets that 
sell only Sting and there's an opportunity to cross sell other PepsiCo products in 
those outlets. Can you give us some qualitative color directionally where that number 
has moved in terms of 4,00,000? Has it moved to 5,00,000 or has it stayed where it 
was? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We don't have the exact numbers right now but we are definitely moving ahead and 
that's why if you see 9.6% share is for full year, however, volume has gone to 16% 
for the last quarter Q4 CY22 that means definitely more outlets are selling Sting than 
they were selling in the first nine-months. And as we enter new outlets, we always 
try and cross sell our other products. Once you start going to the outlet, once the 
salesman is going there then he always tries and cross sell the other products. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Second question is more  a macro question. Now there are a few categories that we 
have seen a little bit of slow down especially in discretionary and it includes QSR 
and other segments as well. At a group level you oversee multiple businesses. 
Clearly at this point of time we see Varun Beverages doing exceptionally well and 
your confidence for next year also indicates that. How do you read between these 
things that there is some slowdown in some discretionary categories and where do 
you place carbonated beverages? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We would like to talk about Varun Beverages, and we think Varun Beverages is doing 
exceptionally well. When we come for our other business, we will discuss it and we'll 
give you all the information on that.  

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
No, I was just trying to understand. Generally, you get these questions from investors 
that if there is broad based discretionary slowdown why is it not affecting certain 
segments? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
A lot of FMCG companies are saying that rural is not firing for them. We find it slightly 
different because a lot of the rural territories didn't have power situation. If you are 
selling a Unilever or a Colgate or a Dabur or most of the other products, they don’t 
require electricity or chilling. For us as the electricity and the power situation is getting 
better, our Visi Coolers are reaching, and cold drinks are only sold when it's cold, 
that is what is helping our growth in rural markets. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sparsh Jain from Intrinsic Value Compounding. 
Sparsh Jain: 
My question is regarding your rockstar product Sting. But would this current market 
share in the energy drink market in India as the main competitor also launched 
energy drink charged? If you just can give us tentative idea about that?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We can give you our numbers and we think we are doing exceptionally well. The 
competition has also recently launched their product. So, let us give it a few months 
and let's see what happens, we are quite positive about our drink, and it is expanding 
and it's doing extremely well.  
Sparsh Jain: 
Do you have a number regarding that?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We've given you the numbers in the sense of our overall mix for the year it was 9.6% 
and in the last quarter it was 16% of our mix. 
Sparsh Jain: 
Just a follow up question that what would be the volume growth of Sting this quarter? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The volume for this quarter we don't know and we would not like to predict and 16% 
of our total volume is Sting so we have given you the total volume numbers for this 
quarter. 
Sparsh Jain: 
I'm talking about the product volume growth of Sting this quarter?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It's about 175%.  
Sparsh Jain: 
And what would be Q-O-Q? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It is similar. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I just wanted to clarify on your remark when you said the single serves operated a 
better margin than multi serves. This remark was at the gross margin level or at the 
EBITDA level as well. 
Raj Gandhi: 
At the gross margin level. The flow through, after we reduce other expenses, leads 
to better EBITDA margins as well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Our understanding was that the smaller packs also entail a higher distribution cost. 
Are the EBITDA margins still better for smaller packs?  

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We don’t know where you got the information but they don’t entail a higher 
distribution cost. 
Raj Gandhi: 
We calculate it on standardized 8-ounce case basis. If you take on that basis, the 
distribution cost and other things will be the same. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I also wanted to check on Sting. Since the competition has launched it under Thumbs 
Up brand. Is it that Sting is also able to take some of the consumers which were 
earlier consuming Thumbs Up and they are also moving towards Sting? Is this a right 
understanding? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
To be honest it's very difficult to say because there might be some from Pepsi, some 
from competition, some from other products but overall Sting is doing extremely well 
and we are expanding distribution also. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about the Company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank 
you once again. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
