 
January 30, 2023  
 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Security Code: 532892 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400051 
  Symbol: MOTILALOFS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investor(s)/ Analyst(s)  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
This is with reference to our earlier letter dated January 17, 2023 regarding intimation of Earnings 
Conference Call (“Con-call”) with Investor(s)/ Analyst(s) held on January 25, 2023 to discuss 
financial performance for Q3 FY 2022-23.  
 
In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (as amended from time to time), please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Con-call for your reference.  
 
The said transcript of the said Con-call is made available on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.motilaloswalgroup.com/Downloads/IR/590849541Con-Call-Transcript_Q3FY23.pdf    
 
Further, we hereby confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared or 
discussed during the said Con-call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Kailash Purohit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer    
Encl: As above   
Kailash 
Chunnilal 
Purohit
Digitally signed 
by Kailash 
Chunnilal Purohit 
Date: 2023.01.30 
20:13:07 +05'30'

1 
 
 
Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services 
 
 
Con-call Summary & Earnings Release 
 
 
Quarter ended December, 2022 
25th January, 2023 
 
For a deeper insight into the company's performance and the management's expectations, we 
present extracts from the post-results conference call. We have edited and rearranged the 
transcript for greater lucidity. This presentation is available at www.motilaloswalgroup.com 
 
Corporate Participants 
 
Mr Motilal Oswal 
 
MD & CEO 
 
Mr Navin Agarwal 
 
Director & CEO- AMC 
 
Mr Ajay Menon 
 
CEO- Broking 
 
Mr Shalibhadra Shah 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr Chetan Parmar 
 
Head- Investor Relations 
 
 
This document includes forward looking statements, including discussions about the management's plans and objectives and about expected changes in revenues and 
financial conditions. Forward-looking statements about the financial condition, results of operations, plans and business are subject to various risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in this document. You should not construe any of these statements as assurances of financial 
performance or as promises of particular courses of action.

2 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Neerav, the moderator for this conference. 
Welcome to the Third Quarter FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call for Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. We have with us today Mr. Motilal Oswal- Managing Director, Mr. Navin 
Agarwal- Director and CEO, AMC, Mr. Ajay Menon, CEO- Broking and Distribution, Mr. 
Shalibhadra Shah- Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Chetan Parmar- Head of Investor Relations. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now invite Mr. 
Navin Agarwal to make his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, everybody. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Earnings Call for the third quarter ending on December 2022. I'll take you through 
the key highlights of the operational and the financial performance. The operating profit after 
tax for the nine-months was at Rs 619 crores, up by 12% year-on-year and was marginally 
lower for the quarter that we reported at Rs 217 crores. 
Core businesses, starting with the Capital Markets business, we reported a profit after tax of 
Rs 136 crores in the third quarter, up by 2% quarter-on-quarter. And for the nine-month 
period, reported an operating profit of Rs 359 crores, which is up by 3% YoY. The Asset and 
Wealth business reported a profit after tax of Rs 67 crores and which is flat quarter-on-
quarter. And for the nine-months, reported a profit after tax of Rs 192 crores, which is 7% 
lower than the same period last year. 
As far as the Home Finance business is concerned, we have seen strong traction there. We 
reported a profit after tax of Rs 36.3 crores, up by 9% quarter-on-quarter. And for the nine-
month period, we reported a profit of Rs 102 crores, which is more than 2x of the profit in the 
same time last year.  
Our consolidated net worth stood at Rs 6,230 crores and net debt stood at INR 6,330 crores. 
Excluding Home Finance, our net debt stands at Rs 3,850 crores. Our debt to equity ratio is 
1.5x. And excluding the Home Finance business, the debt to equity ratio stands at 1x. We 
declared an interim dividend of Rs 7 per share. 
I'll now take you through more details of individual businesses, starting with the Capital 
Markets business, which comprises of retail broking and distribution, institutional equities 
and investment banking business. Our revenues for this segment were at Rs 749 crores, up by 

3 
 
5% quarter-on-quarter, and at Rs 2,069 crores, up by 12% for the nine-month period. Our 
profit grew by 2% quarter-on-quarter to Rs 136 crores during the quarter, led by strong 
volume growth of 32% quarter-on-quarter. The volumes are substantially up on a year-on-
year basis. 
We also saw an improvement in our retail F&O market share by over 50 basis points 
compared to the sequentially previous quarter. In the same quarter last year, there was IPO 
funding net interest income of Rs 46.7 crores. If you were to exclude that, the profit after tax 
would have grown by 20% year-on-year. For the nine-months period, our profit after tax was 
Rs 359 crores, which is up by 3% year-on-year.  
We acquired a total of 511,000 clients in the retail broking and distribution business in the 
nine-month period, led by traction in our online channel. Our NSE active clients have 
registered a 14% year-on-year growth at 900,000 as of December 2022, and we ranked 9 in 
terms of the active client on NSE. 60% of the brokerage in this business comes from clients, 
with more than two years of vintage showcasing the stickiness of the clients. The average 
payback period of the digital channel, which used to be in excess of 12 months earlier, has 
now come down to less than six months. And this channel has also contributed more in terms 
of a new client addition in the nine-month period. 
The distribution AUM is at Rs 19,370 crores as of December, up by 17% year-on-year. And the 
net sales for this business is at Rs 780 crores in the nine-month period. We have a very strong 
53 lakhs client base, which is also growing, and that provides a very strong funnel for cross-
selling of various financial products in the coming quarters and years. 
Our interest income for the quarter was at Rs 211 crores, up by 27% quarter-on-quarter, led 
by a 14% growth in the margin trading book at Rs 3,320 crores. Our currency market share 
stands at 15% up by 300 bps quarter-on-quarter. Commodities market share stands at a tad 
below 7%. During the quarter, we launched the option store pro for advanced traders with 
features to create customized strategies given the large options-led market. We believe that 
this offering should further help us boost our market share. 
As far as the institutional equities team is concerned, they once again saw strong rankings in 
the Asiamoney Brokers Poll, 2022. And specifically, we are ranked Number 1 corporate access 
team and Number 2 sales team and execution team. The investment banking business 
completed three transactions with deal size worth Rs 2,330 crores during the nine-month 
period. And we are hopeful of traction in the fourth quarter as well as the coming year. 

4 
 
Turning to the Asset & Wealth Management business, the total assets under management 
across the asset management, wealth management and the private equity business is at Rs 
97,300 crores, and the net yield across these assets during the nine-month period averaged at 
74 basis points. The asset management business AUM was flat quarter-on-quarter at Rs 
46,500 crores. The mutual fund AUM grew by a smaller proportion in the quarter at Rs 29,500 
crores. We have witnessed improvement in the performance of several schemes. A lot of 
them are in the top quartile or the second quartile, and we believe that this in turn should 
reflect in terms of the traction. 
We've already seen the negative net sales numbers come down by 1/3 on a year-on-year 
basis from over Rs 600 crores to around Rs 200 crores. And we think that this should 
hopefully turn positive in the coming quarters. The revenues for the third quarter for this 
business stood at Rs 141 crores, and for the nine-months stood at Rs 424 crores. We added 
66,000 new SIPs in the third quarter with traction witnessed in the active funds, which saw 
SIP count addition growth of almost 20%-plus during the current quarter. 
Our private equity business has a fee earning AUM of Rs 9,540 crores across our private 
equity and real estate funds. In the third quarter, the revenues for this business stood at 
about Rs 51 crores, which is a very strong 57% growth year-on-year, and in the nine-months 
stood at Rs 122 crores, which is a strong growth of 46%. The wealth management business 
AUM stood at Rs 41,300 crores as of December, up by over 20% year-on-year. The wealth 
business revenues at Rs 57.8 crores in the third quarter was up by 13% quarter-on-quarter 
and 7% year-on-year grew to Rs 156.3 crores. We garnered net sales of Rs 4,560 crores during 
the nine-month. 
Our RM count increased as of December by 20% year-on-year from 139 to 166. And that in 
turn is responsible also for a meaningful increase in the employee cost and the operating 
expenditure of this business. In addition, we've also bolstered the leadership team with 
senior management hiring, to strengthen ultra HNI offering and advisory capabilities. All of 
this has led to lower operating profit margins for this business. 
Although we plan to continue to invest in this business by adding more relationship managers 
in the coming quarters and year. Overall, the Asset and Wealth Management business 
revenues stood at Rs 250 crores, up by 7% quarter-on-quarter and for the nine-month period 
stood at Rs 702 crores, up by 3% compared to the same period last year. Profits were at Rs 67 
crores for the quarter and Rs 192 crores for the nine-month period.  
Turning to the Home Finance business. The Home Finance business reported a profit after tax 
of Rs 36.3 crores during the quarter and an Rs 101.8 crores during the nine-month period, 

5 
 
both witnessing very strong growth rates on year-on-year basis. Our NII grew by 10% year-on-
year. NIM expanded by 66 basis points Y-o-Y to reach 7.8% for the nine-month period. Our 
yield on advances in the nine-month period stood at 13.8%. Our cost of funds were down by 
40 basis points to 7.9% because of the full benefit of the rating upgrade, resulting in an 
expansion of spread to 5.9%, which is an increase of 34 basis points. 
Our RPLR increased by 50 basis points with effect from 1st of January 2023, and we expect 
impact of this to show up in the fourth quarter of the year. Our disbursement at Rs 640 crores 
for the nine-month period are up by nearly 50% compared to the same period last year. 
Although this is still very tiny in the context of the size that we've achieved in the past. And 
we believe that the business is geared for a very strong disbursement growth in the next year 
compared to the base of the current year. Our gross NPA stood at 2% as of December 2022. 
Collection efficiency was 100% during the quarter. 
We had guided that nearly 1/4 of our restructured book could slip, and that is the reason why 
the gross NPAs are at 2%, marginally higher in the current quarter. Our gearing stands at 2.2x. 
Our Tier 1 capital adequacy remains robust at 45%. And so from a capital perspective, the 
headroom to grow this AUM meaningfully in the next year and in the coming years exist. 
Turning to our fund-based businesses. This includes the sponsor commitments to our various 
funds in the public market asset management business, in our private equity funds and our 
real estate funds. The total investments, including unrealized gain as of December '22 stood 
at Rs 4,720 crores. The equity investments, including alternate funds stand at Rs 4,320 crores 
as of December '22. And the XIRR on these investments stand at 21%, as far as the PE/RE 
business is concerned. The overall XIRR of all these investments that we made till date since 
inception stands at about 17%.  
To conclude, we have delivered a reasonable performance in the third quarter despite the 
market headwinds. Our retail broking business continues to improve its market share through 
digital initiatives and is also benefiting from meaningful market expansion and industry 
consolidation. Our asset management business, as I mentioned earlier, have seen 
improvement in performances of the various mutual fund products, which are in quartile 1 
and 2 and is looking to improve market share and net sales in the coming quarters. Our home 
finance business has seen strong turnaround in profitability, and this should follow a 
meaningful growth in our disbursement and AUM in the coming year. All-in-all, we remain 
optimistic on the opportunities offered by all our businesses.  
Thank you very much, and we are now open to question and answers. 

6 
 
 
Moderator: 
 
First question is from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities. 
Ansuman Deb: 
So my question is on the broking business first. So we have gained a little bit of market share, 
which is quite good. I just wanted to understand the impact of the new ruling on the potential 
income, interest income that we have and also the strategy going ahead in terms of whether 
we'll focus more on market share or yields. And how will the overall revenue pan out 
considering that in this quarter, we have gained market share, but the yields have gone down. 
So that is my first question on the broking business. 
Ajay Menon: 
Yes. So in terms of the market share, it's really a point about the F&O market becoming bigger 
and we wanted to participate in that. We have come out with specific products to align the 
growth strategy towards the futures and options. And we expect more digital strategies in the 
times to come.  
Now as far as the yield is concerned, it has come down a bit. But our yields are still much-
much better than what the industry average is. So in that way, we feel that the expansion can 
continue in the model where we have the digital model of advisory along with the digital 
products.  
Coming to the point about the funds blocking, there are a lot of regulations which has come 
in the last few years. We have gone through it, and have already seen overall impact being 
positive. So going forward, there will surely be some impact when the funds will move to the 
bank account of the customers. But in the overall scheme of things, it will only help in 
improving the overall market. 
Ansuman Deb: 
The question was on the wealth management. So obviously, there will be an increase in 
revenue with AUM growth and RM growth and this is also cost intensive. The balance of 
which in terms of profits, when you can see profitability improving gradually? 
Navin Agarwal: 
We've added to the leadership team meaningfully this year. That is not likely to recur next 
year. And we should get the benefit in the coming years. However, the RM additions count of 
20% increase that you've seen to 166 numbers is something that we plan to continue to keep 
growing in the coming year as well. So to that extent, you will see those investments 
continuing. 

7 
 
Given the strong growth in the RM counts that we have seen in the last two, three years, as 
the vintage of the RMs improve, they start contributing towards profits from the year 3 
onwards. So at least the old RMs that we've added in the last three years should contribute to 
improve profitability. But as of now, the limited point that we would like to make is that we'd 
like to continue to increase this relationship manager base strongly, at least in the next two 
years. And in turn grow the AUM of the business very strongly. So that will be the primary 
focus of this business. 
Ansuman Deb: 
So I just wanted to understand that at some point, the plus/minus would lead to a net 
addition in earnings, right? So what I'm trying to say that can that happen in next year? 
Navin Agarwal: 
I'm not very sure about that at this point. We would be focusing on continuing to grow the 
RM base even in the next two, three quarters. So I don't see the benefit of that coming even 
in the next year. Possibly in the year after that, we start seeing the operating leverage or the 
benefit of all of this. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. 
Sahej Mittal: 
So firstly, can you quantify the ideal customer funds in the broking business for Q3 to 
understand the impact if ASBA block trade for secondary markets were to come. 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
This number would be the tune of around Rs 3,000 crores to Rs 3,500 crores. 
Sahej Mittal: 
 
And we would be earning close to about 5.5% annualized yield on this, right? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Yes. 
Sahej Mittal: 
On this ASBA block trade regulation paper, which is floating around, what is your sense? What 
could be the potential implementation challenges firstly, for the industry and for the small 
brokers? Would it mean that they'll have to incur much additional cost, to bring their take up 
to the market, to have these trades possible for their customers? Some color around that? 
Ajay Menon: 
There is surely going to be a lot of process requirements. I think the associations like us are 
even talking to SEBI regarding the implementation challenges and at the same time, as a 
consideration paper talks about it being optional to start off with. There is the UPI limitation 
of up to Rs 5 lakhs per customer, so there is no problem in case of retail customer, but what 
about the HNI and the bigger customers. So there will be challenges as we go by it. I think it's 

8 
 
going to be a slow process of how it gets implemented and how the industry take it from 
there. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sir, do you expect, with this regulation, there would be further consolidation in the industry 
from top 10 brokers gaining market share from the small brokers or given that it would be 
optional, we don't anticipate much of consolidation on this? 
Ajay Menon: 
Overall from the digital strategy, the way the business is going, there will be a time that the 
consolidation will happen. All these changes which have happened in the last two, three 
years, there is consolidation seen in the industry, and this is only going to continue. So I surely 
see that the consolidation can happen between the smaller brokers getting marginalized. And 
at our end also in our franchisee business, which is one of the biggest business, we have been 
able to convert a few of the smaller brokers as our franchisees as a strategy. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Sonawane from Haitong Securities. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
So I have a couple of questions. The first few are on Broking. So currently, we have around 
7,690 franchisees, right, as of December '22. So just wanted to understand, out of our 33.6 
lakh gross digital client base, how much percentage is contributed by the franchisees? 
Ajay Menon: 
 
It's around 50% of the base. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
And again, with an active client base of 9 lakh, would it be same? 
Ajay Menon: 
 
Yes. It will be around the same. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
Sir, on your introduction call, you mentioned that the payback period of the clients being 
acquired through digital channels has lowered significantly to six months as compared to 12 
months a year back. So just wanted to understand, out of our broking revenue that is core 
brokerage is of around Rs 437 crores in Q3. What will be the contribution from the customers 
that got acquired through digital channels? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Yes, that number will be around 10%. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
And my last question is on AMC side. So if you can provide us, I mean, gross and net sales for 
AMC in Q3 and against in nine-month as well on that will be really helpful? 

9 
 
Navin Agarwal: 
For the third quarter, the gross sales was about Rs 1,700 crores, and there was a net outflow 
of about Rs 800 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vishal from ICICI Securities. 
Vishal: 
I wanted to understand two, three things in HFC. First, I wanted to understand the growth. So 
disbursements in this quarter have gone down and resulting in around 1% growth in AUM. 
Just wanted to understand the disbursement growth path and that resulting in AUM growth 
for the next year? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
As the disbursement quarter-on-quarter is concerned, it's lower because of the lower 
disbursement on the construction finance pool overall.  
But overall, we have achieved last full year's disbursement in the first nine-month of the 
current financial year, and we expect a stronger disbursement run rate in fourth quarter and 
in the coming periods. Overall AUM was also reduced because of the PMAY subsidy received.  
Vishal:  
 
So should we expect like a good AUM growth number for the next year? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
We are looking to hire more team on the sales side and enhance even the productivity of the 
existing team. We believe the disbursement run rate would result in a larger support of 
numbers on the retail disbursement front as well.  
Navin Agarwal:  
Also, in addition, you will see us adding to the leadership team, including the CEO at the home 
finance company. So as we make those announcements over the next three months' time, we 
think that we should be in a good position to grow the disbursement as well as the AUM in 
the next year ending March 2024 compared to the year that is underway right now. 
So we're looking at a strong buildup. I highlighted in my opening remarks that our gearing is 
at 2.2x. We have cost of funds which are very competitive. We had a rating upgrade last year 
benefit of which is coming through now. Spreads are very strong. The distribution network is 
over 100 branches already. We have about 500 feet on street, which we expect to take up 
meaningfully. So all of these initiatives, combined with the leadership being in place should 
provide us a very strong runway for growth over the next two to three years. 
Vishal: 
The next part in HFC, just I wanted to understand that the GNPA has gone up quarter-on-
quarter, but credit cost has declined. So I just wanted to understand the credit cost trajectory 

10 
 
as well. And you said that you are looking to hire people sales. So how should we think about 
the opex in HFC business? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
On the GNPA front, the marginal slippage during the quarter is mainly on account of the 
restructure book. So initially, we had guided almost 25% of our restructured book could slip 
into the NPA. So out of that, partially, there has been slippage in the current quarter. 
However, we have adequately provided for the restructured book at an average rate of 
almost 13%. So the PCR on the NPA book still remains at 41%, and standard provision 
continues to be higher at almost 1.31% on the book. So marginally, slippage has not reflected 
any further increase in the PCR. It has only been maintained. 
Vishal:  
 
And on the opex front? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
On the opex front, it would continue to be remain elevated because as we are hiring at the 
senior level and even at the overall sales level. So opex will remain elevated overall, but 
because we have robust NIMs of almost 7.8% and our credit costs are now meaningfully 
lower in the business, we expect a good ROA moving forward in the business despite the 
elevated opex in the next couple of years. 
Vishal: 
My next question, I wanted to understand about the fund-based business. So your revenue in 
fund-based business has fallen very sharply in this quarter, which is also resulting in 
consolidated PAT falling sharply. Just wanted to understand how should we think about it for 
the Q4? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Yes. This is actually on our investment that we have made largely into the equity assets, the 
book size of which is Rs 4,900 crores, out of which Rs 4,300 crores is the equity asset base. 
This book is subject to mark-to-market accounting, so every quarter, basis the overall NAV of 
these funds, there will be a movement in the profitability, which we report separately under 
the mark-to-market line item. So it's a function of actually equity market performance. 
Navin Agarwal: 
And to add to that, we have highlighted that the XIRR since inception cumulatively for this 
book stands at 17%. So without trying to look at it from a quarter-to-quarter basis, the 
management expectation is that we should be able to generate on this Rs 4,900 crores book, 
some returns in that facility of what we've delivered over the last years. And it is a good 
indicator of what one should expect even in the future. That is our expectation from the 
capital that is allocated to this business. 

11 
 
Vishal: 
Just last question I had regarding PE/RE business. Just wanted to understand our fee earning 
AUM has increased quite a lot quarter-on-quarter despite no new fund launches and also our 
yields have increased. So just wanted to understand why has that happened? And how should 
we think about it going forward? And lastly, employee expenses have also increased in PE/RE 
business. So just wanted to understand this also? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
In the PE/RE business, on the private equity side, we actually had the closing of our fourth 
equity growth fund. We closed the fund at Rs 4,500 crores of commitments, that closing had 
happened in quarter 3 of this year. And that is why you see a slightly bump up of the 
revenues because the final closing that happened would have an impact of higher revenues of 
one year of fees, which would be taken from all the investors who came at the last close to 
make them at parity with the other investors. 
So that is the reason you see higher revenues, which showed on account of the final closing. 
And also, we added the GIFT City entity, which was created a few months back, and that was 
approved by RBI and was made our wholly owned subsidiary in quarter 3 of this financial 
year. So by virtue of that, the revenues from the GIFT City entity also came in, which were out 
of the earlier close, in this current quarter. Overall, people cost provisioning has happened 
because of the added revenues as well. So from this quarter perspective, it would look higher 
because it has impact of the earlier quarter revenues also coming in the current quarter and 
associated people cost thereof. So that is the reason. Overall, however, in this business, the 
people cost to revenue ratio will be almost same as that of the last financial year. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Kajal Gandhi from ICICI Direct. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
Sir, two, three questions. First, everyone in the streets is seeing decline in active clients. We 
haven't seen too much decline; it is marginally stable quarter-on-quarter. So what are we 
looking there? Secondly, I wanted to ask certain brokers have mentioned that newly acquired 
clients from Tier 2, 3 and 4 are giving good revenue. So what is your take there? 
Ajay Menon: 
So regarding the first question, regarding the active client, mainly it is because we have been 
adding clients based on quality parameters with margin. So the entry point has been very 
clearly aligned with the quality which we want to get in. So to that extent, the attrition of the 
client is comparatively lesser, and that is how we have been able to ensure the active client 
base even in the last quarter. 
Coming to the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, surely, we are also getting clients from Tier 2, Tier 3 cities 
as in the overall scheme of things. But at the same time, I think for us we have got a good 
distribution network across our franchises and branches. So the mix might be much more 

12 
 
towards the Tier 1 and the metros to that extent. But acquisition is happening on Tier 2, Tier 3 
as well. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
What is the cost of acquisition? Are we seeing any trend off floor because that is what right 
now is happening because most of them have stopped extra expenses on advertising and all? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Cost of acquisition for digital customers is Rs 2,500. Our breakeven has also improved to now 
less than six months on the newly acquired clients. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
And sir, one more question. You have not yet shifted to the flat broker in any of the products. 
So what is the sense you're getting in your client? Because still you are able to see such a 
huge jump in your last two quarters' F&O volume. So what is the trend there? Like, because 
even after flat brokerage, this surge is not seen across everywhere. So what is the fall there or 
sense there that you're getting? 
Ajay Menon: 
We have always been based our strategy on research and advice, where we have got an 
advisory support for each of our clientele. So the overall value proposition is based on the 
advisory and the research that we give. We very clearly see that we will not be following the 
flat model.  
And as such, we have not seen much pressures on the yields, surely the yields are come 
down, but it still far better than the flat brokerage or the discount brokers. But the biggest 
value-add is the research and advice. And along with that, the distribution network, which we 
see, which we have aligned for a customer, so that you get a holistic solution from us whether 
it is broking or third-party products through our advisors. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
But sir, still when we see your cash brokerage versus F&O brokerage, the F&O ADTO has gone 
up from Rs 2.18 lakh crores to Rs 2.89 lakh crores in sequential quarter. But accordingly, then 
on being on ad valorem, the revenue from F&O brokerage has not surged that much.  
Shalibhadra Shah: 
On a higher volume, our market share is also growing higher. There is definitely some 
marginal impact on the yields. However, the actual revenue have surely gone up on the F&O 
side. 
Kajal Gandhi: 
In all, there's decline in cash ADTO. So has that impacted your total brokerage income? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Yes, that is one of the reason. Also in quarter 3, the overall number of trading days were also 
less. 

13 
 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
A few questions on the wealth management. If you can give some breakup of the recurring 
revenues between, what would be advisory driven and what could be commission-driven as 
part of the recurring revenues? 
Navin Agarwal:  
We don't follow the advisory model Abhijeet, so it's all distribution revenues. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And within the transaction business, just some major line items in terms of what drives 
revenues here on a recurring basis or on a quarter-to-quarter basis? 
Navin Agarwal: 
So, the trail revenues almost cover our entire cost which is what we've been consistently 
indicating. Almost 80% of the operating expenditure that we reported this quarter is covered 
by the trail income. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
No, I meant the transaction fees within the wealth revenues comprising 45%, which are the 
major items that drive those revenues? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Alternate products are driving the transaction revenues. So during the quarter, we had good 
sales of our alternate products, which has resulted in the upfront revenues mix. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And just generally, on the wealth business, just broad thought process on what's the 
aspiration here from a two, three-year point of view, what scale are you looking to build 
here? Any size that you are aspiring for? 
Navin Agarwal: 
So this business is quite under-indexed for us in terms of total AUM compared to some of the 
leading players in the business. And so we are looking at improving our presence, including 
our relationship manager base. I mentioned in the opening remarks that it's up by 20% year-
on-year, December-over-December last year. We would like to continue to grow this. I think 
over the next two, three years, we would look at least doubling the RM base from 166 that 
we have right now. This is more indicative directional. So that's the part that we are on. And 
that's why we've guided for elevated opex and cost-to-income ratios for this business. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And the target market would be somewhat close to where you are today, around 10, 15-odd 
crores over segment? 

14 
 
Navin Agarwal: 
We have been present in that category already. As mentioned in my opening remarks that 
we've also got the leadership for the Ultra HNI segment. So we would look at the same 
segment growth as well as adding to the segments and regions that we are present in. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Shaleen Sen from Seers Fund Management. 
Shaleen Sen: 
Congratulations on these great numbers and a very detailed presentation. My question is 
regarding to the advisory that we hold. We have close to 2,000 advisors and the average 
revenue given is about Rs 7.7 lakhs. Just wanted to have a number as to what's the cost per 
advisor here? 
Ajay Menon: 
 
It's around Rs 4.5-5 lakhs per advisor. 
Shaleen Sen: 
So this becomes a big amount in terms of our revenues, about 33%-odd is coming from the 
advisors. So what exactly does this hold in terms of advice? Is it mutual fund distribution or 
through brokerage? 
Ajay Menon: 
It is mainly broking and then comes distribution. But broking is a big piece of the overall 
advisory. 
Shaleen Sen: 
Do clients sourced through channels other than digital medium trade themselves or through 
the advisors? 
Ajay Menon: 
The client has got the option to trade online as well as talk to advisors. The customer has got 
the benefit of dealing the way he prefers, whereas the advisory is aligned to each client. So he 
can always give the advice to the client and the client can decide the execution perspective. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
I have a few questions. I just sequentially put them so it's easier for you to answer. Number 
one, on the yield on advances in your housing loan book, it remains at 13.8%, and you said 
there is a 50 bps rate increase that you've taken. So the question I wanted to know is whether 
the customers are in a comfortable position to absorb that and whether you will see the yield 
higher in the next quarter. So that's question number one. 
Question number two, how much of the book is still in the restructured category and whether 
you're getting at least part payments, I can imagine this is slipping to NPA's, but whether 

15 
 
you're getting part payments from the clients given the fact that the macro environment 
seems to be good.  
The third question is on the broking business. If I see the interest income growth versus 
interest expense growth quarter-on-quarter because year-on-year, again, there will be 
distortion due to the IPO. That you are seeing that the margins have compressed a lot. So are 
you essentially not passing on costs in a desire to gain market share? Or how does the 
dynamics work there? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Coming to question of restructured book, overall, the restructured book stands at Rs 251 
crores on the total AUM of Rs 3,650 crores. On the interest rate front, our overall yield is at 
13.8%. This does not included any impact of the RPLR increase of 50 basis. This effect has 
happened from 1st of January. Overall the collections in last 12 months have been very 
stable. So if you look at this whole trend of collections, and even in quarter 4 and the period 
to come, we expect that this RPLR impact would be passed on to the customers without any 
material impact on the overdue book.  
Broking interest yield is at 14% on the average book of Rs 3,200 crores during the quarter. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
Sir, my question was more in terms of ability to pass on the interest rate hikes because 
interest rates have gone up pretty sharply. So whether that is going to compress the NIM 
temporarily until the cycle reverses again. Is there any ability to hike your interest rate 
charges to the clients? 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
Actually, NIMs for broking have already compressed over the last two quarters because there 
has been an increase of almost 175 basis points in the overall cost of funds in the current 
financial year, out of which almost half of that increase has been passed on to the customers 
and half of that has been absorbed at this juncture in our NIMs. So still will continue with a 
healthy NIM of 5.8% on this overall book. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Sonawane from Haitong Securities. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
So my first question is on HFC side. If you see that within our AUM mix, the construction 
finance continues around 13% as of December which was almost around 11% as of 
September. But if you see that as your ticket size wise, about 2.5 million ticket size, it only 
contributes around 3%, right? And what you mentioned in note as well that you're lending to 
CAT-A builders, right? So there should be disbursement of very high ticket, right? So am I 
missing any catch over here? 

16 
 
Navin Agarwal: 
So the current retail disbursements are running at a very low rate Deepak. And as I 
mentioned to you, we are looking at stepping this up. We've seen a two-year high monthly 
disbursement in the month of December, and you're looking to ramp this up in the March 
quarter. But from a quarter-to-quarter basis, the CF book, it is very small proportion may have 
lumpy disbursements between quarters, and it will not be as smooth as the buildup of the 
retail disbursement. 
Deepak Sonawane: 
What is the average ticket size for us in the CF business? 
Navin Agarwal: 
Average ticket size in the CS business is Rs 30 crores. In the presentation, what we have put 
out is the only retail average ticket size. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions. On the mutual fund side, how much is passive as percentage of our 
AUM. And recently, there have been opening of international funds. So what is the unit 
holders' interest? Are we seeing step up? Are we seeing lump-sum investments? Are we 
seeing new SIPs coming in? Because I think from January, we opened the investing for global 
funds. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Yes. So the passive AUM is about 20% of our overall AUM. And because of the reopening from 
January, we are seeing even some of the stock SIPs have also started renewing. But it's in the 
early days. It's been only a few weeks. We wait for how this quarter shapes up. Anyway, this 
is not an unlimited opening up. It is only to the tune of the redemptions that our fund has 
seen. So I think the real growth in this will only happen Prakash, once the overall limit is 
increased. Right now, even if we expect to grow, it will not be very sizable. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
To the extent of redemption, the amount can come back, once that comes back, again, the 
SIP as well as the lump sum would stop. 
Navin Agarwal:  
Yes. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Assuming there is no limit change? 
Navin Agarwal:  
Yes. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Secondly, on the FI side, what is the sense we are getting from our client interaction. There 
have been net sellers in India in CY '22. And given where we are seeing the debt returns as of 

17 
 
now, do we think retail flows or new investors who just entered could stop SIPs or flows could 
get affected because markets have been challenging the last 12 to 15 months. Any sense on 
that? 
Navin Agarwal: 
On a year-to-year basis, if you see in the last 20 years, for most of the years, foreign FIs have 
been net investors in India. Their holding over a longer period has gone up meaningfully. On a 
year-to-year basis, there are various factors, it could be overall redemption in emerging 
markets and now in the near term, it could be China opening up and a lot more money going 
there. So near term is very noisy and very volatile.  
But if you look at the growth of India versus the rest of the world, the earnings growth of 
India versus the rest of the world, the share of market cap of India and the rest of the world 
and the holdings of foreigners in their overall portfolio of India, we are quite under 
represented. So the possibility that the flows will continue to be positive in longer term is 
high, as far as the foreign investors are concerned. 
As far as the domestic investors are concerned, again, we've seen lesser volatility than we've 
seen ever before in terms of volatile markets versus volatility in the domestic flows. I think 
the SIP book has been reasonably strong and steady, notwithstanding what is happening to 
the FI flows.  
So I think structurally, we see both of them actually, at some point, turning positive, although 
in the last year, we've seen the large FI selling offset by the large domestic money. So near 
term could be noisy. But longer term, we would expect both these stores to be positive for 
India. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, if I look at capital market-related revenues, they are approximately 2/3 for us on a 
run rate basis as of now. Any direction or aspiration over the next two, three years, what 
would we want to have this as a percentage of our revenues? 
Navin Agarwal: 
I mean while growing the capital market side of the revenue, for sure, given that market is 
consolidating, we spoke about that because of compliances, distribution, brand, a variety of 
reasons. We think that the capital markets business itself has a lot of headroom. But having 
said that, we are investing, building in the wealth management business, in the home finance 
business, I talked about the asset management business performance is picking up.  
We spoke about the Rs 4,500 crores private equity, fourth series that we have closed. We are 
waiting SEBI's approval for our next real estate fund launch, which will be of Rs 1,500 crores 

18 
 
of AUM. So we are really putting in all the building blocks in the rest of the businesses so that 
we can see faster growth in those businesses compared to the capital market business. As a 
first top, you can look at a 50-50 breakdown in the forseeable future. But obviously, given the 
annuity nature of these businesses, they have a lot of headroom and a lot of potential in our 
view. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And in this era of consolidation, will pricing improve on the broking side or with some of these 
new edge brokers who have garnered more than 50-55% of active client share, pricing could 
remain muted or upward pricing could be difficult? 
Ajay Menon: 
I think with the ASBA coming into picture, there might be some pressures in the discount 
brokers to look at the overall yields. But as far as we are concerned, we are still very much 
ahead of the discount brokers in terms of the overall yield. So we don't see any pricing going 
up from our end, but not sure about the industry on an overall basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shalibhadra Shah for closing 
comments. 
Shalibhadra Shah: 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, I would like to thank every participant, who 
attended the Q3FY23 conference call. In case, if you have any further questions, please do get 
in touch with us. Thank you. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
