Scrip Code: BANKINDIA 	
Scrip Code: 532149 
The Vice President - Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
The Vice-President - Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Ns 	
01 `41k 
Bonk of India b 
 
EIP 
Ti71-t T. Ref. No.:HO:IRC:SVM:2022-23: 452- 	
R9-.FT Date:24/01/2023.  
Sub: Q3 FY 2022-23 Earnings conference call 
with Ananlysts/ Investors - Transcript. 
Ref : Our Letter HO/IRC/SVM12022-23/409 dated 13.01.2023 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
conference call Q3 FY 22-23 held on 17.01.2023. 
The transcript of Q3 FY22-23 Earnings conference call is uploaded on Bank's 
website and the same can be accessed through below link : 
https://www.bankofindia.co.in/AnalystConferenceCallTranscript 
This is for your information and records. 
W-d-i171- Yours faithfully, 
(Rajesh V Upadhya) 
941 TrrA-q- Company Secretary 
7%79- 1,1 -11,1 -I. f9t9TT 	
T- I, Al6 I +-I 1, tr-5, tr-7t47, tr7r, 	77r, 	
, 	
- 400 051 
Head Office: investor Relations Cell, Star House - I, 8th Floor, C-5, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 Ph.: (022) 6668 4490 
: Fax: (022) 6668 4491 Email: headoffice.share©bankofindia.co.in  
Digitally signed by: RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ UPADHYA
DN: CN = RAJESH VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA C = IN O = BANK OF 
INDIA OU = BANNKING
Date: 2023.01.24 18:21:23 +06'30'
RAJESH 
VENKATA
RAJ 
UPADHYA

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Bank of India 
Q3 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. A. K. DAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. P. R. RAJAGOPAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. SWARUP DASGUPTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. M. KARTHIKEYAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. SUBRAT KUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
 
BANK OF INDIA 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bank of India Q3 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ line will be 
in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
We have with us Shri A.K. Das, MD & CEO; Shri P R Rajagopal, 
Executive Director; Shri Swarup Dasgupta, Executive Director; Shri M. 
Karthikeyan, Executive Director; Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive 
Director; and other top management team from the Bank of India.  
 
I now hand over the conference to Shri A.K. Das, MD  & CEO. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
A.K. Das: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all analyst friends, ladies and 
gentlemen. I extend a warm welcome to each one of you for today's 
interactive session on our earnings for the bank's Q3 results, FY '22-'23. 
As we step into the New Year, the global economy is still grappling with 
several challenges. World Bank, in its latest global economic prospects 
report has revised the earlier projections downwards and global GDP 
growth rate of 2.90% in 2022 to 1.70% in 2023. The emerging market 
and the developing economies are also projected to grow at a lower rate 
as compared to earlier projections that is from 3.80% to 2.70%. 
 
So Indian economy is not immune to global headwinds, but it is 
relatively well positioned to face the challenges on account of its sound 
macroeconomic fundamentals and financial system stability. In the first 
advanced estimate of GDP growth projection, NSO has kept India's FY 
'23 real GDP growth rate at 7%, marginally higher than RBI estimate of 
6.80%. Moreover, retail inflation, measured by CPI has been contained 
in December '22 to one year low of 5.72%, lower than the upward 
tolerance limit of RBI of 6% due to falling prices of food and beverages. 
The Index of Industrial Production, IIP, has risen to five month high and 
reached 7.10% in November '22, with robust growth in manufacturing 
sector. 
 
The banking industry, during '22-'23, witnessed a higher advances 
growth as compared to the projections. This exhibits increased 
momentum in business activity resulting into more demand for credit 
among different sectors amidst a relative illiquidity. First, there is a need 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
for more focus on liability side to fund asset growth momentum on 
sustainable basis. 
 
We are reinforcing our connect with the deposit clients to improve 
CASA as well as retail deposits by offering competitive deposit rates. 
With an eye on increasing NIM and containing cost-to-income ratio, 
high-yielding advances, that is RAM segment, continues to be our area 
of focus and the share of RAM in total advances is increasing on a 
continuous basis. In continuation of this strategy, mix segment advances 
are being targeted to boost our MSME advances and improve the 
portfolio yield. 
 
Maintenance of asset quality is of paramount importance, which 
includes SMA management and slippage containment with continuing 
measures for improving collection efficiency and NPA recovery. 
 
I am happy to announce that the bank's net profit for Q3 of FY '23 stood 
at Rs.1,151 crores, up by 20% Q-o-Q from Q2 FY '23 figure of Rs. 960 
crores. NIM improved to 3.28% from 3.04% last quarter. NII stood at 
INR 5,596 crores, up by 64% Y-o-Y. Yield on advances increased by 65 
basis points Y-o-Y and stood at 7.67%. RAM advances have expanded 
by 13.24% Y-o-Y, and its share increased to 54.14% in the quarter as 
compared to 53.34% in Q3 of FY '22. And CASA percentage has risen 
to 44.56%. 
 
Asset quality further improved with reduction in gross NPAs, both 
amount-wise and percentagewise. The gross NPA ratio was brought 
down to 7.66% and net NPAs to 1.61%. Slippages ratio for Q3 FY '23 
was restricted to 0.27% as compared to 0.30% in Q2 of FY '23. Cost-to-
income ratio also improved to 48.03% from 48.10% in second quarter 
of this year. 
 
Our global advances increased by 16.08% Y-o-Y and 11.10% YTD. 
During current year, with our ongoing initiatives, credit off take is 
expected to improve further from current levels. We expect credit 
growth of 11% to 12% during the current year. Along with increasing 
size and yield of credit portfolio, managing asset quality is also of 
significant importance. 
 
We expect gross NPA ratio to be contained below 7% and credit cost at 
less than 1% going forward. We aim to maintain NIM between 3.25% 
and 3.50%, thus ensuring a sustainable growth in profits. 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
I would again thank you all for your continued support. And the floor is 
now open for discussion and questions and answers session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. 
Mahrukh Adajania: I had a couple of questions. Sir, my first question is on general outlook 
on margins and loan growth. Obviously, for us, margins have expanded 
very well even on a very high beat last quarter. Last quarter, there was 
50 bps and this quarter also, it's around 24 bps,  Q-o-Q on a sequential 
basis. This is a very solid margin expansion. So, what happens in 4Q? 
Do margins come off, which they are at these levels? And then how does 
FY '24 pan out for margins? That's the first question. 
 
On margin and of course, similarly on loan growth, what is the outlook 
for 4Q? Does it accelerate because our quarterly growth rate in advances 
is somewhat lower than the sector growth rate? And how does loan 
growth pan out in FY '24? So that's my first question, sir. And then I 
have two more. 
A.K. Das: 
Yes. To answer your first question regarding margin, yes, there has been 
a perceptible increase in margins, which has come on account of several 
factors. One factor is, although our credit growth was little lagging 
behind the industry average, but we did a lot of churning in our credit 
portfolio. In that, we continue to focus on our RAM segment, which 
grew by about 13%, led by retail at 21% and about 9% to 10% in Agri 
and MSME. 
 
Second is our corporate credit growth, which was about 17%, 18%. And 
third, we deliberately refrained from taking low-yielding advances so 
that way, we did some churning, and we were selective in our asset 
pickup. So that being the case and volume growth happening and also 
on account of the repricing of assets, it helped us to improve our margin. 
 
Yes, there were certain concerns on cost side also. But as of now, there 
is not much. Our yield on advance, which has gone up very well has 
well-compensated whatever hike in cost of deposit has happened. Going 
forward, regarding sustainability part, yes, there will be some 
moderation, some erosion will be there for sure, because the liabilities 
will get repriced over the next few quarters. But we are confident that 
we will be able to maintain the NIM in the range of 3.00% to 3.25%. 
 
And for FY '24, little tricky at this stage, but I believe by mid of next 
financial year, if the rate cycle reverses, it will be little favorable to our 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
cost side. But advance side, we may have to take some hit. But again, 
that's little far-fetched as of now. Daily, market is evolving dynamically. 
And credit growth, we maintain 11% to 12% will be the credit growth 
for this current financial year and probably around 14% to 15% growth 
in the next financial year that is FY '23 - '24. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Sir, basically 3% to 3.25% is the biggish range. So, in the fourth quarter 
-- I mean, how do margins pan out is the key question, right? Do they 
fall like 5, 7, 8 basis points? Do they stay stable or do they fall a lot more 
than that. 
A.K. Das: 
This is only an estimate based on certain presumptions. There are so 
many factors at work, including the RBI policy rate, the rate reversal,  
inflation, so many things. So, we are depending on market forces. So 
given that kind of a situation and more particularly from the deposit 
repricing viewpoint, there will be some error in the market, but it will be 
definitely between 3.00% and 3.25%. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Sir, and my next question is on the ECL circular that came yesterday. I 
know it's very early days, but since banks are already filing IFR accounts 
with RBI, just filing them, would you be able to give a rough sense on 
what we can expect as the incremented provisioning burden or if at all, 
there will be any impact of the ECL circular? 
A.K. Das: 
As you yourself told it is rather too early to give any kind of specific 
number. But the only thing I can say is that we have been having mock 
runs in the IFRS mode for the last two years, and we are well prepared 
for it. So that much only, for the moment, I can say. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Sir, and my last question is on State electricity Boards. So basically, if 
State electricity Boards have overdue, right, they are 90-plus overdue, 
then do they become NPL and follow the same regime like other 
accounts? Does that apply to them or does it not apply to them, the 
SEBs? 
Swarup Dasgupta: Yes, State Electricity Boards, for everybody, the accounting rules are 
same. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. So, then they slip and then they can be upgraded after full dues 
are repaid? 
Swarup Dasgupta: Yes.  After Full overdue is paid. 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global 
Services Limited. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Complements to you for the fantastic results. In fact, according to me, 
the result -- the net profit would have been much higher but for that 
provision of divergence, remaining amount has been provided for in this 
quarter itself instead of Rs.400-and-odd crores in the next quarter. Sir, 
what is the reason for that? Are we not sure of a good profit in the fourth 
quarter also or we just want to, I mean, give a better balance sheet? This 
is my first question. 
A.K. Das: 
See, the basic rule is, in good times, you do as much as provisioning or 
create a provision buffer in a possible level. We had a good pool of 
operating profit and I think that too for showing another net profit of 
Rs.450 crores, it doesn't make sense. Rather, we are safeguarding our 
March balance sheet. It's nothing like that because there are some 
apprehension that's why it has been done upfront. As a matter of 
adequate prudence, it has been done. We were in a position to do that; 
hence, we did it. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Point well accepted and well taken. Sir, my next question about co-
lending space and pool buying and increasing our book on that through 
the NBFCs. What is the progress on that? Because our -- this advance 
growth in this quarter is muted, especially -- or rather negative as 
compared to the last quarter. So, can you give some color on that? This 
is my second question, sir. 
A.K. Das: 
Can you elaborate, Ashok ji, how advances growth is negative compared 
to last quarter? Do you have numbers. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
It is muted, sir, it is muted. We are in a low growth trajectory. 
S.B.Singh, G.M: 
We are going well on our plans. We have tied up with two Fintech 
companies, one Cred Avenue, that is Yubi and another one, Knight 
Fintech. And by end of this month, our integration will be complete with 
Yubi and by February end it will be completed with Knight Fintech. So 
thereafter, we can go full-fledged because with some of the regulatory 
issues of individual account opening and real-time reconciliation with 
NBFC books, that was an issue. And this is the issue with most of the 
other banks. So we have tried to settle the issue first and then go in for 
that. 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
My last question is, Sir, on the asset going through NARCL. Where do 
we stand there? I think it is not yet started, but the final hurdle of the 
bank -- that government guarantee is cleared now. So in the next coming 
quarter, how much do we expect to go there from the gross NPA, I mean, 
the asset transfer? And how much approximately yield or the recovery 
we will get out of it? 
V.Anand, G.M: 
As far as our bank is concerned, around 17 accounts are there which 
have being identified, out of which, for one Kolkata-based NBFC 
NARCL has already given the resolution plan. They are not taking in 
ARC mode, but under IBC mode. As of now, they have been declared 
as H1 bidder.  And going forward, administrator will place this before 
COC by opening the voting window.  We will be taking a call. Other 
than that, for this quarter, we have only one account, which is the paper 
industry, which is one of the very early accounts identified where the 
process is at a very advanced stage and we expect only this account to 
go to NARCL during this quarter. The remaining accounts may spill 
over to Q1. 
M.Karthikeyan: 
And in terms of NCLT recoveries during this quarter, we had a recovery 
of Rs. 310 crores, Ashok ji, and reduction of NPA to the tune of Rs. 627 
crores. And this quarter, we are planning a reduction of Rs. 600 crores 
in NCLT advance. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, any color on the SREI, sir, where the CoC meetings are going on, 
how much is our share? And how much do we expect? 
V.Anand,G.M.: 
Yes, sir. That's what I told just now, Kolkata-based NBFC, I did not take 
any name. Today also, just now, a CoC meeting has started. So, today, I 
don't think anything will be decided because still the advisor, SBI CAP 
has to place the three plans comparison chart. So it may take one or two 
more days for finalization, and then only the voting window will be 
open. So as of now, only the cash component is final. The instrument 
and the other OCDs is yet to be finalized even though initially that was 
given. But since the cash portion has got an upside during the SWISS 
challenge process, accordingly, we expect that the other NCDs  also will 
have an upside. So we'll come to know only in a day or two after what 
actually will be the figures. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Suraj Das from B&K Securities. 
Suraj Das: 
I have couple of questions. The first question is that, is there any one-
off in the interest income as well as on the staff expenses? The reason 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
I'm asking this question is that it seems that interest from RBI bank 
balances and others have almost doubled on a Q-o-Q basis, while on the 
staff expense side, despite this additional wage provision of Rs. 85 
crores, it has declined on a Q-o-Q basis. So is there any one-off in these 
two-line items? That is the first question. 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
First of all, that staff item, that wage revision, we have, this time, first 
provided. Last quarter, we have not provided this because the wage 
revision will start from November 2022 onwards. So we have provided 
Rs.85 crores. And going on in the subsequent quarter also, we'll keep on 
providing the same on appropriate basis. 
Suraj Das: 
Right, sir. So ideally, the staff expense should increase, right, on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, because we are anyway, there is BAU staff 
expenses, plus you have provided something additional. However, you 
are reporting says that there is Q-o-Q decline on staff expenses. So is 
there any one-off? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
No, there is nothing as such. 
Suraj Das: 
 
And on the interest line item? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
Interest line item also, there is no one-off item. It is a regular as such 
that, that because of the growth in the advances and continuous focus on 
the high yielding advances and re-pricing. These are the three factors 
that have contributed to the increase in the interest income. 
Suraj Das: 
 
Sir, is there any IT refund, income tax on IT refund or something like          
that in the interest income? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
Yes. That has already been factored. 
Suraj Das: 
 
So what would be the quantum if, you can -- if you have a rough 
estimate? 
Sankar Sen, CFO: 
Rs. 251 crores, we have already factored this time. 
Suraj Das: 
And on staff expense, just to conclude, I mean, what is your expectation 
on the staff expense going ahead? Do you want it to be something around 
at this level in the INR 1,700 crores roughly, or? 
A.K. Das: 
Yes, more or less on the same line. And of course, it will slightly go up 
because our base division contribution needs to be factored. So because 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
this time, we have factored only for two months. Next time onwards, we 
need to factor for three months onwards, three months only in a quarter. 
Suraj Das: 
 
Right. So that would be additional Rs. 40 crores on Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 42 
crores? 
A.K. Das: 
 
Yes, it will increase. 
Suraj Das: 
And sir, the second thing is that, is there any lumpy recovery in the NII 
from any large chunk of NPAs in this quarter? 
M. Karthikeyan: 
It's all regular recovery, sir. We have three schemes going on, under our OTS 
settlement scheme. 
Suraj Das: 
The second question is on the capital, I mean, it seems that, you are about to 
raise Rs.1,500 crores through via QIP. The question is, Sir, what is the need 
for this capital because your CET1 is at a comfortable level of 12.7%, 12.8%? 
And I think the recent government notification also says that probably PSU 
entities are also -- the NPA norms at PSU entities have also been relaxed. So 
just wanted to check, if my understanding is correct, and what is the need for 
this capital raise? 
A.K. Das: 
At one stage, our CRAR was above 18%. Now at the end of Q3, it is 15.60%. 
The basic purpose of augmenting capital is to improve our risk appetite. And 
that is why we have got approved the plan of about Rs. 2,500 crores, of which 
Rs. 1,500 crores we have raised. We are at 15.6%. But again, we have to think 
little forward. If we want to expand our advances base and maybe little lower 
rated accounts we want to take, that will lead to capital consumption, plus any 
unexpected or change in the regulation or in accounting procedure and all, so 
always it is better to create that capital buffer. And by that, we are expecting at 
least 17% or 17.5% capital should be good enough for us. 
Suraj Das: 
Last question, Sir, if you can provide two data. One is, Sir, loan mix by 
benchmark, what percentage of loan should be EBLR-linked? What would be 
our MCLR share and fixed and others? And the second data keeping question 
is, out of the restructured book, if you can say how much is out of moratorium, 
what would be the slippages run rate from there and what is the outstanding 
NPA? 
M. Karthikeyan: 
Yes. I'll take the second question first. You are aware that RFCRS 1 and 
RFCRS 2 are the two things which government had asked us to do and the 
regulator also supported. We started off with a disbursement of Rs. 7,714 
crores RFCRS 1, of which we got Rs. 4,680 crores closed. And presently, Rs. 
1,172 crores is under NPA. The balance outstanding in RFCRS 1 is Rs. 1,862 
crores, which is all standard. So we don't foresee any risk because all the 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
moratorium is over. The repayment has started. We are continuously engaging 
with these customers. So we don't see any pain. 
Coming to Resolution Framework 2.0, we started off with a disbursement of 
Rs. 11,897 crores, and we got Rs. 3,771 crores closed. So the NPA there is 
6.94% amounting to Rs. 826 crores, and there, 31% of book is still under 
moratorium. So 69% is out. We are staying closely engaged with them. The 
level of engagement whereby we have put in place  Restructure Cells in each 
of our 69 zones which  is paying off. And you can see very well the forward 
role of SMA-2 is just about 2.49%. So we don't see any pain points there in 
Resolution 2.0 as well. 
Swarup Dasgupta: 
Regarding first question, our MCLR-linked portfolio is RS. 1,72,847 crores, 
and RBLR-linked is on Rs. 1,89,317 crores, rest other rate of interest. So 
majority is in RBLR-linked rate. 
Suraj Das: 
If I can squeeze one more question, what would be your ECLGS quantum 
outstanding? And what kind of slippages you have seen from that book? 
A.K. Das: 
 
Rs.5,100 crores-odd is the ECLGS outstanding. And NPA percentage there          
is, 6.29%. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Kartik Solanki from Elara Capital. 
Kartik Solanki: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My question was on the lines of 
capital raising. So what are the future plans of the bank regarding capital 
raising? And its take on what would be the government holding in the coming 
quarter and the year? 
A.K. Das: 
At the moment, the government holding is about 81%. I think someone prior 
to you was asking this capital question also. See, always, it is prudent to have 
a capital buffer. That is why we are planning to go for a QIP very soon that is 
Number one. Number two, for year ending March '23, we'll have good amount 
of retained earnings. So with all those things put in place, I think we should be 
safely above 17% to 17.5% capital by March '23. 
Kartik Solanki: 
My next question was on the lines of retail loan portfolio. So as we have seen 
in the retail loan portfolio, there has been a tremendous growth in the vehicle 
loan segment and the personal loan segment of around 40% to 45% year-on-
year. So where does the bank see vehicle and personal loan segment growing 
as far as retail loans are considered? 
A.K. Das: 
See, in retail, the critical mark is still home loans. But the high growth rates 
you are seeing is mostly on account of a low base there. Vehicle loan, hardly 
from Rs. 9,000 crores, it has gone up to Rs. 13,000 crores and personal from 
Rs. 4,400 crores. So in terms of sheer percentage, they are not very significant. 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
But yes, there has been quite a lot of focus on the retail pack as such. But we 
will continue to focus on home loan segment and personal loan.  Lot of salary 
accounts we have, but we need to leverage that. We are offering lot of add-on 
features also. So I think 21% is a good rate. We would like to further improve 
it, but primarily driven by home loans. And we have also  partnered with a 
venture called CRMNext, where we are targeting the retail leads more 
effectively these days with all the field functionaries. So that has also started 
paying off. We are allowed to reach out to the customers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, on this divergence provisioning, right, so now we have already provided 
entirely on this Rs. 1,400 crores of provisioning and then notes to account, June 
7 circular, we have also provided on a prudent basis to Rs. 2,000 crores, which 
is on June 7 circular. So would this, so if I were to total these two standard 
assets provisioning, are they additive? I mean or this Rs. 2,000 crores on June 
7 circular is anyway including the Rs. 1,400 crores of divergence provisioning? 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
Yes, Jai, it is included. And in the notes, we have also mentioned that Rs. 2,075 
crores as on 31/12/2022. So it is as on that figure. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So sir, what could be the timeline for these provisions to unwind, assuming 
some of these are, of course, as you made standard assets provisioning, so these 
are standard assets. So when do they unwind? 
V. Anand, G.M: 
As per the 7/6/2019 circular, once we have made the provision, we have to start 
monitoring the account closely. So 180 days, it should be out of SMA portfolio 
completely. Then only we'd be in a position to unwind the provision. So we 
have made the provision before the Q2. So two of our accounts have already 
moved on. We are monitoring, probably in the month of February it may come 
out. So all these accounts, we have a close monitoring, so that during Q4 and 
Q1, we'll be in a position to unwind the provisioning. 
M. Karthikeyan: 
And one more thing, Jai, is that these accounts, we are also in touch with other 
bankers. Presently, these are standard with ours, but in the system, other banks 
had it -- flagged as SMA. That's why our coordination is not only with our own 
branch specific, but we coordinate with other banks as well to see that 
delinquency doesn't happen during this review period. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And second question was, sir, on overseas book, right? So on Y-o-Y basis, of 
course, your growth looks very strong. But on Q-o-Q basis, the overseas book 
has now become flat or a stable Q-on-Q. Is there any, how should one look at 
the growth in the overseas book, or whatever the tailwinds were in terms of 
rates or corporates taking overseas exposure, has that reduced, or how should 
one look at the growth in this book? 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Monoj Das, CGM: 
We are looking at -- now we are strategizing it. So we are looking probably at 
10% to 12% growth over whatever we have done. But this outstanding also 
includes some oil credit funding. And those have been repaid. That's why my 
core outstanding is increasing. But with oil credit, oil companies they have 
paid. This is under the RBI dispenser. So that's why total is degrading. But we 
look further for 10% to 12% growth on the core business side. 
Jai Mundhra:  
So 10% to 12% is for global business or overseas business also? 
Monoj Das, CGM: 
Overseas business, sir, not global. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And last question, Sir, is on DTA.  If you can highlight what is the DTA right 
now. And if you were to move to the new tax regime by next quarter, FY '23, 
what sort of onetime hit can be expected? 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
See, DTAs, this 31st December 2022, outstanding is around Rs. 7,600 crores. 
Last quarter, it was Rs. 8,200 crores. We have reduced from Rs. 8,200 crores 
to Rs. 7,600 crores. Now our plan is to, next year, we should bring down this 
DTA component to around Rs. 5,000 crores and once it reaches the benchmark 
of around Rs. 5,000 crores, then with the additional tax burden of around Rs. 
1,500 crores can come. And that cannot be offset once last year -- next year, if 
we get that decision, we get the MAT credit, then with the MAT credit, the 
debit of additional tax burdens can offset. That point of time only we can shift 
to the new regime. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And last question, sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned credit cost at 
1% from here onwards. Our net NPA is now 1.6%. So, I mean the credit cost 
is still on a net NPA base of 1.6% wherein your new slippages are getting offset 
by the recovery upgrade. So I mean, is that just a ballpark number or is 1% 
credit? 
A.K. Das: 
 
The 1% was a worst-case scenario. 
Jai Mundhra: 
What could be the likely scenario, sir? 
A.K. Das: 
In normal baseline scenario, we will continue to have similar trend as we have 
been having for the first three quarters. That is a slippage of another Rs. 1,200 
crores and recovery of about Rs. 2,500 crores. And our PCR is 90% there. So 
we have enough room there. So basically, we want to make sure that our credit 
cost doesn't exceed 1% in any case. But we would like to -- like previous 
quarters, we were much lower than 0.93%. So we would like to have it within 
1%, and that's considered quite prudent. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Just that your -- some of these standard assets provisioning will not come, 
right? So when you calculate your credit cost, do you include those standard 
assets provisioning or no? 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
A.K. Das: 
All these assumption or guidance’s are based on certain assumptions. So this 
is as of now. So maybe depending on the unwinding, as you told earlier, we 
will have a revisit there. I mean difficult to predict everything precisely at this 
point in time.  
Jai Mundhra: 
Right, sir. Okay. And sir, if I may ask, do you have -- I mean, maybe someone 
can also answer that, 1% ROA, do you think it is possible in, let's say, '24 or 
maybe '25 or that is just an aspiration level as of now? 
A.K. Das: 
'24 March, I think there is a distinct possibility because we have progressively 
improved, now brought it to 0.57%. And I'm sure, going forward, because 
some of the banks, they have declared results and they have already gone 
beyond 1%, so 1% is ideal, but March '23, we may not be able to cross that. 
But definitely, March '24, there will be a possibility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity 
Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Congratulation on a great set of results and preparing Bank of India ground on 
a good wicket in your tenure. 
A.K. Das: 
Thank you. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, you've answered most of the question on ROA, ROE and the margins. If I 
have to ask you a question, what do you think should be a concern as on today 
where our balance sheet is concerned? 
A.K. Das: 
One concern, I would say, which is secularly-found-out-concern but not 
insurmountable is the deposit part -- resources part, which all of us are quite 
engaged. And I think, before long, we will be able to address that. Otherwise, 
the top line, profit and profitability in all these three aspects, I think we are 
well on track. If I give you a simple example, I think our operating profit, which 
is our core income before any kind of provision and all, it has gone up quite 
substantially.  
 
Last entire financial year, we were not even Rs. 10,000 crores of operating 
profit. This time, in three quarters, we have crossed Rs. 9,200 crores plus, of 
course, the NII and NIM thing, operating efficiency is there. So the only,  focus 
area that we are constantly looking at is the resources. We already have a good 
CASA franchise, 45.56% is fairly good, I think, if not the best, one of the best 
in the -- at least among the PSBs. So that is the probably only area where we 
are trying to stay focused. 
 
And second, of course, not in business front, but on the IT front, where we 
were a late starter. Certain projects got delayed and all. But I believe by maybe 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
in the next one or two months, we should be able to roll out whatever we had 
planned about year and half back. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, can you answer, as you mentioned about digitization and future enablers 
being ready in digital platform, what was the cumulative spend done in last 
two, three years to make yourself a digital savvy bank starting maybe the next 
financial year? 
A.K. Das: 
Our overall budget envisaged is about Rs. 6,000 crores. 
Sushil Choksey: 
How much could you have spent by now? 
A.K. Das: 
Rs. 820 crores already, this year alone has been incurred and some amount in 
previous year also. So this is supposed to be staggered over a period of five 
years, sir.  Last year, it was Rs. 900 crores. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, should we count only two years or three years total number. 
A.K. Das: 
No. I think we have to count forward next two to three years because certain 
projects are in advanced stage, certain projects have been just initiated. 
Sushil Choksey: 
So similar kind of capex of Rs. 800 crores, Rs. 900 crores run rate should be 
there for next few years? 
A.K. Das: 
Yes. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, on credit cost and dilution, you have highlighted, but is it that now it's not 
mandated, but you would like to see government holding at 75% was one of 
the reasons you're looking at QIP as an enabler in maybe next one month or 
two months or next quarter? 
A.K. Das: 
That is, of course, one of the objectives. SEBI might have given us a temporary 
dispensation. But ultimately, for the sake of good governance, I think below 
75% and strengthening the board level governance, it is always ideal to have 
it, at least to begin with, below 75%. That is one of the reasons. But major 
reason, as I told in the beginning, is we improve our credit appetite and reach 
out to more number of segments. 
Sushil Choksey: 
There is any kind of mechanism, bank is monitoring on the lost accounts over 
a period of last four, five years, specifically in your RAM segment or small 
manufacturing concerns or traders which were big for Bank of India in the prior 
two decades and we are trying to garner that back? 
M. Karthikeyan: 
In terms of deposit, I can tell you that there is a complete list of clients who 
have lost from us, and we have now asked the branches as well as the zonal 
offices and from head office also to coordinate with those segment of people 
who have went out of us and probably a lot of good digitization and things 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
happening, we are bringing them into our fold. In credit also,  there is a set of 
accounts, which we know that takeover has happened. Again by way of digital 
means, we're engaging with them to see that they are coming back into our 
fold. 
A.K. Das: 
I'll add to what Mr. Karthikeyan has told, Sushil ji. We are pretty much 
conscious and that way we have shared the strategies with our field 
functionaries. We have started this Each One Reach One, Each One Bring One. 
That means a list of customers who have left us and we see good results at the 
beginning, like me or our EDs, they go to field. A lot of outreach programs 
happen. I actually -- I've known so many customers who left us, they're coming 
back to our fold. So that way, we are trying to bring back those customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from Morgan Stanley. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Congrats on very good set of numbers. 
A.K. Das: 
Thank you. 
Bhavik Shah: 
First, sir, as in, I was looking at your provision schedule. So standard assets 
provisioning has been around Rs. 806 crores this quarter. And I understand this 
includes the divergence provision of Rs. 976 crores. So what would be the 
difference between the Rs. 170 crores? Have we seen some write-backs? 
A.K. Das: 
No, this is net position. As you know, below the line, these provisions, 
whatever we do, they get netted out. So otherwise, the divergence itself was 
about Rs. 940 crores. So the overall standard assets provisioning cannot be Rs. 
800 crores. There have been write-backs in varied accounts. That is why the 
net figure is Rs. 800 crores-odd, what is given there. Right, Shankar? 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
Yes, this write-back was because there was one previously restructured 
account that now restructured account has come back. So that provision has 
also come back because it was a standard provision, it has also been deducted 
in the standard provision category. That's how this write-back has happened. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Understood, sir. That was very clear. And sir, I see your other operating 
expenses have gone up quite sharply, it was around Rs. 1,200 crores last quarter 
and now it is higher. As in, is it to do with the IT spends or is there anything 
else which is moving this number? 
A.K. Das: 
Only revenue part of IT expenses will be featuring in the other operating 
expenses, whereas other components are of establishment and other rent, taxes 
and other thing. So there is some increase there. But again, we are trying to -- 
we have set a target of 10% decrease by March in controllable expenses, 
basically with rent, taxes, lighting, postage, telegraph and other stuff. So yes, 
there is slight increase there. But again, we have expanded branches also. We 

 
Bank of India 
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
have also added lot of things to our IT. So that is why the revenue component 
also is featuring there. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Sir, going forward, as an annual run rate, would it be around Rs. 5,500 
crores or less? 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
Other operating expenses, this time, almost 10% hike is there. So going 
forward on the same line, it will continue, because expenses, definitely we need 
to control.  But like staff cost, like establishment, fixed costs, that will continue. 
So 10% hike is relatively okay. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Understood, Sir. One last question, sir. Sir, what would be our liquidity 
coverage ratio this quarter? 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
164%. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Sir, broadly its stable quarter-on-quarter? So quarter-on-quarter, is it 
stable or... 
Sankar Sen, C.F.O: 
Yes, stable. Last quarter, slightly it was higher side. Now it is almost in a stable 
level. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Shri A.K. Das for closing comments. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
A.K. Das: 
Yes, I thank on behalf of Bank of India, and all my colleagues, indeed, who all 
are present here, Sincere thanks to the analyst fraternity for their guidance, for 
their queries, a lot of good suggestions, incisive analysis. And I hope all your 
questions have been answered. In case any one of you feel that still some 
questions need to be answered, kindly get in touch with the Finance 
Department. We'll be glad to respond to your queries. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Bank of India, I 
announce that this conference has now concluded.  
