Quick Heal Technologies Ltd. 
  
 
 
 
Ref. No.: QHTL/Sec/SE/2022-23/62 
 
              
    
 February 02, 2023 
 
 
The Manager,  
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate Services, 
 
 
 
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Ref: Security ID: QUICKHEAL 
 
 
Symbol: QUICKHEAL 
Security Code: 539678   
 
 
Series   : EQ 
 
 
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of investor/analyst call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 26, 2023 call recording of investor call for Q3FY23 results, 
please find attached the transcript of investor/analyst call held on Wednesday, January 25, 2023, at 
04:00 PM IST. The same is also available on Company’s website.  
 
The link to access the same is as follows:  
https://www.quickheal.co.in/documents/investors/conference-call-transcript-q3fy23.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Quick Heal Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
A. Srinivasa Rao 
Company Secretary 
M.No.: F9901 
Regd. Office: Marvel Edge, Office No. 7010 C & D, 7th Floor, 
Opposite Neco Garden Society, Viman Nagar, Pune 411014. 
Tel: +91 20 66813232 | Email: cs@quickheal.co.in 
CIN - L72200MH1995PLC091408 
www.quickheal.co.in 
SRINIVASA RAO 
ANASINGARAJ
U
Digitally signed by 
SRINIVASA RAO 
ANASINGARAJU 
Date: 2023.02.02 
16:51:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 7 
Quick Heal Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
January 25, 2023 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Quick Heal Technologies Limited Q3 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you Michelle. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name 
is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investors relations of Quick Heal 
Technologies Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating 
in the company’s earnings call for the third quarter and 9 months ended of financial year 2023. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today’s earnings call maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions made 
by an information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Let me now introduce 
you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call and hand it over to them 
for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Kailash Katkar – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Sanjay Katkar – Joint Managing Director and CTO, Mr. Navin Sharma – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without much delay, I request Mr. Kailash Katkar to start with his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Kailash Katkar: 
Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon and warm welcome to you all to our quarterly earning 
conference call to discuss the result and business updates for the third quarter of financial year 
2023. More than 25 years of our efforts we have successfully being able to build trust by 
educating and empowering customers to protect themselves through of our offering of Quick 
Heal and Seqrite. We are the pioneer of Indian cyber security industry while maintaining the 
market leadership position in the consumer segment for over the decade.  

 
Page 2 of 7 
 
In Q3-FY23 our enterprise business continued to grow sustainably with Q3 marking 10th 
straight quarter delivering YoY growth for the segment.. We believe to command dominant 
market leadership in the sub 500 end point market by now. We have on boarded Mr. 
Venkateswaran as a Senior Vice President to lead the enterprise sales team towards the new 
leg of growth journey. The consumer business saw a decline in revenue but are more short 
term in nature. Our key focus during this period is to maintain the market share that we 
command while developing future levers of growth.  
 
As I have also mentioned in earlier calls, we are increasing our digital effort to cater to the 
respective customer segments while some of the initiatives we have taken have shown positive 
early signs we will continue to govern it closely. We are in right industry where the world is in 
the cusp of massive digital evolution. While some parts of the business might be under stressed 
in the short term we will continue to invest in R&D and sales and marketing for our long-term 
success. Through these efforts we have evolved ourselves from the consumer antivirus player 
to the holistic cyber security player with new age product under umbrella. Now, I request 
Sanjay to take you all through the business segment and our strategic direction. Over to you, 
Sanjay.  
Sanjay Katkar: 
Thank you Kailash and good afternoon everyone. Let me give you some more insights into both 
the segments of our business. FY23 has been a year of attaining product market fit for our new 
lines of products. Our product lines have broadly bucketed into three categories namely, 
endpoint, zero trust and data privacy. The financial numbers which we are delivering is 
primarily driven from the EPS product in India. So, we strengthen our core offering by 
complementing it with EDR and XDR which as detection and response layer to the protection 
for enhanced security. In this quarter, we also on boarded five customers for our newly 
developed EDR/XDR product, which makes us believe that it is now market fit and ready.  
 
We are in the process of attaining a similar product market fit for our zero trust and data privacy 
products. We are establishing the same for all these products and are expecting revenues to 
flow in from Q2 of the coming year. And as Kailash mentioned earlier we believe to command 
a dominant market leadership in the SMB segment. We are consistently delivering over 100 
crore revenue on a TTM basis in this segment. The accelerating growth in the enterprise 
segment is making our convictions even stronger. While we keep investing in new lines of 
products in the enterprise segment we remain committed to protect our customers in the 
consumer segment in areas of privacy, protection and performance.  
 
The consumer business which started 25 years ago has been the cash cow segment for us. We 
are witnessing a downside in the business as evident from our financial performance. While it 
is too early to make a judgment we are experiencing downside in the market for the short term. 
We are forseeing this trend to continue for the next couple of quarters and one of the key 
priority area for us in the next few quarters would be to drive consumer awareness in the 

 
Page 3 of 7 
geography to drive consumption in the cyber security domain. I would now request Navin to 
take you through the financials of the quarter. Over to you, Navin.  
Navin Sharma: 
Thank you Sanjay and good afternoon everyone. Let me take you through the financial 
highlights for third quarter of FY23.  
 
The consolidated revenues for the quarter stood around Rs. 67 crores which degrew by 16% 
on a YoY basis for 9 months the consolidated revenues stood around Rs. 229 crores which 
represents a degrowth of 4% on a YoY basis.  Approximately 68% of our revenue for the quarter 
came from consumer segment whereas 32% from enterprise and government. The result might 
not be encouraging, but we are excited.  If we look closely, the enterprise business continue to 
grow sustainably even at the times when the software industry seems to struggle. Revenue for 
the segment in 9 months FY23 stood at Rs. 76 crores as compared to 59 crore in the same 
period of the corresponding year up 27% YoY.  
 
As I have mentioned in previous calls, the stagnancy in the market coupled with low demand 
pull from the consumer with the liquidity crunch is creating a period of stress in the distribution 
channel. We have taken a balanced approach of billing versus collection in our consumer 
business to keep our receivables in check. EBITDA for the quarter stands negative owing largely 
due to the top line degrowth in the consumer business.  We will continue to invest for our long-
term win as our balance sheet is strong and we are a zero debt company. It is important to note 
that our gross margins for the quarter and 9 months continue to remain strong and constant 
versus the previous year at over 95% level.  
 
While the impact of industry headwinds are short term in nature, we are taking corrective 
actions against our expenses. Our key focus in the next couple of quarters is to revive 
profitability by trimming down our cost before we start seeing the uptake in the revenues. As 
we foresee we do expect the next two quarters to be challenging both in terms of revenues as 
well as bottom line. The Hon`ble Supreme court, vide its judgment dated August 05, 22 has 
passed order in old service tax matter in companies favor.  All the related pending service tax 
matters in different tribunal amounting to Rs. 161 crores has also been disposed off in this 
quarter and decided in companies favor. During the quarter we also completed the buyback 
worth Rs. 185 crores inclusive of taxes.  
 
With this, I would like to open the call for question-and-answer session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Samvit Vardhman. Please go ahead. 
Samvit Vardhman: 
I have four questions Quick Heal Technology have a great business model and a good brand 
name, we are able to maintain 35% to 40% EBITDA margin in our business, majority of our 
expenses are of fixed expenses like employees cost, R&D and a product development, but on 

 
Page 4 of 7 
FY2016 to FY2022 we are not able to grow ourselves what is the reason behind that and what 
is our future outlook over the period of next 5 to 10 year we are able to deliver 1,000 crores of 
sales we can easily earn 400 to 300 crore of EBITDA and my second question is what is your 
trade receivable increasing, is there any particular reason for that? 
Kailash Katkar: 
So when we talk about revenue growth part of it we are already working on lot of new product 
development which is based on next generation cyber security product that is a zero trust part 
of it and most of these products are going to get release in this year starting from this quarter 
itself. So, after getting this product release into the market and getting the product stability at 
a customer level the revenue will start coming to this across this new products 
Navin Sharma:  
To the second question with respect to receivable largely the COVID has impacted the 
receivables because during this period the liquidity so there was this issues with respect to 
liquidity etcetera, in last couple of quarters we already have started taking right steps and if 
you have gone through my commentary I have categorically mentioned that we are taking a 
balance approach between receivables and sales. In current quarter that is Quarter 3 FY23 we 
have reduced our receivables by 16 days and currently it is at 133 days. In next two to three 
quarters we would like to bring it below 100 days and in next quarter probably this should be 
below 120 days hope I could able to address your second part, second part of the question.  
Samvit Vardhman: 
What is your future outlook over the period of next 5 to 10 years? 
Navin Sharma: 
You yourself said that we are planning to move the revenue from 300 crores, 350 crores to 
1,000 crores in next three years. This is what we are aspiring for aspire big.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Karan Bhanushali an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhanushali: 
So, what is the reason for decline in EBITDA can you please shed some light? 
Navin Sharma: 
On a short term, software industry is witnessing sluggish growth due to the contraction in IT 
spent across the globe. Even though our enterprise business continues to outperform, the 
consumer business is experiencing degrowth. More so the degrowth in EBITDA in the current 
quarter is mostly on account of degrowth in revenues which was quite sudden against increase 
R&D and sales and marketing efforts where were planned and committed already. As I have 
mentioned in my earlier part of commentary while the impact of industry headwinds are short 
term in nature we are taking corrective actions against our expenses, our key focus in the next 
couple of quarter is to revive profitability by trimming down our cost through various aspects 
before we start seeing the uptake in the revenues. It is important to note that even in spite of 
all these things we are maintaining a gross margin of 95% which clearly suggest that all that 
any incremental revenues will directly flow into bottom line.  

 
Page 5 of 7 
Karan Bhanushali: 
Are we looking at day off like other IT companies are doing? 
Navin Sharma: 
See for cost reduction exercise we are evaluating all cost items under various buckets be it zero 
base costing, productivity mapping etc., and we already have started taking right actions 
against that. With respect to layoff, employees are the core of the organization and helped us 
reach where we are. We do not want to let the short term situations of the market affect the 
core asset of the company.  Putting it simply, we are not contemplating layoff in the 
organization.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jatinder Agarwal an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So I just want to understand in terms of now that the product is ready and we have seen some 
initial gains individually for each of the product which is against your HawkkHunt, 
HawkkProtect and HawkkScan, could you give some idea as to what type of market size is 
currently that we are looking to capture maybe you could give that thought process over a 
three or five year timeframe that should be good? 
Sanjay Katkar: 
So, the market potential for the new products is quite good I mean to say there is a gradual 
transition that is happening in the market as we know that people are moving who are serious 
into cyber security investment are moving from traditional security to zero trust and platform, 
but this transition is happening gradually and so if you see HawkkHunt which is our EDR product 
is already we launched almost two quarters back and it has in this quarter it has achieved 
market fit by onboarding five new customers. So, this is a quite encouraging for us and we do 
see that this is the first product of out of our new release products that is going to start pushing 
revenue into our revenue stream and then the products which you say it further the 
HawkkProtect and HawkkScan. These are pretty much new and their targeting areas which are 
yet to start see the demand I mean for example the HawkkScan is all about data privacy and 
data protection wherein every organization in India and even in government department it has 
been discussed, it has been talked about, but the regulations are not yet placed and the bill is 
yet to happen and the investment are yet to start flowing. So, we do see there is a huge 
potential, but I am not able to put it in figures here because we are seeing quite a good interest 
from our existing customers as well whereas we are developing this product on our end that is 
why we are seeing good enough candidate for our beta test for these products and that is 
where we are hopeful for these products to perform well as and when the demand starts.  
Jatinder Agarwal: 
But sir as an outsider so when I look at those presentations that you sent where you mentioned 
that the global security market is like 233 billion and out of that something close into India 
which itself is somewhere about $2 billion to $3 billion, how do we make a sense out of those 
numbers, we are running a annual run rate maybe about 100 odd crores even if I exclude retail 
segment, so as an outsider how do I look at those numbers? 

 
Page 6 of 7 
Sanjay Katkar: 
I will give you some clear idea about one is we are targeting a segment of market which is 
midsized, we had been targeting SMB wherein we are quite comfortably having certain market 
share and then with these new releases we are targeting midsized organizations. Now the size 
of the midsized market is further below than what is the overall global market and more 
investment is done by very large enterprises and for us the right transition is to move towards 
mid which is we are in that transition and we are very hopeful that we will be successfully doing 
that and from mid-to-large is our next step wherein our smaller investment and we have 
already started scaling up products to further large enterprises as well as we are talking to 
MSSP and getting ready our platform so that these large enterprises will be integrating our 
products into their platform and pushing it to the larger enterprises so that is the transition 
that we are into. At the same time we are releasing these products to the mid sized 
organizations wherein we are trying to capture the feedback as well as strengthen our products 
with these releases and also start revenue streams for these products. So, we do see that we 
will be able to capture at least 7% to 10% of the market share at least in next financial year as 
the product starts capturing at least for HawkkHunt and for HawkkProtect and HawkkScan it 
should be in the H2 the revenue should start flowing from the H2 of FY24. 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So exactly my question when you are saying that we should get about 7% to 10% market share 
how big is this market in absolute amount if you could give that answer? 
Sanjay Katkar: 
If you see when I am saying 7% to 10% it should be around 40 crores to 50 crores when I am 
talking about India market where we are having our presence. Revenues from these products 
should at least be 40 to 50 crores of the market from these products actually. 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So this is over and above the 100 crore run rate that we currently have? 
Sanjay Katkar: 
That is right. 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So you mean to say that the market for the new products the total market not just Quick Heal 
when that is anywhere between 400 to 500 crores, is that correct? 
Sanjay Katkar: 
Yeah means of course potential is quite high, but looking at the current range where it is we 
are just hopeful that it should be at least reached that way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next follow up question that is from the line of Samvit Vardhman. 
Please go ahead. 
Samvit Vardhman: 
Sir as an investor can you please guide us what kind of products we are launching in FY24? 
Sanjay Katkar: 
See our focus for new products has been in the enterprise segment for last at least four, five 
quarters and we have invested heavily into the Hawkk platform of our products. So, the 
products that we plan to launch in this coming two quarters is one is HawkkScan which is about 

 
Page 7 of 7 
data protection production which is about making organizations ready for data protection bill 
actually which is about to come in parliament. So, that will help the organizations to follow the 
regulations, comply to the rules that are going to come. So, this product is all about data, we 
have facilitate those things through that HawkkScan and HawkkProtect. So, this was all about 
HawkkScan and then HawkkProtect is about zero trust user access and zero trust network 
access which makes people or employees from the organizations to connect to the internet 
and organization platforms through regulated I can say compliances which can be applied and 
distributed to the devices which can work from anywhere I mean to say it is going to be a 
replacement of VPN in a much advanced fashion which will be tackling all the current needs of 
employee working from anywhere and connecting to any device through any network and still 
having the security compliances followed remotely I mean to say. So, these two products are 
going to make the organization cyber security poster much easy to maintain and it makes the 
job much easier after that. So, it is all with size and large enterprises the products are all 
about….. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference over t 
the management from Quick Heal Technologies Limited for closing comments.  
Navin Sharma: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope you have been able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, please reach out to our investor relations manager at Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you. Stay safe and healthy. Happy Republic Day to each of you in advance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
