Akzo Nobel India Limited 
15 February 2023 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500710 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Investor Call Transcript 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: AKZOINDIA
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the investor call 
conducted by the company on 10 February 2023 regarding the standalone and consolidated financial 
results of the Company for the quarter ended 31 December, 2022. 
This has been uploaded on the Company website also and can be accessed from following link: 
https://akzonobel.co.in/invcstors.php#im 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Akzo Nobel India Limited 
\ Harshi Rastogi 
Company Secretary 
/ Membership#A 13642 
Encl: as above. 
Magnum Towers, 9th Floor 
T +91 124 485 2400 
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector-58 
www.akzonobel.co.in 
Gurugram • 122 011 
Haryana, India 
Rog111arttd Ofl'.c. GoolanJalt Apanmenl. 1at Floor. 8-8, M,ddlaton SOaet. Kol< atn • 700 071 Cltl L24292WB1954PLC021516 
HARSHI 
RASTOGI
Digitally signed by 
HARSHI RASTOGI 
Date: 2023.02.15 
16:09:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV RAJGOPAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
AKZONOBEL LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA R – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AKZONOBEL LIMITED 
MRS. HARSHI RASTOGI – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – AKZONOBEL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES. 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
AkzoNobel Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good morning, good afternoon, good evening depending on the 
part of the world you are joining this conference call from. Representing ICICI it is absolute, 
pleasure to invite you to this call once again the 3Q FY '23 result Conference Call. The company 
is represented today by Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Managing Director: Mr. Krishna R, Chief Financial 
Officer and Whole-Time Director: and Mrs Harshi Rastogi, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer.  
Before I hand over the mic to Rajiv, I just want to reiterate our positive stand at ICICI, the 
research view on AkzoNobel for the last few years, where we have had a constructive stance 
essentially assuming that Akzo's investments and the execution improvement should result in 
market share gains and which is what something we are observing for the past 3 quarters. And 
it's the only stock in the paints coverage where we actually have a constructive view at this point 
in time. Rajiv, over to you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Good afternoon to everyone. I hope you all can hear me loud and clear. Thank you, Manoj, for 
your words of encouragement. Before I start the call, I just want to thank all of you who've taken 
time out, the entire investor community. It's easy for me to make this presentation. I just want to 
sort of flash back into 2020 and the year was a COVID year and a quarter with a COVID, and I 
must thank each one of you for the incredible words of encouragement and support. 
And really for me, this presentation is really dedicated to my entire sales team and all the people 
in the factories who make the paint. So the guys who make the paint and sell the paint, yes. I, on 
behalf of and Krishna and Harshi and on behalf AkzoNobel, are delighted to be here today to 
take you through the results of the quarter. So we'll start with the investor call. 
You can see a new advertising, which is going to start very shortly. We've got Ishaan Khattar 
and Ashutosh Rana, who are going to represent the brand on Dulux Weathershield PowerFlexx 
with Triple Defence Technology, something that will protect homes from extreme weather, 
something that our technology team, our R&D team have really been working hard, and it's 
something that we've developed in India and is going to go around the world. 
So with this, let me start the presentation. Quickly, just to take you, I think most of you -- this is 
just for those of you who've joined the call for the first time and who just would like a quick 
understanding of the company. We are a company which is called AkzoNobel, headquartered 
now in Delhi. We've got regional offices in Mumbai, Calcutta, Chennai and Bangalore. We've 
also got factories now, 5 factories, operating in Mohali, Gwalior, Hyderabad, Thane and 
Bangalore, where we make now paints and coatings, uniformly in all 5 factories. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We've got about 1,500 employees. And we are really focusing on augmenting our manufacturing 
sites and also enhancing capacity, and we've got some expansion plans, which we'll walk you 
through. Our focus has been really on scaling distribution, both off-line, which is through the 
traditional channel, and online.  
What we are really pleased is the fact that we are increasing our reach. We today are over 5,000 
towns, more than 5,500 towns. We cover over 20,000 paint retailers, 4,000 B2B customers. 
We've got a world-class ASC center. So the McClaren Mercedes car, which is used in Formula 
1, some of the colours that are sort of selected for some of the brands in the world are generated 
from our colour center in Bangalore.  
We've got also what we started last year called the low-cost innovation center to drive 
differentiated products in Thane, which is going to look at India and countries like China, Latin 
America over a period of time and really first developed for India and then sort of, if it does 
well, progress it to the world. 
Next slide. Before I get on to the results, I think, finally, I always believe that happy people 
make great organization. And what I'm truly delighted is that we featured in the India's best 
places in manufacturing. So the paint sector is classified under manufacturing, and this result 
came to us in early January from the great Place to Work. And really, for me, while we all speak, 
this is also a testimony of how the team and the employees are working with each other and 
binding this organization to take it to the next level. 
Quickly on the business environment, nothing that I put on this slide is going to be new. Many 
of you know it. For us, look, the fact is India is not decoupled from the global headwinds that 
the world faces, right? India is a part of the global economy. While the growth momentum 
continues, we do believe that we have to keep in mind that there is a global slowdown. I think 
for India, the favourables -- the interest rates have started getting benign under 6%, 5.4% to 
5.7%. 
The crude has come down. But as I sort of said this morning to call with the television channels, 
this is something that we've got to realize that we are not a master of. It's not in our control, too. 
There are a lot of external circumstances which are causing short-term dents in the price of crude. 
We see it coming down to INR 80, thinking that the future is bright, only next morning to realize 
that the China economy is fully open. And with consumption, the crude prices are slowly going 
back up. Very sadly what's happened here more recently in Turkey and Syria, where we pray for 
the lives of all the people, but those short-term impacts are sort of taking some of the largest 
variables of pricing a little beyond our control. 
So crude and currency volatility continues with rupee at 82 -- dollar. That's -- these are the 2 
things that we need to watch out for as we sort of go. So you can imagine, actually, rowing in a 
stream, it's a lot of fun for those of you row, I enjoy it, right? But you've also got to be careful 
that you're not having too much of headwinds because it only takes a second for you to lose the 
balance, right? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
So I would say that, look, we are still sort of living in a world where I can't say that we are 
completely out and the future is fully bright. I think we've got to navigate the turbulence and 
make sure that we continue like we've done in the last few quarters, sort of do the right actions 
from a company point of view, yes, to make sure that we are accretive in terms of growth.  
India stands out. I don't need to talk to this group on that. I think most of the CEOs and all the 
results that have declared, I've already mentioned it. From an AkzoNobel point of view, I think 
India has really got noticed. I think what I'm truly delighted is that we've also got now a new 
CEO, Greg Poux-Guillaume getting on the board.  
Clearly, if you see the analyst call that he had yesterday, very clearly, on the outlook for '23, he 
mentions 2 countries and India is one of the 2 countries in Southeast -- South Asia, Vietnam 
being the other as countries where you would expect strong growth. 
So I think that's a positive, yes. Quickly on the key strategic drivers, again, these are things that 
I've been presenting. So I want to be consistent and perhaps the presentation is a little boringly 
consistent. But really to say what pleases me is that these seem to be now delivering market 
share gains. So our focus has been really on the customer. How can we enhance our customer 
experience? 
We are developing a customer metric, scorecard metric, where we are looking at ourselves 
internally. And suffice to say that we've got areas to work still on. But if you look at brand 
building, we are working on differentiation, customer-focused solutions, winning in adjacencies, 
waterproof wood care and expanding offerings as we move forward. Distribution, I talked about 
Distribution 2.0 many times, but suffice to say, how can you now move from 5,500 to 8,000 
towns and how can you make brand blocks, really reach much wider than where we are today. 
While doing all this, I think what's changed in the world, thanks to what we went through during 
COVID is the entire digital world. And really, our approach has been to really look at how can 
we touch our consumers, our painters contractors. We've deployed global CRM tools now. All 
the businesses are completely using them, how can we use IoT. 
So if you come to a manufacturing site, you will see, we are using very advanced IoT techniques 
to try and make sure that we get not just predictor, but also cost savings. Value creation, we are 
driving a lot of initiatives to improve and sustain our profitability. As I always said, people are 
critical in paints and coatings business and really how can we be more diverse, inclusive and 
empowering and make sure that the actions are closer taken to the market. Obviously, making 
sure that these actions are sustainable and not something only for the short term, yes.  
Most importantly, I think what we really have spent time, and I walked through is really working 
with the ecosystem, which has got people smarter, brighter than us, start-ups and how do we 
really convert the power science into the magic of paints and coatings. 
So really, that's what we've sort of articulated, yes? Move to the next slide. I'll quickly 
 now 
cover the Decorative Paints and Performance Coatings before I hand it over to Krishna to run 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
you through the financials, we want to leave the maximum for the Q&A. So paints, as I said, 
muted growth – October was a very difficult month because of the monsoons.  
I think everybody has covered it, so both premium interior, exterior, and in smaller towns, we've 
seen a bit of a challenge. But November, December, we managed to recover and really grow 
sharply, which resulted in this growth, yes? Our projects business continues to do very well on 
the backdrop of a very conducive real estate sector. And this is something, which if you also 
watch the real estate sector listed entities talk. You are seeing the body language, you're seeing 
it. We are seeing it ourselves. 
You're seeing also prices firm up of property in all the towns, right? So we are seeing that this 
is something that could pay as a sectorial team for the next couple of years. For us, the urban 
markets grew faster than rural. Rural grew but more led by distribution gains. So if you really 
look at it, it was urban that grew. And this is also mirrored in most FMCG commentary about 
the inflation impacting the rural sort of economy, yes. Our product mix is in line with the 
previous quarter. 
We have not taken any price increases in paints and our focus has really been to leverage 
technology. I move quickly to the coatings. Coatings, we had a fantastic performance. And I'll 
quickly walk through the business. Automotive and Specialty Coatings, premium segment has 
done very well which is a brand Sikkens, where we play, we've had very, very strong growth in 
this business. Wanda, which is into the middle segment, mass market, did well, but also we 
picked up growth after a long time in the OEM segment. 
Our Industrial Coatings infrastructure and steel sort of are giving us a bit of a headwind in our 
coil business. And really, as all of you know that we won the Best Supplier Tata Steel Award 
globally for our coil coating and that relationship we are now going to sort of leverage for the 
India business as we move forward, right? Because we globally work with Corus Tata Steel, and 
we are a preferred supplier. 
Our Packaging segment is driven by the B&B, Beer & Beverages segment. If you look at Marine 
& Protective, we've had one of the strongest quarters after many, many, many years. We had 
robust growth across our Marine & Protective segment, and infrastructure, oil and gas, all 
contributed to the growth. Our Powder segment continues to grow double digit  
And Architectural, Automotive and General Trade segments continue to support, and our order 
book in all these businesses seem to be fairly robust, yes. So that's in short and substance on 
paints and coatings. I will now hand it over to Krishna to walk you through the financials. 
Krishna? 
Krishna R.: 
A stellar performance this quarter, exceeding our previous records and achieving the highest 
level of absolute metrices – revenue, contribution margin, EBIT and PAT. This is, of course, a 
function of a lot of initiatives, which has gone right, which is customer centric offerings, 
calibrated pricing actions and the proven cost management, of course. For the quarter, we have 
achieved INR 986.8 crores with a year-on-year growth of 8%, a commendable number given its 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
strong base. Growth was across both Paints and Coatings, and we continue to make strides in 
gaining market position.  
The past few months, we have seen raw material costs are abating and we are also seeing the 
impact in the margins. Currently, we are running at around 39% gross margin and we have seen 
a sequential improvement of around 60 basis points compared to the last quarter. Given the early 
festive season, we -- and our cost prudent actions has translated into a growth of 12% compared 
to the previous year. Profit after tax was at INR 97.4 crores, which is up around 16% on a Y-o-
Y basis. 
Moving to the next slide. I'm especially proud of the fact that we continue to drive our business 
growth with ESG integrated across the value chain. Some of the initiatives include the building 
a more sustainable supply chain, adoption of evolving environmental regulations, making 
difference in lives and livelihoods of people in aspirational districts. All this while maintaining 
the highest standards of the corporate governance. 
So we move to the next slide. So it's very gratifying when an appreciation comes in our way, 
acknowledgments and our contributions to the society. Recently AkzoNobel India Limited 
received 2 awards for its CSR initiatives from ICSI and FICCI, the 2 very reputed institutions 
of India. Thank you, and we look forward to your continued support and the interest. Over to 
you, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. Great work done by the team on CSR and thank you, Harshi for leading it. To me, I think 
it's a satisfying quarter. Well, personally, not fully satisfied. I think there were some internal 
benchmarks that I wanted to exceed where the dream of crossing INR 1,000 crores in a quarter 
still remains. But I think that's what keeps perhaps the energy and fuel burning for the next 
quarter, right?  
Not to say that the target, but that's something that we do. And we do realize it may take a quarter 
or 2 for us to reach there, but we are steadfast really wanting to start, making sure that the market 
share gains that we've sort of got now, business by business, territory by territory, we have a 
plan to try and increase it, knowing fully well that this sector is going to get really heated as we 
move forward. So that's what I have to say. Let me hand it over back to Manoj and to the team 
to take you through the next few. We are happy to take any questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
So I thought I'll just ask a few clarifications as the Q&A gets warmed up. Team actually -- when 
I looked at the retail trends in general, there is a commentary or a narrative that there is a cyclical 
deceleration on the discretionary consumption. Question number one is, do you agree/disagree? 
And if you sort of agree, would it be fair to say that given that you are a premium player, urban 
indexed, higher than, let's say, industry, et cetera. Actually, the share gains can accelerate and 
you can be outperformer in business. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So Manoj, thank you for the question. Quite a loaded question, I must say. So let me break it 
into 2 parts. Do we see a deceleration in the economy and consumption? It depends on what the 
starting point is. See the challenge for this industry is that we've been seeing very, very heady 
growth, as you know, right? Now when you talk about 20%, 30% growth that we saw in the 
past, yes, it seems it's deceleration. But I do believe still that the double-digit growth is possible. 
There may be various reasons why it may take a bit of time. But fundamentally, if you would 
ask me, I would think that with now the pricing having settled down  
I do see that the growth will start coming back. And when I say growth, I'm talking about volume 
growth, too, right. So I do see that, right? The second, in terms of urban and composition and 
look, it is a fact that premium consumers are less worried in terms of -- from a disposable income 
perspective, right, in terms of spend and hence, there's a tendency for us to sort of gain.  
Yes, we've got a higher share in premium, and that may make you feel insulated, but let me tell 
you from our past experience that many, many years ago, where even in premium, we had lost 
a couple of points of market share. It's taken quite our effort back to start pulling it back with a 
lot of work happening on our brands, reenergizing, making sure that we have the relevant brands 
in India, which consumers are familiar with and enhancing the propositions, to start getting them 
back and making them get the believability and then running a program like Dulux Assurance, 
where we actually run almost a money back guarantee if you have any problem on your stated 
coverage, etcetera.  
So to me, you cannot take anything for granted. This is a very competitive industry with all 
respect to all the competitors. Everybody is fighting for their share and to grow the business. So 
from our perspective, being agile, being nimble footed, making sure that we have the relevant 
value propositions for our customers and making sure we are able to get -- I was told when I 
joined this company that there was a lot of glory of ICI and AkzoNobel, Dulux brand, etcetera.  
And now I've completed 10 years in a few days' time, right? I think for me, it will be magical 
and to be part of this great team and this great organization where we've got some great talent 
even globally to start helping India to get back to that level. 
Manoj Menon: 
Rajiv, please allow me couple of follow-ups on the revenue line, and then we go to the other 
lines actually. If you could qualitatively and possibly some quantitative also thrown in, comment 
about, let's say, the performance of some of your new launches over the last 12, 24 months. And 
how do we think about the medium term as well just from a qualitative point of view. First, 
actually, what were your experiences of your new launches? What are the big services and what 
are the ones where you had still, let's say, hope, too and also how does the NPD pipeline looks 
into the 12, 24 months from here? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, I'll start and Krishna please add if I've missed out anything. Look, let me break it into 
segments. I think premium, I think, it's doing well. We launched Weathershield Max last year 
with PU Technology. We've now put a Weathershield Powerflexx, Velvet Touch. We brought 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
in new communication last year, and that's done very well. So we will sort of continue to 
enhance.  
Our pipeline on innovations is pretty good. India leads in the South Asia business in terms of 
contribution of NPDs to the growth and to the revenues. We -- I believe our pipeline -- we've 
got what's called the innovation funnel, which is like 8 quarter, 12 quarters. So I don't have a 
pipeline only for this year, but also for the next 3 years.  
And that's been the way we work over the last many years to be fair, yes. So this pipeline is 
strong, and I believe that we've got in both -- in all our categories, actually, our premium, our 
adjacencies and in our core segments on mass, et cetera, propositions that are going to be quite 
attractive. So I won't be able to disclose more than that, but suffice to say that I think the calendar 
in '23 and even moving forward in '24 will be pretty exciting. 
Manoj Menon: 
Is there an internal number you work with to say that X percent of revenue should come from 
new products, et cetera? Or is it just an outcome? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, we do work with the number. I mean, I'm very vary of throwing these numbers. These are 
internal targets. We don't work with a number. I mean, look, let me just give you a parallel. I 
think many companies look between 5% to 10% of revenue coming from innovations, right? So 
you can say that perhaps we are in that zone.  
I won't be able to give you a number, that's what we are striving for. And the challenge for us 
being a challenger brand is how do you also make sure this doesn't add to the complexity because 
I think what we've got is that -- so we've got a stage gate process, and we've got through -- we 
follow what is called the integrated business planning process where we've got a product 
marketing review.  
We've got a demand review, a supplier review, a financial review and management business 
review. So it was through the entire rigor with various stakeholders within the country and even 
sometimes globally, originally, regionally definitely, yes. When we try and sort of look at each, 
we've got action standards and we look at financials.  
We look at P&L of what this is going to deliver and we have different gates, gate 1 to gate 5, 
where after launch, also after 6 months or 1 year, we evaluate how the product is doing. So that's 
-- it's a pretty robust process. And maybe separately, we can sort of talk about it. But suffice to 
say, it's a very robust process and we are pretty happy with the way our innovation pipeline is 
looking, not just on our paint side of the business but also on our coating side of the business, 
where innovations are very far few, but really things on anti-fouling, things on fire retardant, 
etcetera, how can we also leverage some of these technologies to try and get a better customer 
experience. So these are some of the things that we are working on. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just quickly a couple of ones, and I'll come back in the queue. The current brand spends, the 
ATL spends, how do you rate it at? Do you think it is right -- I mean appropriate currently or 
you need to kind of fine tune it further going into next year? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So Manoj, look, our intent has always been closer to be -- ultimately, your share of -- voice to 
share of market should be one, right? Our endeavour has been that, look, it depends on now how 
you look at share of market. If you look at our premium market share is, obviously, very high, 
double digits. And that sort of rubs on onto the rest of the categories.  
Our endeavours to be closer to 5% to start with it. And within that -- see it's also important to 
have the right connect, than to increase it. What we've also seen is that digital is a huge medium, 
which is not captured by all of you separately, right? So digital, we are spending on a lot of 
innovation trying to tap digitally. And that's something that is not visible. And that's something 
where we are working as a team to enhance spends because I do believe that's the channel of the 
future. The challenge in that channel is, the measurements and metrics are very difficult to get. 
Having said that, I think that's the channel that we are also investing. So around 5% is what I 
would say to start with. And then depending on how the market behaves, etcetera. If we need to 
operate, we will sort of do it, yes, over a period of time. 
Manoj Menon: 
And then one last thing from my side at this point. If I interpreted your opening remarks 
appropriately, one of the key things given the input index situation at this point, price cuts, 
etcetera, are some levels? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. I mean, I would definitely think so. I mean I would think that, look, you've just seen the 
results. It's not -- and you've got to look at results from, I would say, 9 months, 12 months, 
sometimes quarterly results. If you look at the last quarter, the question was why you seem to 
have suddenly spend more on A&P because we were clear -- we were -- IPL was there. And post 
that, we also had the T20. We wanted to be a part of that all that, right? Similarly, I really think 
that we should just sort of look at it a little longer time frame and then sort of come back. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a question from Mr. Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
This is my first time on the call. First of all, Hats off, excellent corporate governance exhibited 
over the years. You guys have kind of set the benchmark. I have three questions. So first, I want 
to understand your distribution strategy. When I spoke to JSW Paints, they said AkzoNobel's 
retailers are the easiest to convert to JSW Paints has moved from a hub-and-spoke model to hub 
only model. They have, in fact, even scaled up to 75 depots, which is higher than our 30, 
completely in the opposite direction.  
So we have reduced our depot footprint from, say, 100-odd to 30. Please share the rationale for 
moving to a 2-tier distribution. Our freight costs have come down, but does it impact the P&L 
elsewhere? This is my first question. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So Sanjay, thanks for the question. Look, I will not speak about any competitor because 
people -- you know the people in the industry and let's assume that everybody is as bright and 
as intelligent as you and making the same effort, right? So fullest respect for the company. On 
specifics, yes, look, what is the challenge for us.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Our challenge has been that when I joined this company in 2013, we were available in 1,500 
towns. We started a distributor journey, if you remember, Sanjay. And there were a lot of 
questions on, is it the right model?  
And today 10 years after that, it is working. 70% of our business comes through our distributors, 
and these are families, which have now got vetted to us, literally to the organization, right? And 
we follow a pristine process.  
Our focus is on sell-out, so really not too much stress for them, right? So that's one. Now once 
you reach that and you start getting to 3,000, 4,000 towns, then you would say that, look, now 
what next? And you know the market leader is available close to the universe . I mean, universe 
is 11,700 towns, market leader would be easily in close to about 9,000 to 10,000. So how do you 
really start getting there? 
Because your biggest strength is your product quality, right? You ask any consumer who has 
used Dulux. Chances are that -- and if I call a person who uses only Dulux, then chances are that 
people who have used Dulux, don't use any other brand after that.  
Or even if they try, they normally get back very fast. So given that and given the fact that this is 
a 3-year sort of a period for interior and maybe sometimes 3 to 5 years for exterior, we said, 
look, let's move to the next level. And that's how the strategy started. So when you look at 30 
depot towns, these are places where we stock other than our factories.  
And you got to remember, we've got 170 stock points through distributors, right, today, yes? So 
what you forget is our distributors are our stock points too, right? They only carry 20 days of, 
21 days of stock, but they're our stock points, too, right? And hence, the focus was then to how 
do you move to the next level. And then so we identified geographies using some metrics saying 
that, look, which are the geographies where we should sort of start moving, and that's what we've 
done. 
Sanjay. So yes, look, look, when you're a challenger brand, obviously, everybody thinks you can 
come in. I think -- we've had -- it's not the first time that this brand has got challenged by new 
players coming in. But what I've seen when I worked, the market is over the last 4 months is 
outlets which lapsed from us, particularly during COVID or even 2021, our retention is almost 
now close to 90% to 95%. 
And secondly, people who have lapsed two out of -- 50% of the dealers came back in 6 months. 
And I would say about 70% of the dealers have come back -- 75% of the dealers have come back 
in a year. That's the strength of the brand, to be fair. This is the strategy that we unfolded. We 
believe it's the right thing. We are continuing on it with breakneck speed and good luck to -- 
obviously, people will try different things. That's how we will -- any industry will work. So this 
is what we are doing, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Second, on -- I mean, in the past, you've spoken about how you've tackled competition from Idea 
when you were at Airtel. So with all due respect to all the parties involved, Airtel was and is a 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
leader, Idea was the challenger. And currently, Akzo is the challenger. And we are seeing a 
bigger challenger coming up, say, in terms of capacity, Grasim is adding four Akzo Nobels. Not 
just them, even the leader Asian Paints has said that it will expand from 17 lakhs KLP to 26 lakh 
KLP. That's three Akzo Nobels. So any comments on your strategy in terms of product 
innovation. It looks like Grasim also will come out with Any Colour, One Price. Will our ad 
spends go back to, say, 5% from the current 2%. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So Sanjay, I don't know where you're based. Are you based in Chennai? 
Sanjay Kumar: 
 
Yes, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay. So then it's easier for me to answer the question. I was the CEO of Tamil Nadu Airtel and 
I took over the job in 2006. By the time I left in 2010, we became a market leader, but we were 
not a market leader when I took the job. We were the number three player. Aircel was the market 
leader. Idea -- Vodafone, that time number two, and Airtel was number three. And that's what 
got me the job it offers. So let's just wind back, just want to be factual here. Look, Again, in any 
business, brand distribution drives market share and doing the right thing, in telecom pricing and 
a lot of other variables. 
Here, too, I think it's doing the right thing that will sort of do it. It is a formidable competitor. 
And we are sort of putting our thoughts in terms of how to handle a formidable competitor. We 
believe that we've got a very strong brand. It's a legacy brand. People who've used it are pretty 
passionate about the fact that they use Dulux at home. We although have a very high presence 
in premium in paints since your questions are all limited to paints. So we believe that, look -- 
and we are going to come with propositions during the course of between now and next year, 
which will further enhance it. So we believe we've got a -- we've got a couple of strategies up 
our sleeves, all of which I cannot reveal today, right, which should give us a bit of a tailwind. 
But yes, I think secondly, as far as manufacturing is concerned, look, I think this business is 
slightly different. This business is not about building capacities because I can also announce a 
lot of capacity. But what do you do with the capacity if your consumers are not readily available 
to convert. Those consumers don't happen. In telecom, you spend INR 50 lakh on a site. And 
once you put a site, you starting getting users across the site by dropping tariff or whatever to 
try and do it. Will the sector get disrupted with this for a point in time next year when the launch 
happens? Surely, it will, yes. 
But what I'm looking forward to is to see whether fight is going to be a price or it's going to be 
a brand war. If it's a brand war, that's what I think will be more interesting. If it's a price war, I 
think you've seen it in most industries, everyone will up the ante. You talked of One Colour, 
One Price, I don't know, Sanjay, if you've travelled into the markets. Can you give me your 
assessment of what the One Colour, One Price is doing? My assessment is slightly different from 
where you stand today. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
So we'll wait for the strategy that you'll put out. Final question on... 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I won't be putting out a strategy because to be honest, and I just want to say it for the benefit for 
further questions. One of the things I won't put out is a strategy because the strategy is being 
controlled by a very close group and because otherwise, it's easy to do it. Our strategy is about 
alternative choices. 
So those are something which are very close to us. But yes, suffice to say that we are putting 
those choices because we do expect at some point of time some turbulence. And the question 
then is if you're a good pilot, how do you withstand the turbulence. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Finally, on employee cost. So there's this clear 3 percentage point difference between the peers 
and us. So we are at 8%, peers are at 5%, 6%. But our median remuneration at 8 lakh is still 
below the leader, who's at 10.lakhs. So any thoughts on this, given that we need all the margin 
drivers possible when the turbulence hits? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So Sanjay, if you look at it, you answered the question yourself. I think it's basically a top line 
game isn't it? I mean let's be honest, after Akzo Nobel acquired ICI, there's no acquisition we've 
done. Our endeavour has been to really get this business back to where it belongs. It's taken a 
long while, maybe three sets of leaders to do it. But what we are finally highlighted, I think 
collectively, over the last 10- and let me give credit, over the last 13 years, right, I think the 
organization has been fixing all the nuts and bolts to make sure we really bounce back. 
And I think we've started seeing that direction. At least there's light at the end of the tunnel. We 
need to continue, sustain doing it and increasing turnover would be the way. We are not adding 
heavily going forward on our employee except in certain areas of growth. And the large part of 
it is going to come through internal promotions, which will further reinforce the message on cost 
and make sure that while we get good talent and balance it, we actually are also keeping an eye 
on it. And we are driving productivity very seriously. Krishna, you want to add something? 
Krishna R.: 
 
Yes, I think the focus is on improving productivity. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
 
Yes, absolutely. 
Krishna R.: 
We close watch in terms of how do we improve our metrics. If you see on the slide where we 
put the total cost [inaudible 0:37:10], that's what is declining on a year-on-year basis. So we 
continue to do that. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay, until the next raise hand up comes actually. Okay. So I just want to read out a couple of 
questions that are actually in that text window, one from Ajay Sharma, Maybank, Singapore. So 
I'm just -- reading out. How do you see the entry of Grasim impacting your decorative paints 
and coating business? I understand that you answered it a bit, but still, what is the gross margin 
and EBITDA margin and revenue breakup of deco and coatings? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So on the last part, I think I've said it always, our contribution rates between 63% to 65% in an 
odd quarter, it could even be 60%-40%. So that's the broad sort of, doesn't change much, right? 
Decorative being the larger one. The second is, Grasim, I think I've answered. Look, it is a 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
formidable player. We are mindful of it. We are mindful, but we are very clear. We are here to 
make sure that we navigate the course and come out as a stronger player. So that's what we are 
currently focused on as a team. 
Yes. We're going to work on different facets, Manoj. It will be very difficult for me to really 
articulate. I think, through what I've said and the slide I've shown, I've given you what the areas 
of work we are doing. Specifically to Grasim, it's a pretty -- as I said, it's a pretty closed door 
sort of actions. We are putting some actions. And once we are successful, I think then only I 
should talk about it because otherwise, it's counting our chickens before they're hatched. 
Manoj Menon: 
The next one is from Mr. Atman Shah. He's asking what is the total Paints and Coatings capacity? 
And what is the current capacity utilization? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So, good evening Mr. Shah. I think this is your favourite question that also sometimes comes to 
us in the AGM. Lovely to hear from you. Hope you're doing well. So look, if you look at our 
capacities really for the Paints and Coatings range between 200 million to 250 million. See we 
are -- and that's -- if you look at a three shift basis, our capacity would be anywhere between 
sound 60%, 65%, but we currently operate on two shifts. We have used a lot of technology, et 
cetera, to become far more efficient. In terms of the capacity enhancement, it's not an issue for 
us. 
Our existing plants have enough ability to be able to pull out the incremental. And as we are 
growing, that's one of the reasons we are sort of doing it. The only thing that we put in public 
domain is the fact that we've enhanced our powder capacity and some augmentation of paints is 
happening as we sort of move forward, yes? Hopefully, that answers your question. Thank you 
for the question. 
Manoj Menon: 
 
Can we get back to the voice question queue, please? 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, you did allude to a coming disruption in the market, and you did -- your response was pretty 
clear about if it being a brand war, it will be interesting. And if it is a price war, everyone would 
match. We are -- to be frank with you, you are a participant in the market. You obviously have 
a much better understanding of the industry. So would love to hear your thoughts on, do you see 
the profitability metrics kind of deteriorating even if it is not a press war given the need for 
brand? 
Any sense if you could give on how you see from the industry -- I can -- I hear your strategy, 
but would love to hear your thoughts from an industry structure. Do you see an impact kind of 
panning out, which helps us parse it better understand what we could kind of play out? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I get the question. Yes. I mean -- you want to say something, Krishna? Okay. Let me take that. 
So just a quick one. Look, chances are that it will be a disruptive initially. There will be a pricing 
in my assessment, it's pretty high. There could be a couple of 2, 3 quarters of turbulence. But I 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
said, will it be a brand war, will it be a price war? History has shown that players in any industry, 
which comes and only attacks on price unless you build a niche around price is not able to 
succeed. So there are industries where price has played, but look at it. 
Let's look at now the industry. The industry market leader has a 55% market share, has an EBIT 
margin -- used to have an EBIT margin of 20%, 21%, has already done a very smart move of 
keeping it closer to 15%, 16%. So the other players really find it tough to go. They are existing 
players. Now hypothetically. Assume that the new player comes in with 10%, 15%, that's 
normally the price but in most industries where people sort of come in at lower prices. The 
market leader will have a threshold of market share to lose. And similarly, the 1, 2, 3, 4 players. 
After a point in time, it's existential because there's a cost of making the paint and there's a profit 
per litre of paint you make. 
So we'll have to do the math. Once you do it, it's natural that if you take, for example, and again 
because somebody mentioned about telecom, you launched a per second sort of a tariff for 2 
years, the organization did well. And the moment the lead players did it, that band disappeared. 
So to my mind, is pricing alone going to be the driver? My years of experience says that, look, 
it's going to be very tough. I've been in those battles myself. And hence, to have a thought 
leadership and thinking and something which is a little more strategically disruptive will take 
time but will be the real acid test. 
And that's where all the players will be also focusing. All the good players will be focusing and 
trying to sort of do it. You will see -- I'm certain in the time to come in this industry since you 
asked the industry question, I genuinely think that, look, this will not just be driven by capacity. 
It will be in a branded business where consumers have already made a choice of which brand to 
use, 50%, 60%, and then you got the influencer. And different players have got different 
relationships with influencers. So it's going to be quite a lot across different chains. 
Having said that, let's understand. We are talking about a competitor, which is very, what I call, 
one of the giants in the industry across different sectors, yes. So we'll have to wait and watch. I 
have to give -- with all humility, I have to wait and watch. Having seen the organization in a 
very different sector that I worked in. Let's -- I can only say I'm going to keep my fingers crossed. 
And I'm ready for the battle here. I mean, at the end of the day, we are warriors in our 
organization. And you can read be assured that we've got a very clear mandate globally, that 
we've got to grow profitably, and that's what we are working on. 
Avi Mehta: 
And if I may ask, in your opinion, a normalization, I understand there will be disruptions. Would 
you say a couple of quarters? Would you say 1 year, 2 years? How would you see it? I mean it's 
just that your guess is better than ours so... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I'm sure you guys are brighter and you guys do all these modelling. We don't have so 
much time because we have to run the business and meet our customers and make sure they are 
happy because that's what gives us our bread and butter. But that said, look, it's a function of the 
size of the pocket. It's also a function of what you want to do. You take telecom, you've got one 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
of the players -- lead players, which is a combination of an international brand with an Indian 
brand, now having a huge challenge where the government has had to bail out. 
Now I really don't know the semantics that will happen. It's a function of how deep the pocket 
is and how deep you want to run it. So it's there. It is also a question of the strength of the other 
players. How much they will sustain? Yes. So those are variables which are all there, yes. It is 
going to be -- at a point in time, it could get a tough battle. But yes -- I mean -- as I said, tough 
times don't last but tough people do. So let's see. That's all I can say and also your good wishes. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, the second bit was more specific to us. I mean we have seen this quarter and congratulations 
on the performance. Even margins have bounced back quite sharply. Would love to understand 
from you more a trajectory sort. So we have more or less achieved the aim that we had sought 
of trying to reach a particular margin profile. I mean, we are on that, but I'm not saying we have 
reached that, but you're probably there on an ROS basis? 
But yes, as you rightly said, there is a need to be nimble. So how -- would love to know how do 
you kind of balance these conflicting requirements, if I may put it. And is it that we have a chest 
that we would love to kind of build in and then kind of use them when the time comes in? I 
mean, whatever is the thought good enough to kind of know how you see this? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I was looking, when you said chest, at Krishna. I quickly said, you take it on. So -- the chest and 
all money, I don't even know what's inside. But yes, look, I think any good company would do 
all this, I mean, let's be honest, this is like -- I was just thinking when you said this is like asking 
a pilot, if -- when you travel between Delhi and Mumbai that how is the weather going to be? I 
mean the pilot can't tell you whether you're going to have bumps on the road, turbulence on the 
way. It's difficult for them to predict some stormy weather, but very difficult because all of us 
go through it. So it's like that. 
Yes. So for me to be able to give you clear revenue projection on a quarterly basis, sometimes 
also, let's be honest. When I see the results and start seeing some of the favourable comments 
that all of you -- many of the investors have sort of texted. Thank you to everyone. I get a little 
worried because your success then becomes your biggest challenge moving forward. So I just 
want with all humility say that, look, we are focused on what we are doing. There's a journey. A 
quarter result is like a railway station on that journey. And to me, sometimes the railway station 
may be large, it may be fantastic, maybe air conditioned. 
And the next railway station may not be the representative of the same. So because the train is 
going from home to fantastic holiday destination or whatever. So to me, you will have different 
moments. I think it's about navigating those movements and making sure that our -- the path is 
focused, you're clear on your objectives.  
Our objective is very clear. Our objective, obviously, is to become a meaningful player in this 
industry. I keep getting asked, why don't you give a number? Because there are a lot of variables 
before I throw a number. I'm focused on basically four things right now and really coming out 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
of our global CEOs, ask from all of us. First is, what's called disciplined execution led by margin 
management. 
So retain as much of prices. Secondly is cost control. We are still living in a tight world. Yes, 
India is doing well. We guys -- you have our back. We want to invest more in you. But guys, 
remember that India is also part of the globe. One small whiff because we don't know what those 
balloons could have done in the United States or something can start all over again. You don't 
want to be at a point in time stuck where you are then having to take some of the actions that 
you're seeing many companies do. For me, my people are like my family. So one of the things -
- it's easier rather than to go and recruit 2,000 more people to manage with what you have and 
make sure that, that's being driven very effectively and efficiently. 
The third is, look, you're living in a volatile world. Paints industry operates with typically 2 to 3 
months of stock between various points, between raw material to it's consumed, yes. Now what's 
happening is we were going through an upsurge, we all predicted that suddenly by this month 
everything will come down. Slight improvements have happened, granted, but it's very volatile 
outside. Every morning, I look at what is accrued, what is the dollar? And I say, God forbid, 1 
variable by April or May or June goes, but all the financial modelling and all the stuff that we 
do because we do scenario planning, like any good company. We will all go into a different 
model. So the idea is how do you manage that? 
And most importantly, look, we are in this business because there are customers. I think our 
challenge has been: reach, supply, availability. And that's where the market leader, et cetera, the 
success story of the market leader, which has played on many channels, etcetera, has been. So 
how do you really focus and drive that? These are the 4 articulations that the global CEO has 
given as a challenge to each of us, and that's what we are really assiduously working on. And I 
will keep you updated on the progress as we move forward. 
Manoj Menon: 
So let's take another question from the text tab. So Mr. Ramakrishna Neti of Zen Wealth ask. 
Can you please share some more clarity on what do you mean by product differentiation apart 
from brand strength, quality and product extension launches. Most of the incumbents have been 
working on huge capacity additions as well. And can you please update on Akzo's capacity 
addition plans. I think it's one aspect on the product differentiation and brand strength and quality 
aspects and secondly… 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So look, I'll talk first about the capacity addition. Look, I think in Gwalior. You know, the 
Gwalior factory was commissioned for 100 million litres. We had commissioned 50 million with 
improvement in technology, the way we work, etcetera. It's already -- we can do 70 million litres 
in that factory. So 100 million can -- and even sort of go much more. And we are now doing 
powder, we're going to augment paint. All our factories, as I said, we are now only running two 
shifts, three shifts is not a problem. So for us, at least, even if we were to grow strong double 
digits. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
I don't see any major need for us to - we can still be a little conservative in terms of the way we 
sort of manage it because I, as an individual, focus on a metric called return on assets. It's not 
my metric that I'm sort of valuated either globally or locally, but I love to watch on return on 
capital employed because I strongly believe, I like to operate -- I look at this business as my 
personal business. So just for those of you on the call, and I look at saying that you put INR 1 
and what is coming out of it. That's unfortunately the training I've had over years. So for me, the 
return on capital employed is important. And hence, blindly putting capacity additions without 
clear understanding of what is going to entail in there. Manoj, could you just repeat the first part? 
You said that... 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. So first question is, can you please share some clarity on what do you I mean by... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So look, differentiated products is the ability to be able to offer propositions where you can 
charge premium, very simple in my language, or be able to offer it at a cost advantage so that 
you are able to gain market share, simple. So either you have product differentiation where 
you're giving a value prop tested with consumers, whether consumer is willing to give you a 
premium or you're driving something, which is cost benefit where you take out some costs, 
etcetera, but it's going to be a volume driver. 
Example, so if you look at, when I talked of Promise SmartChoice, yes, we are -- obviously a 
huge part of our growth that we launched post-COVID in 2021 has come through Promise 
SmartChoice because we never had a play in the economy segment, and we are doing it very 
profitably now. So that's the second part. On the first part, if you look at some of our work that 
we've done on our exterior brands using some of the PU and also technologies that we use in 
coatings that we are going to bring in to paints, you will see that these are going to be a little 
forward looking. I can't share more. But as and when we launch the products between now and 
Diwali this year, you will get to see it. And obviously, at some point of time in the quarterly call, 
we will keep you abreast of it. 
Manoj Menon: 
Can we take -- find Sanjay again back in the queue. Can we take that question, please? 
Moderator: 
 
We have a question from Mr. Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sir, just two more questions. So our gross margins have been pretty stable in the last few 
quarters. So can you talk us through about our raw material situation. Do we import all of the 
VAE, VAM from the parent. I think we import our titanium dioxide. So what is the scenario 
given the supplier base is fairly consolidated amongst three, four players in VAM? is capacity 
being added? The perspective I'm asking from is, can any surprise, negative surprise specifically 
come from raw material side? Because even the leader is backward integrating or do we have 
any such plans? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So Sanjay, let me come to the core of what you asked, which is the last part, which is, are 
you going to do -- look at backward integration? Look, globally, we've done something on resins, 
but not more than that. We are a very large player. And here, we will leverage our global scale. 
We are pretty big. We are a INR 10 billion sort of a company, INR 9.5 billion, 45% is paid, so 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
you can calculate. We don't see too much of supply issues. We believe that given our scale, given 
what India has to offer and the fact that many of these players who've been customers for a long 
time, we don't see any issue there, Sanjay, to really be very focused on what you asked. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
So no capital allocation towards raw material side going forward? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So capital allocation for backward integration? No. There are some smart things we will do. But 
again, as I said, that's -- I don't think I'm ready to share that. We are trying to do work, things 
smartly at a global level -- we've got a bunch of very, very bright people at a global scale. That's 
why the -- so obviously, we work very closely with them. And obviously, that's something that 
we will do. But we are not looking at backward integration. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Final question from my side. So will you be reactive or proactive to the turbulence that's 
expected? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
 
Sorry, will you be reactive or proactive, to... 
Sanjay Kumar: 
 
The turbulence that's expected. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
See, look, again, let me answer it in the way I did earlier. If it's going to be brand led, we will be 
proactive. If it's going to be price led, I would rather wait and watch. History has taught me that 
without using your intelligence -- some intelligence, yes, just sort of getting into a price war has 
not helped anyone. So whatever you do, you have to think through what you want to do? We are 
creating scenarios. But I'm not a sort of guy who's trigger happy, if you understood what I'm 
trying to say. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr. Ajay Sharma from Maybank. 
Ajay Sharma: 
So my question was on the earlier question I asked actually in terms of coating and decorative 
paints split. So I was wondering in terms of the gross margin and also in terms of the bottom 
line, basically, is the mix similar? Or is the deco more profitable basically? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, the coatings business has a wide range of margin. On an absolute the deco obviously is 
more profitable, but coatings have started getting profitable over the last year or 2 years. Some 
of our coating businesses are extremely profitable, yes. But right now on an aggregate, it is paints 
which is more profitable than coatings. 
Ajay Sharma: 
And then for the raw material side, do you see -- how is the raw material basket trending 
basically? Do you see more benefit coming from that going forward or it's kind of already 
reflected in the last quarter -- this quarter numbers? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Sanjay, look, obviously, the benefit is yet to come. I mean, look, we still were carrying a lot of 
inventory of the previous months. And as you know, as you've seen in the industry, the industry 
has not reported great growth, right, on the paint side of the business. So as a result, my belief 
is, look, it will take a little longer time to get depleted. It will take a quarter or 2 to sort of get 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
completely depleted. That said, the challenge I face is it's very difficult to predict because I 
started the prediction in a week, right, at the beginning of this week. 
By next week, the variables are completely changed, which are outside my control. And hence, 
for me, I think -- what we are doing is we are working with ranges rather than any absolute 
numbers, etcetera, percentage numbers to just broadly say, if you -- for example, if you -- crude 
goes ballistic suddenly, whatever set of reasons, touches 100, what is the planning there because 
you've got to have a plan B. So that's the way we work, Ajay. Otherwise, to be honest, very 
difficult to answer that question. 
Ajay Sharma: 
And for the coating side, do you have to pass on the benefit or can you retain that benefit of the 
lower raw material price, basically? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, we have continued to take price increases in our coatings business in the last quarter. On 
the paints side we did. Coatings, we took -- because coatings, you remember, the price increase 
takes a lot of time. There's a lot of discussion with customers. There's a lag in the price increase 
that comes in coatings. Yes. So our endeavour will be to retain as much as possible because we 
don't know times ahead. And we -- rather than having to drop or correct and then again take it 
up, I think sense remains until it reaches a steady state, you should hold. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Just the last question. So is it fair to say that for Grasim, they will be attacking mostly the 
decorative side and not so much for you on the coating side? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I have no idea, to be honest. We'll have to be ready on any front. I was going to ask you, Ajay, 
what your thoughts are? But since you asked me, I will spare you of that. Maybe Manoj or 
someone will have better insights, right? We want to be... 
Ajay Sharma: 
Entry barrier for the coating business because it's kind of more B2B kind of thing. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Not all, right? Not all coating business. I mean, one of our largest customer ended becoming a 
competitor, right, in the coil coating business. So look, it's -- these are very difficult to sort of 
speculate and look at. I think, yes, we just have to prepare and play. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand over the call to the management for closing remarks. Over 
to you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. So once again, thank you all for the trust and the appreciations and supporting us all 
this while. As I mentioned, we still, in my view, still on things -- we do hope to see light at the 
end of the tunnel. We are seeing some signs of it. But you never know whether next day morning 
is going to be vary. So I think for me, the key thing that I've learned over the years is the ability 
to be a little ambidextrous, to also have that ability to put alternates in place so that we can 
continue the performance the way we've done. Thank you, once again. Thank you for taking 
time out and joining the call. I wish all of you a great day. Bye-bye. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
