 
 
  
 
 
Ref: BEL/NSE/BSE/15022023            
    
                              15th February, 2023 
 
 
Listing Department                                                Department of Corporate Services – Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited             BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza,                                                      P. J. Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                            Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East),                                                        Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051                                                    
 
Re.: Scrip Symbol: BRIGADE/Scrip Code: 532929 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call on the Company’s Financial & Operational Performance 
for Q3 FY 23 held on 10th February, 2023:                                                              
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call on the financial and operational 
performance of the Company for Q3 FY 23 held on Friday, 10th February, 2023.  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Brigade Enterprises Limited 
 
 
P. Om Prakash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
OM PRAKASH 
PALANIMUTHU
Digitally signed by OM 
PRAKASH 
PALANIMUTHU 
Date: 2023.02.15 
16:41:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Brigade Enterprises Limited 
. Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M.R. JAISHANKAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MS. PAVITRA SHANKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED. 
MS. NIRUPA SHANKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
- BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED. 
MR. ROSHIN MATHEW – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED. 
MR. AMAR MYSORE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED. 
MR. ATUL GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
MR. VINEET VERMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
HOSPITALITY – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. OM PRAKASH – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. PRADYUMNA KRISHNAKUMAR – CHIEF BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT OFFICER – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAVI AHUJA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
OFFICE AND LOGISTICS – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES 
LIMITED 
MR. CHIDAMBAR – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER – BRIGADE ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
 
 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Brigade Enterprises Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M.R. Jaishankar, Executive Chairman, Brigade 
Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
Good afternoon. Welcome you all to the Brigade Enterprises Q3 financial year '23 Earnings Call. 
I'm joined by our Managing Director, Ms. Pavitra Shankar; and Joint Managing Director,             
Ms. Nirupa Shankar; our Executive Directors, Mr. Roshin Mathew; and Mr. Amar Mysore; and 
our Senior Management Team, Mr. Atul Goyal, CFO; Mr. Vineet Verma, CEO Hospitality;             
Mr. Om Prakash, Company Secretary; Mr. Pradyumna Krishnakumar, Chief Business 
Development Officer; Mr. Ravi Ahuja, COO, Office and Logistics; and Mr. Chidambar, CHRO 
of the Group. 
Despite the market volatility and softness in the global economy, I'm happy to report that Brigade 
has shown good operational results last quarter with all our business verticals contributing 
towards our growth. We expect to sustain and grow the momentum in the coming quarters with 
a good pipeline of new residential projects, leasing business and continued growth in the 
hospitality business to finish the year strong. 
Coming to the residential SBU, Q3 has been the best quarter for the financial year with net new 
bookings of 1.455 million square feet with a value of INR 939 crores. The collection trend is 
also increasing with collections of INR 884 crores in Q3 FY23. Over the first 3 quarters, we 
have clocked a net sale of 3.74 million square feet and sale value of INR 2,444 crores. Our year-
to-date collections have also moved up to INR 2,737 crores, which is 32% higher than the same 
period last year. In Q3, we had launched and sold out the first phase of Brigade Oasis, our first 
exclusive plotted development. We launched 2.5 million square feet in the first 9 months of the 
financial year and are working to launch another 2.5 million square feet in Q4 in Bangalore. 
Customer demand on ground seems strong despite the increase in mortgage rates across the 
portfolio of ready to move in, under construction as well as new launch inventory. Construction 
activity continues to be consistent and collections are also on track. Coming to the office SBU, 
the leasing touched 1 million square feet for first 9 months of financial year '23. There were 
425,000 square feet of fresh leases done for this quarter. Net leasing was 330,000 square feet in 
Q3 FY '23. Collections remained stable at 99%, conversion on two major hard options at Brigade 
Tech Gardens Bangalore and World Trade Center Kochi, depict confidence in implementation 
of our clients' planned growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
94% of the leasing tenants are from automobile and technology sector, to be precise, 52% from 
automobile and 42% from technology. Flexible co-working business, our BuzzWorks, has 99% 
occupancy in its 6 operational centers and foresees a 75% addition over its current capacity in 
the coming 6 months in Bangalore. In quarter 4 financial year '23, we aim to focus on leasing 
major vacant spaces in Brigade Tech Gardens and WTC Chennai. We'll be looking to close out 
our stock in BIFC, Brigade International Financial Center in GIFT City and Brigade Opus, 
Bangalore. 
As regards retail SBU, during Q3 FY '23, there was a 27% growth on like-to-like sales 
consumption over pre-COVID Q3 FY '20 across our malls. With the addition of Orion, Uptown 
Mall, there has been an overall 40% growth in retail consumption for Q3 FY '23 over Q3 FY 
'20, which is pre-COVID. Retail categories like fashion and food and beverages have grown 
18% and 13% over previous quarter of FY '23. 
Other retail categories that had more than 30% growth are electronics, watches, eyewear, spa 
and salon, the leasing of malls had a good traction in terms of vanilla stores, wherein there has 
been an expansion in retail growth plans for categories like fashion and footwear. We have 
leased approximately 131,000 square feet in the past 9 months. Almost 1.07 lakhs square feet 
are under fit out across 3 malls. We are looking forward to seeing them operate by early quarter 
1 FY '24. 
Coming to hospitality. Our hospitality business has continued its growth story in quarter 3 as 
well. There has been an all-round improvement in our numbers with both our top line and bottom 
line, registering higher than pre-COVID quarter 3 levels. Our occupancies reached 105% of the 
pre-COVID performance. 
Our revenues touched 118% and our AGOP reached 138% of the pre-COVID levels for the same 
period, even ARR average room rates have shown an upward growth of 6% over pre-COVID 
levels. There was an encouraging growth in our primary demand segments like the F&B 
revenues, banquet events and MICE activity picking up pace. Our focus now has been to improve 
our average room rate across all hotels. In addition, with a view to maintaining the healthy 
bottom line, we have continued to maintain a strict control on expenses, including leaner staff-
to-room ratios. 
That brings me to the end of our business highlights. Thank you all for listening. I now request 
our CFO, Mr. Atul Goyal, to take you through the financial highlights. Take care and stay safe. 
Thank you. 
Atul Goyal: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon all. On behalf of the Company, we welcome you to the earnings 
call for Q3 FY 2023. At the outset, we are glad to inform you that our rating outlook has been 
upgraded to A+ positive from A+ stable by both ICRA and CRISIL. To start with consolidated 
financial performance for Q3 FY '23. The consolidated revenue for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 859 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
crores versus INR 933 crores for the same quarter last financial year. The consolidated EBITDA 
for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 246 crores versus INR 269 crores in Q3 FY '22. EBITDA margin 
has been maintained in Q3 at around 29%.  
Consolidated PAT stood at INR 43 crores compared to INR 46 crores for the same quarter. 
Consolidated PAT after MI, stood at INR 57 crores compared to INR 78 crores in Q3 FY '22. 
The Real Estate segment clocked a turnover of INR 559 crores and EBITDA of 16% in Q3 FY 
'23. Real Estate collections for Q3 was INR 936 crores versus INR 837 crores in the same quarter 
last financial year, an increase of 12%. The leasing segment clocked a turnover of INR 200 
crores in Q3 FY '23 versus INR 167 crores in the same quarter last financial year, and EBITDA 
of 69% in Q3 FY '23. 
The hospitality segment clocked a turnover of INR 101 crores in Q3 FY '23 versus INR 63 crores 
in the same quarter last financial year, and EBITDA of 21% in Q3 FY '23. Overall collections 
for Q3 FY '23 was INR 1,328 crores versus INR 1,095 crores in Q3 FY '22, an increase of 21%.  
Coming to consolidated financial performance for 9 months FY '23. The consolidated revenue 
for 9 months FY '23 stood at INR 2,691 crores versus INR 2,100 crores in the same period last 
financial year, up by 28%. The Real Estate segment clocked a turnover of INR 1,845 crores 
versus INR 1,561 crores during the same period last financial year, an increase of 18% and 
EBITDA of 14% in 9 months FY '23. 
The leasing segment clocked a turnover of INR 564 crores versus for INR 415 crores during the 
same period last financial year, an increase of 36% and EBITDA of 73% in 9 months FY '23. 
The hospitality segment clocked a turnover of INR 282 crores versus INR 124 crores during the 
same period last financial year, an increase of 127% and EBITDA of 28% in 9 months FY '23. 
The consolidated EBITDA for 9 months stood at INR 746 crores versus INR 605 crores during 
the same period last financial year, an increase of 23%. EBITDA margin stood at 28%. 
Consolidated profit before tax for 9 months is INR 213 crores versus a loss of INR 23 crores 
during the same financial year. 
Overall collections for 9 months FY '23 was INR 3,962 crores versus INR 2,749 crores during 
the same period and up by 44%.  
So everywhere in 9 months,our performance has been good and everywhere our numbers have 
gone up as compared to last financial year 9 months.  
Coming to debt position and its breakup, Gross debt of the company stood at INR 3,915 crores, 
there was an overall reduction of INR 101 crores in gross debt and INR 77 crores reduction in 
real state debt, which was driven by higher sales and collection during Q3 FY '23. The cash and 
cash equivalents stood at INR 1,923 crores as on 31st December '22. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Consequently, the company's net debt outstanding as on 31st December ‘22 is INR 1,992 crores, 
out of which BEL share is INR 1,294 crores. I would also like to highlight that 73% of our gross 
debt pertains to commercial portion, which is backed by rental income. The average cost of debt 
stood at 8.46%. That is up by 71 bps as against 250 bps now in the increase in repo rate. And 
net debt to equities reduced to 0.53 as of December'22 from 0.6 as on September '22. Thanks all, 
Moderator, for Q&A. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
So my first question is on your residential portfolio. So given your current track in terms of the 
pre-sales that you've seen during this quarter, you are on track to achieve sales in excess of 5.4 
million square feet this year. And with a couple of new launches in fourth quarter, do we expect 
to see an upside to this estimate. And with the Brigade moving from 8 million square feet 
launches in this year to possibly 12 million, 13 million square feet next year, would you target 
sales number to be in excess of 7 million square feet or even 8 million square feet for FY '24? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Karan, Pavitra here. I think Q4 is shaping up to be pretty good. We have a bunch of launches 
that have started coming out since January onwards, around 2.5 million square feet of launches 
in Q4. So I think the team is pushing aggressively to beat what we had originally indicated. That 
said, some of the launches we had planned for the next rolling 4 quarters, on Chennai, we may 
see some of it slip into the next financial year. So we're still trying to push and see what can be 
done in terms of beating, first of all, Q4 for FY '23 and then beyond that. 
Karan Khanna: 
And in an interview earlier today, you mentioned that the blended ASPs might go down due to 
plotted developments. So what part of your stabilized launch in sales do you see coming from 
plotted development over the next 1 and 5 years? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So actually, most of the -- actually all the plotted development projects, one of which launched 
last quarter and subsequent phases are launching this quarter plus a new plotted development in 
Mysore also launched this quarter. In total, those plotted development projects are approximately 
1.2 million to 1.3 million square feet. So we will be selling that as quickly as possible. So there 
is some impact on Q3 realization itself. 
There may be some impact on Q4 and Q1 FY '24 based on when the sales happen. Subsequent 
to that, it is -- we are still looking for plotted developments in our land bank. So as and when 
that happens, there may be some impact on realization there as well. But most of it, you will see 
this past quarter, the current quarter Q4 and in the upcoming quarters. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And secondly, on the leasing portfolio, we understand the vacancies currently are in the 
SEZ office spaces, some of the other CRE players have opted to de-notify full buildings from 
SEZ to non-SEZ under the current slogan. So do you face to pursue something similar or you 
would wait for the regulatory changes? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Karan, this is Nirupa here. We're still seeing some good traction even in the SEZ project. It's 
definitely going slower than what we had anticipated. But what we're doing is we're able to 
convince some of the tech occupiers who are not looking for SEZ space and get them into our 
properties by working with tax planners and consultants to help them understand how they can 
work out their taxation-related issue. And we've been able to get quite a number of clients to 
move into our projects regardless. 
We're not looking to change any such strategy like that, but we've been given to understand that 
the DESH Bill has been presented in parliament. And we're yet to know whether it's being passed 
or not. But once it is passed, that will be a huge impetus to the SEZ projects that we have. 
Karan Khanna: 
And lastly, on your hospitality portfolio, from the hotel teams that have reported the numbers so 
far, we are seeing 20%, 30% sequential growth in revenue for them versus 10% in your hotels. 
So if you could elaborate more on the reason for the same? And when do you expect this to pick 
up? And will any material upgrade to this bring in hotel monetization plans by competitors? That 
would be my last question. 
Nirupa Shankar: 
Yes. So if you're comparing from the same quarter last year, there's been a significant increase 
in our performance. But quarter-to-quarter, we have very healthy occupancies. Most of our 
hotels are at 75% to 80% plus occupancy. Maybe the overall portfolio is slightly down because 
1 or 2 projects in GIFT City and Kochi. But otherwise, the hospitality portfolio is doing 
extremely, extremely well. 
There's a good traction in occupancy, but also the ARR and the AGOP. Like I said, it's been a 
good few quarters the hospitality industry and our portfolio has bounced back really well post 
COVID. And we expect this to continue. As I mentioned last time as well, it's a good time to 
sort of look at potential monetization of the portfolio. So we are in open discussions. And at the 
right time, we will share if anything crops up. 
Atul Goyal: 
Karan, I would like to add that you cannot compare because all hospitality has a different 
portfolio in their hotels, in their portfolio. So some have luxury, some have business, we are pure 
business hotel. So there will be some difference between the EBITDA numbers, which we'll 
compare with other hotel group companies in our peers. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. But if I look at the markets in which you are present, is it fair to say that the growth that 
you are seeing is in line with the industry or financial market growth in the spectrum markets. 
Vineet Verma: 
This is Vineet here. In fact, we are ahead of the curve in our respective market, I'm happy to say 
that. And in January, we have crossed the budget. February is looking good because of the Aero 
show and the India Energy Week that went through. We have seen some historical ARR in a 
couple of our hotels. So things are looking well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So my first question is on residential, Pavitra. We have launched 2.5 million square feet and now 
we're planning to launch 2.5 million, in fourth quarter. So out of the total 5 million, how much 
will be the new projects? And how much will be the subsequent phases of existing projects? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Predominantly, all of it has been new projects. There has only been maybe  0.5 million that was 
in the subsequent phases of a project called El Dorado. Apart from that, everything else is a fresh 
project. This quarter, we will have actually a subsequent phase of our plotted development. But 
as part of the overall launch, it is not a huge number. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just on the business development. So what has been the traction during the first 9 months 
in terms of building staffs being added and also in terms of development value? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So in the past quarter, we added one property. It is in Southwest or basically West 
Bangalore will be a commercial property. It's around 3.3 lakh square feet. The GDV would be 
around INR 200 crores. In the previous 2 quarters, we have actually indicated those launches 
before. We added a residential property in East Bangalore. That is around 2 million square feet. 
And in Q1, we had added a 75-acre property that was a land allotment by the KIADB. So this 
are the projects that we added in 9 months FY '23. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So what would be the total development value of the 2 million and the 75 acres KIADB? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
It is still work in progress. The design development is due to happen, and it is a mixed use 
development. So it is premature to say what is the overall potential for revenue because part of 
it should be sale, part of it to be only lease, et cetera. So it may take another quarter or 2 for us 
to go for market. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
On the residential property, that would be around INR 1,500 crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
That 2 million square feet? 
Pavitra Shankar:  
Sorry? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
That 2 million square feet, which you said you have added, 2 million square feet. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. 2 million square feet. These are conservative numbers, of course, we look at how that pans 
out. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just on the pending land payments of about INR 966 crores. So how is the split year-wise? So 
have we made the payment for the Mount Road property? So you can give some sense how the 
capex will be split? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So most of our land bank is with the visibility of developing within the next 3 to 5 years. So 
predominantly,if you look at the numbers, we've already paid around 45% of payments towards 
that. And more or less, since we are talking about the launches also happening within the next, 
say, 4 to 8 quarters, we expect a lot of it will happen in the next 2 financial years as well. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just a last question on not taking this SEZ benefit and revenue that you had creation of the 
deferred tax assets. So what is exactly -- why it has been done? 
Atul Goyal: 
Your voice is not clear, actually. You are talking about the deferred tax? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes, sir, I was talking about the deferred tax creation. Asset creation not availing the SEZ benefit 
in Perungudi SEZ. So just wanted a reason why you take that? 
Atul Goyal: 
Yes, it's a strategic call which we have taken because we have a residential also in non-SEZ and 
a lot of profit are coming there. And we think because of the slow leasing, which had happened 
because of the COVID, though we will be having profit by next 4, 5 years, but we thought where 
actually residential launch will be there, and that will be a good profit. This will help usnot to 
take SEZ benefit. And of course, that's why we have created deferred tax this time on 
depreciation on WTC Chennai assets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First question is on hospitality margins. So this quarter, we had an EBITDA margin of 21%, 
while occupancy remained stable quarter-on-quarter and there was a growth in ARR as well, but 
margins were down by at least 1 percentage last -- I mean, last quarter, it was 31%, right. Now 
it is 21%, so 10% decline in margin. Any reason for that? 
Atul Goyal: 
So there was one onetime expenses, which has come into hospitality. That is the reason that it 
has gone down a bit, but next quarter, we'll see that it will return to 31% to 35% again. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just secondly, on business development and the -- I mean, while we have a good chunk of 
cash with us, what's the sort of pipeline we are looking at in terms of business development, 
which are in advanced stage of discussion right now? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
So we are looking across Bangalore and Chennai predominantly. While we are looking at 
Hyderabad also, a lot of the traction seems to be happening in Bangalore and Chennai. It's a mix 
of outright as well as JD. So total requirements will be adjusted accordingly. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So any guidance or pipeline number you want to provide in terms of what's tailing in terms of 
advanced discussions, which probably can close out in next 6, 12 months? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Pavitra Shankar: 
No actually, I wouldn't like to give guidance on that because it sometimes things can be very 
difficult to predict. But we are in advanced stage in quite a few of these properties, and we're 
hoping to disclose that in the coming quarters. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And lastly, on your logistics business. So what sort of investment quantum we are right now 
planning to invest in next maybe 3 years or 5 years' time period, considering we have already 
acquired one project in that business. So what sort of investments in that land parcel and other 
land parcels which you might be planning to acquire. What's the total investment in that 
business? 
Amar Mysore: 
This is Amar here. So basically, we have invested into the land for a 25-acre development and 
which is about, say, about under INR 100 crores. And we have this new allotment also, which 
is a mixed use with 75 acres out of which largely the majority of it will be industrial and it will 
be a mixed use with residential and office. So based on FSI achievement, we'll come out with 
specific numbers a little later. But the land cost on the 75 acres will be close to around INR 200 
crores. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
That's the only two land parcels that we are looking to develop in near term? Or there is further 
investment also planned in this segment. I'm overall looking at the quantum of investment you 
would have planned or strategized for in this segment for next 3, 5 years? 
Amar Shivaram: 
So honestly, for now, we want to take it step by step and we want to reduce these two land 
parcels, monetize these and then look at opportunities later on. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just lastly, if you can provide the collection breakup between residential leasing, hotel and 
others. 
Atul Goyal: 
 
You want for Q3? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
 
Yes, Q3, only. Yes. 
Atul Goyal: 
So residential is INR 884 crores. Commercial sale is INR 52 crores. Commercial lease is INR 
137 crores. Retail is INR 56 crores. Hospitality, INR 126 crores and PMS, which is a 
maintenance activity due is around INR 74 crores. Total is INR 1,329 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
So with interest rates, mortgage rates are at 9%, have you seen any change in footfall or change 
in conversion time for any part of your portfolio, let's say, the affordable mid-income portfolio. 
So any color on that? And in that context, you've already said fourth quarter looks to be very 
good, but how do you look at FY '24 growth numbers in presales? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Pavitra Shankar: 
This is Pavitra. So yes, interest rates, obviously, that is a big question for everyone, especially 
on the back of yesterday's new increase. But up until yesterday, we had not really seen any major 
impact, definitely not on footfall. I think the percentage of people going for home loan versus 
not doing mortgage is staying fairly consistent. So I think so far, it has not been too much of a 
change in the way people are looking at a real estate investment. In terms of what we are planning 
for the next quarter or so, as I mentioned earlier, we may not be able to give actual guidance. 
But the way the Q4 is panning out with the launches that we have already been doing in January 
and February so far and what is planned for the next 4 months on a rolling 4-quarter basis, I 
think we will have a good showing. We will need to see, of course, with yesterday's repo rate 
increase and then the impending impact on home loan rates in the next, say, 2 to 3 quarters, will 
it actually have an impact. But thus far, reduction in interest rate  had actually brought people to 
actually transact. The increases don't seem to have impacted the demand. 
Atul Goyal: 
I will add to Pavitra, see home loan rates are generally 15, 20 years loan. So the immediate 
impact, maybe they're on the sentiment part, but they also know that there will be a reduction 
cycle, which will follow because RBI has indicated that this is one of the  last increase in interest 
ratewhich will be there. So that doesn't dampen for the people to buy the house. Secondly, I 
would also like to highlight when there is an increase in interest rate, the adjustment is done in 
the duration of the loan, not in the EMI. 
So since EMI doesn't increase, it's good for the buyers, they continue to hold the property. So 
let's see, but yes, definitely increased interest rate as Pavitra said, may have some impact, but 
we have to see that. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
And sir, my second question is looking at your capex projects over a medium term. So right 
now, you have Twin Towers under construction. How do you look at -- in your initial comments, 
you mentioned that retail malls are doing very well. So how are you looking beyond Twin 
Towers? How are you looking at investing in capex projects? And let's say, 5 years out, how do 
you see the current portfolio, both in terms of retail and office? If you could give some color on 
that? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
See, the office business like any other business is also quite cyclical. After Twin Towers, we 
also have another joint development project called Brigade Padmini Tech Valley, which is also 
about 1.25 million square feet. And whenever there is a crisis in the west, invariably the 
outsourcing increases. So that way, whatever slowdown in decision making by the tenant 
happens. 
So to continue from where the line got disconnected. So the decision-making delay currently is 
we anticipated as a temporary phenomenon, maybe a quarter or two it may take for things to be 
restored. Because overall, the sector information technology sector, broadly speaking, with a 
huge amount of the digitization taking place all over the world, the demand for office space, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
demand for talent, demand for work connected with software is only going to go up. And as I 
say many areas, India's share in the global software market is still less than 10%. So that way 
the opportunities for us is huge, and the things should settle down. And whatever we see is the 
blip in the overall leasing scenario. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
So sir, this second project Padmini Tech Valley that you're talking about, is it for lease or for 
sales? And has the construction commenced? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
See, it is about 1.25 million square feet, of which about 0.35 million square feet is nearing the 
completion though we are not talking about it much. The balance work has just started. And it 
is a combination of lease and strata sale. There are three blocks in it. We may sell one or two 
blocks and retain the remaining. Depends on various factors, including cash flow and the leasing 
rates, everything. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
And sir, last one. On the Twin Towers, currently, are we looking at doing 2 million? Or we are 
focusing on currently 1.2 million? What is the status on acquiring the TDR? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
Currently, it is 1.3 million because we have the TDR, it is -- we need to acquire only a little bit 
more. But it is a government policy, which has held up for the past few years on TDR. So it will 
be about 1.3 million square feet now. And as and when the government allows TDR or change 
in rules, their development control rules, we may really look at increasing the overall leasable 
area because the foundations, etcetera, are meant to take higher area and increased number of 
floors, and it has been designed that way. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So my first question is on the cash flow. So residential, you are selling a lot and collections are 
also going up, and that is also very, very good. So Sir, what kind of free cash flow are you seeing 
in residential maybe in FY '23? What kind of free cash flow should we see in residential? 
Atul Goyal: 
See, the maximum of the amount in residential is stuck in RERA. So -- but there is free cash 
flow. We'll have a free cash flow of around INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores, which has come 
now from the residential. Barring that, we may have around INR 700 crores or so balances in 
the RERA accounts. So whatever we can take it out as a 30% as per the RERA requirements, 
we are taking out and keeping as a free cash flow, whatever is required by RERA commitments, 
it's in the RERA account. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And sir, I've asked these questions again, but I'm repeating it. So many competition entering in 
Bangalore, and Bangalore seems to have the capacity to absorb everyone. So are you saying 
because you are deploying this rich cash flows, you're looking for business in predominantly in 
Bangalore. Do you see any change in expectation from the landowner or it is business as usually, 
what you are seeing or seeing in the last 2, 3 years, it is the same now. All the expectation has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
gone up or quality deals and the velocity has gone down. Are you seeing any change in terms of 
business development? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
See  the competition can always be expected in any growing metropolitan city. It is something 
which nobody can stop. And Bangalore is growing at a pace, wherein the market is big enough 
for many players. In fact, in the recent post-COVID, the number of active and reliable players 
have come down drastically from the existing people. So that way, there is a scope for new 
entrants also. And as regards to the landowner expectation, it is a perennial problem. 
The expectations are always high. It is trying to bridge the gap and meeting their expectation. 
At the same time, you having -- the developer having a decent return for the efforts, it is a 
challenging business. That is a specialty of challenge in real estate. Each business will have its 
own challenges. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And one final question, sir, on the leasing part. If you are -- once you are fully used in Tech 
Gardens, and WTC Chennai, now what kind of exit rental should we see in either within arms? 
Atul Goyal: 
It will be around INR 750 crores to INR 800 crores when the lease rental happens. The upfront 
lease of all the property. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So INR 750 crores to INR 800 crores? 
Atul Goyal: 
 
INR 750 crores to INR 800 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
I have a first question regarding the P&L of leasing business. There's a drop in the EBITDA 
margin in this quarter. Can you please highlight the reason for those? 
M.R. Jaishankar:  
Just if could you just repeat that again. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So if we go to the individual P&L account of the segment, in the leasing business, this quarter, 
the EBITDA margin was very lesser compared to previous quarter. Any reason for that? Leasing 
business, Q3 margin was 69.4% EBITDA margin, whereas earlier quarters are 72%, 73% and 
75% also. 
Atul Goyal: 
So see, if you see there is a rental increase also. So stabilization of rental requires some time. 
That's why it is impacting margin because your expenses get immediately absorbed while you're 
leasing is still going into full swing. So this is a temporary phenomena. It will again come back 
to the original level, maybe the next quarter. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So 74%, 75% will be maintained at a full occupancy? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Atul Goyal: 
See, 73%, 74% is lease rental still being maintained if you see the 9 months numbers in the 
leasing segment. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
And sir, second question from my side. Regarding the launch pipeline, like in the previous con 
call, we had highlighted that we'll be targeting a launch of 10 million and above in the next 1 
year. But if you look at this quarter PPT, that launch pipeline is 9 million. And out of that 1.4 or 
1.5 is a gaining partner share. So effectively, the launch pipeline for the Brigade will be less than 
eight. Just want to understand why there is a delay in the -- why there is a lesser pipeline? As 
the projects got delayed, few projects? 
Pavitra Shankar: 
This is Pavitra. So on the launch side, yes, a couple of the projects in Chennai, we see it maybe 
getting delayed by a quarter or so. We're working to get that as soon as possible in the land bank. 
Also, the area that we said we will be launching is a 100% area. So it includes the landowner 
share, but that's how we all report it as a 100% number. The other change to our launch pipeline, 
we have actually looked at overall and try to actually predict what the launches would be in 
terms of RERA phasing. 
So last year, when we communicated in the past, we've been communicating a 100% full project 
launch. But technically, that's not how some of our projects get launched. We may launch them 
in two or three phases. So we say that this was more appropriate in terms of communicating how 
the launches would actually happen. When they enter the land bank, we would be talking about 
the 100% value. But when it enters the launch pipeline, if there is a RERA phase, then we would 
be only talking about -- we would only be talking about the RERA area that is going to get 
launched on a rolling 4-quarter basis. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So if my understanding is correct, for the next 4 quarters as per RERA, we will be launching 
around 8 million square feet. Is that my understanding correct? My understanding. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
I communicated nine. And yes, subject to approvals and already in that nine, we have launched 
2.5 this quarter. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
You mentioned in your earlier question and answers that we are in  discussion for a land 
acquisition in the Chennai and Bangalore market. Can you just highlight like because we have a 
great amount of cash now. So what is stopping for a land acquisition? Is it because the lands are 
not coming at the price that you wanted? Or is the location is not -- what is leading to a delay 
for the land acquisition? 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
See, the lands have been tied up, whatever we spoke in about 8 million, 9 million square feet 
new launches. They have all been tied up. In some cases, there has been a delay in compliance 
by the land owners, which will also happen and a bit of delay in due diligence in other words. 
And whereas the design development work is in a substantial progress. So it is only the Brigade 
is ready, sometimes the land owner side, there will be some delays. That is what is holding up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just one question on plotted. So if I compare from last quarter to this quarter, our potential plotted 
development project has declined a bit. I think last quarter, it was 1.8 million square feet, now 
1.4 million square feet, as highlighted in the land bank slide. Is it because 0.4 has already been 
launched and hence, it has been given out or what's the case. And just again, a follow-up on that. 
We -- our share in that is only 0.6 million square feet that is 40% around. Plotted are anyways a 
very -- I mean, a comparatively low realization project. So what's the strategy with such a low 
share in a plotted project. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Yes. So first of all, you're right. The reduction in 0.4 is because we launched part of the Brigade 
Oasis that we mentioned in the opening remarks. We launched it last quarter, and we also sold 
out of the entire phase last quarter and hoping to launch the remaining this and next quarter. We 
also have another plotted project in Mysore, which we are launching this quarter and hope to 
inform you good results. Regarding the share, yes, we've communicated 100% share in terms of 
what would be launched. 
Typically, the dynamics in a plotted development because of -- because we're not doing buildup 
area, it tends to become a larger share to the landowner. So I think what we've done is fairly in 
terms of terms to the landowner, we are pretty much at market or maybe better than market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, just one question. The increase in sales value that was witnessed in the last 3 quarters. And 
so where is this coming from? Is it encouraging you to market share in Bangalore or market 
itself is growing? It is why I'm asking this question is going forward, where -- from where you 
are seeing growth coming? Is it like Bangalore itself is growing at a very fast rate in terms of 
real estate market or your share in the Bangalore market is growing or maybe from geographical 
expansion, such as Chennai and Hyderabad. So how are you seeing from where the growth will 
come going forward. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Realization increase that you've seen is definitely because we have been able to take up pricing 
across our entire portfolio, not just in the last few quarters, but consistently, maybe for the last 
4 to 6 quarters itself. Also from the projects that we have already sold in Chennai and Hyderabad, 
realization has increased. In the coming quarter or so, we may have less contribution from 
chennai and Hyderabad because we pretty much pulled out of our inventory in those 2 markets 
and working on the new launches. So you may see some stabilization of the APR -- or sorry, the 
ARRs that you're seeing today. 
Yes. So going forward, as we have -- as we launch new projects, we're actually able to see that 
we can drive pricing substantially even in raising interest rate period. That is what our teams are 
doing on the ground. We've demonstrated that across all the new launches that have happened 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
in FY '23. And I think we can continue to do that. And as we get our launches in Chennai coming 
up over the next, say, 4 to 6 quarters, then also we will see an increase in  the average realization. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Actually, I think I could not hear, so basically what my question was, ma'am, from where do 
you see the growth coming? Would the growth come from Bangalore growing itself or your 
share in Bangalore market will grow or from geographic expansion such as you increasing your 
market share in Chennai and Hyderabad? So that was actually my question. I mean, going 
forward, how do you see this growth momentum. 
M.R. Jaishankar: 
So the answer is both. Both our share is also growing. And also the overall business in the city 
is also growing. Now which has, I think, crossed the pre-COVID level during the residential, 
which was not the case in the last 2 years. So the answer is, as I said, our share in the market is 
growing, Bangalore is also growing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just a question on commercial real estate lease pipeline. So earlier in the call, you did mention 
that in Q4, you're focusing on leasing our businesses and would it be Chennai? So how is the 
pipeline for this? And how much leasing you're expecting in the fourth quarter? 
Nirupa Shankar: 
So, we've been doing quite okay. In fact, this past quarter, we managed fresh leases of 425,000 
square feet. In the coming quarter, we should look to be doing something similar or more. Like 
I said, there was some slowdown and slowness and uptake of SEZ areas, which is where the 
vacancy is. Otherwise, almost every other project of ours is almost completely leased out. We 
are trying to be as aggressive as we can given the market conditions, but it should take at least 
two to three more quarters, it looks like. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pavitra Shankar, 
Managing Director, for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Pavitra Shankar: 
Thank you all for listening in. Before we end the investor call, we'd just like to take you through 
some nonfinancial highlights. As part of our thought leadership initiatives through Brigade 
REAP our tech accelerator, we hosted Propagate on the 29th of November to bring together 
industry thought leaders, key influencers and start-ups to inspire each other. We received over 
500 registrations from leaders in the Proptech Ecosystem, including start-ups, VCs, developers, 
incubators, accelerators and academia. 
We witnessed a very engaging and thought-provoking discussions focused on the role that 
technology plays in enabling smart infrastructure for a better tomorrow. An important internal 
initiative called Sampoorna Parivartan 2.0 Katalyze, is our digital transformation journey. 
Through this program, we simplified and further digitized processes with a focus on improving 
customer experience. It's very fulfilling to receive in December the Realty Plus Awards for the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Brigade Enterprises Limited  
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Best Customer Connect initiative of the year for Brigade's here4you customer feedback program. 
We also won the award for best digital marketing campaign for our flagship sales event Brigade 
Showcase. 
We think it's fitting to touch upon the recently announced budget. We believe the infrastructure 
spending of INR 10 lakh crores is a step in the right direction and is expected to have a positive 
cascading effect on all sectors. With respect to real estate, the extension of tax benefits for 
relocating to GIFT City till 2025 will enhance business activities in the region. what ever support 
needed, such as industry status for our sector and a relook at the GST rate on cement and loss of 
import tax credit did not find a mention in the budget. PublicPrivate partnership initiatives 
announced to promote tourism and to identify 50 projects for last-mile connectivity 
improvement. 
The addition of 50 airports, heliports and water drones will also benefit the sector. Brigade's 
flagship CSR initiative in Arts and Culture, the Indian Music Experience Museum or IME, 
recently organized the Rhythm Exchange festival, a culmination of the year-long collaboration 
with Manchester Museum in the UK and supported by the British Council. 
The festival brought together Indo-UK musician mentors and mentees to explore Rhythm as a 
shared language between East and West. IME brings top quality knowledge and networks in the 
classical music space and showcases musical swap culture, including Bollywood, tribal and folk 
music, contemporary music and independent singer-songwriters, bearing a range of genres, even 
rock and hip hop. 
IME is a fantastic place for all generations to visit together. So if business or pleasure brings you 
all to Bangalore, please take some time out for this unique experience. I'm also extremely happy 
to share that our Chairman, Mr. Jaishankar was solicitated at The South India Hotels & 
Restaurants Association Awards for his contribution to the hospitality sector. With that, we now 
wrap up our Q3 FY '23 analyst call. Thank you all for taking the time to hear from us today. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Brigade Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
************** 
 
