 
Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com  
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 
 
 
April 22, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500325 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  
Audio / Video Recording and Transcript of Presentation on Audited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter / year 
ended March 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the audio / video recording and transcript of the 
presentation made on April 21, 2023, on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) of the Company for the quarter / year ended March 31, 2023, is available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.ril.com/InvestorRelations/FinancialReporting.aspx. 
The said transcript is also attached.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
 
 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Copy to: 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II  
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
Singapore Exchange Limited 
2 Shenton Way, #02- 02 SGX Centre 1 
Singapore 068804 
 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
SAVITHRI PAREKH 
Date: 2023.04.22 
11:09:26 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q4 2022 - 2023  
Media & Analyst Call Transcript  
 
21 April 2023  20:02 IST  
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
• 
Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh B Srinivasan, President, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Kiran Thomas, President, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited 
• 
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Corporate Development, Reliance Retail 
• 
Sh Sanjay Roy, Senior Executive Vice President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited 
 
Duration: 01:15:57 minutes 
 
Presentation Link:  
https://www.ril.com/getattachment/e7e8068a-d33e-4231-ae09-
be4e390f1593/Financial%20Presentation%20-%20Q4%20Results.aspx 
 
Meeting Video:  
https://www.ril.com/InvestorRelations/FinancialReporting.aspx 
• Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:23 (Introduction) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:00:24 – 00:11:51 (Consolidated Financials) 
• Sh Kiran Thomas 00:11:52 – 00:35:08 (Digital Services) 
• Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:35:09 – 00:53:07 (Reliance Retail) 
• Sh Sanjay Roy 00:53:08 – 00:58:47 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:58:48 – 01:15:57 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:23 (Introduction) 
 
Good evening and welcome to the fourth quarter FY 2023 results presentation of Reliance Industries Limited. 
Thank you, as always for waiting patiently. We have Srikanth, Kiran Thomas. Dinesh, Sanjay Roy to take you 
through the performance of each of our business segments. Over to you Srikanth.  
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:24 – 00:11:51 (Consolidated Financials) 
 
Thanks, Srini and Good Evening friends.  
 
This is Srikanth starting off with the consolidated financial highlights. So, starting with FY 23, It's been a record 
performance led by rebound in O2C and as well as continuing growth in consumer businesses. Our EBITDA at 
₹ 1,55,000 crore was ahead by 23% on a Y-o-Y basis. Net profit is at ₹ 74,100 crore, was up 14% on pre-
exceptional basis and up 9.2% if you include exceptional gain in FY22. It was the highest ever O2C earnings if 
we were to look at it on pre-SAED basis, given the tight fuel markets, which are in some sense offset by weak 
downstream chemical markets. Overall consumer businesses posted EBITDA of ₹ 68,300 crores which is up 
30% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our digital services segment crossed the ₹ 50,000 crore mark and retail continued to do 
well in terms of expansion of footprint and digital commerce. Oil and gas, a strong performance at eight-year 
high with steady KG D6 production of 19 MMSCMD and also benefitting from higher energy prices. So, we have 
actually doubled EBITDA and net profit in this period.  
 
So, moving to just the key highlights and given that there are presentations that are following, I'm just going to 
touch upon the main points. In essence, I'm talking about retail, which has grown 30% Y-o-Y basis on revenue 
sense. And EBITDA up 45% Y-o-Y with a margin expansion of 70 basis points at 7.8%. So very strong growth, 
which Dinesh will talk about in terms of retail footprint, in terms of footfalls, in terms of the registered customer 
base. Overall EBITDA close to ₹ 18,000 crores.  
 
About the digital services side, revenues are up 20% and EBITDA up 25%. At the consolidated level, what we 
call digital services, crossed the ₹ 50,000 crores mark with an ARPU of ₹ 179 which is 7% higher. Good growth 
in terms of net customer add of 29.2 million taking us to 439 million. Overall strong growth in traffic as you can 
see 24% higher on a Y-o-Y and we also crossed the 10 Exabytes mark recently.  
 
On O2C side, with ₹ 62,000 crores of EBITDA on almost ₹ 6 lakh crores of revenue. So, both revenue and 
EBITDA were up in 18% to 19% range and benefiting from strong global oil demand supported refining margins. 
We had a better margin capture with yield optimization and also a superior product placement. The downstream 
chemicals as you know, was impacted but to a great extent the fact that domestic demand was strong and the 
fact that we also were benefited from ethane cracking given the sharp fall in ethane prices. 
 
On the Oil & Gas side, again, strong performance.  Revenue up to 2.2x, EBIDTA up about more than 2.5x on 
Y-o-Y basis, benefiting both from some volume increase almost 11% higher and also importantly from the price 
realization point of view which was $ 10.6 MMBTU versus $ 4.92 MMBTU. We are expecting KGD6 production 
to commence in the first quarter of FY24.  

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Bringing the numbers together, as you can see, revenues almost close to the ₹ 10 lakh crore mark, and as I 
mentioned, EBIDTA at ₹ 1,55,000 crores, both higher by 23%. EBITDA was led by strong performance from all 
key operating businesses. Net profit at ₹ 74,000 crores was higher by 14% despite higher finance cost, as you 
know, given the sharp rise in policy rates globally. We also had increased depreciation coming on the back of 
higher network utilization and also higher tax rates due to lower availability of tax credits and incentives.  
 
So, this is just a pictorial bridge as I was saying. When you look at it, O2C 18% growth, oil and gas 2.5 times 
what it was, retail 30% growth, digital services 25% growth. In essence, I'm talking about all businesses doing 
pretty well and, in that sense, it's a very robust performance across all businesses. 
 
So, when it comes to fourth quarter again, overall, EBITDA ₹ 41,000 crores was 22% growth on a Y-o-Y basis, 
also sequentially up close to 8%. And again, this same point about small businesses kicking in reflects overall 
net profits. When you look at the profits at ₹ 21,327 crores, both on a Y-o-Y basis it is up 18% and even 
sequentially, it is up to 20%. And the higher finance costs and depreciation were actually partially offset by lower 
deferred taxes on a Y-o-Y basis. On a Q-o-Q basis, EBITDA growth led by O2C and digital services and net 
profits were up 20% benefiting from lower tax provision with availing of lower tax provision with availing of legacy 
tax credit as we transition to the new tax regime in FY24. 
 
In terms of explaining 4Q, on a sequential basis, the big jump really came in on the O2C segment benefiting 
from polymer deltas which were actually higher anywhere between 4 to 25%. Some products like polyester yarn 
and PET upwards from 30-40% growth. Also benefiting from a very sharp improvement in gasoline cracks. Oil 
and gas were stable, retail portfolio benefited from footfalls, store expansion and an expanding portfolio. Digital 
Services maintained the momentum and which Kiran will talk to you about specifically how these businesses 
have done well.  
 
So, this is an interesting slide. You know the last decade we have allocated capital in creating as you know, two 
strong consumer platforms, digital and retail. And this has really transformed the earnings mix of Reliance and 
firmly positioned us as a consumer and tech company. The strength of these platforms and the opportunity that 
they addressed is clearly visible in the growth that we have seen over the past few years. Both Jio and retail 
have grown their EBIDTA at 50% CAGR in a five-year timeframe. And even though the pandemic impacted 
period of three years, these businesses have delivered with the growth of around 25%.  
 
We have invested in state-of-the-art infrastructure; you know this is technology investment and pan India 
footprint contain both digital and retail. And this has helped create an unmatched consumer ecosystem that is 
uniquely positioned to capture the huge India growth opportunity for the coming decades leveraging the 
customer insights that these two platforms bring. The competitive cost positions and the huge operating 
leverage that is inherent in these businesses is clearly visible. As you will note, EBITDA growth has outpaced 
revenue growth across all timeframes really reflecting the operating leverage that we have been talking about 
and one is seeing. We do see a long period of similar operating leverage coming into play.  
 
Our energy business continues to generate strong cash flows through the commodity cycles and despite the 
macro disruptions. We are allocating capital towards energy transition initiatives that could generate and that 
could be the next phase of earnings. 
 
So, when you look at this slide, truly accelerated investments we have reinforced our leadership positions in the 
consumer business. In the investment phase, we are ensuring that we maintain our lead digital services through 
a differentiated 5G product offering across India. Our 5G services that are already available in more than 2300 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
towns and cities in just six months from the launch. And we have grown our front-end retail space by more than 
60% over the last year and further strengthened our logistics and delivery capabilities by adding more than 50% 
warehousing space. Importantly, our investments have been funded by internal generation of funds. In fact, I 
would say that if you see the figures on the left, cash profits generated by Reliance over the last few years of 
almost entirely covered the capex for this period. And as you can see, again from the numbers our leverage 
continues to be very comfortable with that of allocation. 
 
So, when you look at the balance sheet side, given the fact that our Capex has been almost entirely funded by 
our own cash profits. Really the net debt is attributable to factors coming from primarily from working capital 
changes and also you know some of the translation effect of foreign currency liability changes. So, the increase 
in net debt is, coming more on working capital and translation impact. And for us, clearly, the continuing 
emphasis remains on discipline capital allocation to support growth initiatives. And as you saw from the previous 
slide, we believe that it will be largely funded through internal accruals. We have been very focused on our 
superior investment grade ratings that as you know, we have and, you know, we continue to focus on ensuring 
that our net debt EBITDA is below 1x.  
 
So, in summary, you know, strong cash generation or superior credit profile does provide us the flexibility to 
deploy capital in a very disciplined way.  
 
With this, I'm going to request Kiran to take us through the digital services part. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Kiran Thomas 00:11:52 – 00:35:08 (Digital Services) 
 
Thank you, Srikanth. 
 
So this has been second quarter since we started rolling out our 5G services in Jio. I think Srikanth alluded to 
that. We started with an initial rollout of just under five cities in October of 2022. And as we speak today, we are 
well on our way towards covering the entire country by the end of this calendar year. Today we are present in 
more than 2300 cities and towns with more cities getting added with each passing day.  
 
If you look at the number of sites which have been deployed, we are present today in more than 60,000 sites, 
which cumulatively mean that we have deployed more than 3,50,000 5G cells across these 2300 cities. So this 
is by far the fastest 5G rollout of this scale anywhere in the world. And by the end of this year, which is just a 
shade over one year, we would have largely replicated our 4G footprint with 5G footprint as well. 
 
What does that mean for us? 
 
I think the 5G rollout is really powering four differentiated offerings that we're making to the market. Number one 
is obviously we are strengthening our leadership in the mobility market. We are clearly seeing that, with a 
differentiated offering, present in more than 2000 cities as we said, and by the end of the year across India. We 
will have not just the best 4G network in the country, probably arguably anywhere in the world, but also one of 
the best 5G networks as an offering in those markets.  
 
Largely driven by their superior proposition, in the cities where we have deployed 5G, we are already seeing 
that there is a great increase in consumption, sometimes as high as three or four times, even from a very high 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
consumption base that we have with 4G. And even without any change in tariffs, what that means is that we 
can see we can anticipate a growth in ARPU, just driven by consumption alone. And that's on the mobility side. 
But if you look at what it means for Indian homes, as you all know, we have been rolling out a JioFiber services, 
which is our optical fiber-based home broadband services, over the past more than more than a year or so. 
 
But with AirFiber, which is what we are calling our 5G broadband to the home through fixed wireless technology, 
we can really accelerate the growth of that home broadband base taking advantage of this pan India 5G network 
that we are rolling out. And looking beyond consumers’ homes, if you look at our enterprises and SMBs, the 5G 
services are powering not just connectivity, but a slew of software services which are now starting to bundle 
along with our 5G services and 4G services as we make more inroads into the enterprises. So if you look at it, 
we can really imagine that 5G is really driving what we call the Jio 2.0 opportunity with the transformational 
impact that will have in mobility in home as well as in the enterprises.  
 
To further add strength to the offerings that we are making to the market. We recently launched Jio Plus, which 
is a brand new postpaid offering. Postpaid traditionally has been a very strong market for the incumbent 
competitors in India. And what we are trying to do is really become more aggressive as we enter into this into 
this segment. What we are offering is a family plan, which allows essentially up to four people to share a single 
postpaid plan. That means you get a single bill for the entire family. You can share the data which is available 
as part of that combined postpaid plan that you've taken, which means less wastage.  
 
We are also bundling premium entertainment through Netflix and Amazon Prime video, the best tariffs when it 
comes to international roaming and inflight connectivity, and obviously, all the benefits that True 5G offers 
through the Jio Welcome Offer. All of these bundled into a single bill and a single plan that up to four people 
can share in a household.  
 
And because it's postpaid, what we're also doing is offering what we call Gold Standard customer service, which 
means priority call back when you when you need that help free home delivery and obviously priority when it 
comes to portability and other benefits like not having to give any security deposits and so on. So all of the 
benefits of postpaid, plus this great bundle of value that we are offering, to be shared by up to four people or a 
single plan. This is one of the moves that we're making to become even more aggressive as we go after what 
is considered to be traditionally considered to be a stronghold of the incumbents. And we believe that this will 
have great success in the coming months. 
 
And when it comes to homes, I mentioned that 5G is also powering our expansion into the homes but even on 
our Jio fiber plan itself, which is our optical fiber rollout that has been going on, even now positioning Jio Fiber 
even for the people who already have other alternative broadband connections in their homes. And we are 
calling it as the 198 Backup plan, which I will speak about in a minute. And on the other hand, we are looking 
to further accelerate the rollout of our home broadband offering. Today we are probably already the largest 
broadband provider for Indian homes. But we are looking to further accelerate by many orders of magnitude 
through the AirFiber solution, which is driven by Jio True 5G, as well as through a very unique partnership that 
we are entering into with local cable operators or LCO partners. So that they also add their strength and the 
local relationships and the local process that they have to become partners to Jio to expand our home 
broadband service. 
 
Looking at the backup plan that we mentioned, this is IPL season, where a lot of people are very touchy about 
being disconnected. So, what we have really positioned JioFiber is that since you cannot afford to be 
disconnected even for even for a period when the action is really heating up, why don't you take JioFiber as a 

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
backup. Because our quality and our availability is tested in the market. So why don't you take the JioFiber as 
a backup.  
 
And this is like the second SIM phenomenon. When we started our mobility rollout, everybody thought that Jio 
would be initially considered as a second SIM, but over time we became the primary SIM for pretty much the 
largest segment within India when it comes to mobility. And this is like a repeat of that by getting into the 
household, establishing a relationship, and then being able to upsell and promote JioFiber. Once people 
experience the proposition and the quality of the service, the content, they will consider it as the primary option.  
 
We are already seeing that a majority of the new users who are taking the backup plan eventually are upgrading 
to the higher speed plans, and all the other entertainment packs or the full slew of offerings that come in the in 
the regular plans. So they are upgrading, and we are seeing a great degree of interest for this offering in the in 
the tier two and tier three town because it's super affordable is a great way even for people who already have 
other options to start experiencing the quality and the reliability of all the other value-added features that JioFiber 
offers. So again, this is another example of how we are becoming a little bit more aggressive when it comes to 
home broadband as well. 
 
Like I mentioned, AirFiber, which is the 5G-led broadband offering, is what we what we believe will be the turbo 
booster when it comes to really taking home broadband even to a much larger number of Indian households. 
By the end of this year, we would all be pan-India when it comes to our 5G coverage. And what this means is 
that we can with the same ease of signing up that a customer today has with a mobile service, a customer could 
opt for a home broadband as well, and we will be able to connect that home thanks to the to the 5G coverage 
and the fact through the multiple spectrum holdings we have both capacity and coverage through spectrum in 
the 700 megahertz and so on. 
 
So all of that means that we can very quickly on demand provide a home broadband connectivity thanks to the 
5G capacity that we have created. What has really enabled us to do this is the fact that a lot of the technical 
competencies are required to provide the service end-to-end, everything from the core, the home equipment, 
and obviously things like the Jio set-top box, which is really bringing that top class entertainment to Indian 
homes.  
 
All of those are developed in-house, of course, along with a lot of help from very strong technology partners that 
we've been working with for many, many years. Also, what we've done is we've really taken technology to the 
to the next level by using it to plan this entire network upfront. So even as the 5G rollout is going on. We've 
already done the video planning as well as the installation planning so that the customer really expresses 
interest to have AirFiber in their home. We can literally offer that service in a matter of hours. 
 
We are looking to launch this as we as we hit critical mass with our 5G rollout. We are looking to offer the 
AirFiber service for home broadband to augment our already ongoing JioFiber rollout in the coming months. 
Our target really with AirFiber is that from the tens of millions of homes that they were looking to acquire on a 
yearly basis, thanks to JioFiber, can be more ambitious and over the coming two or three years we can really 
expand that ambition to be present in as high as 100 million homes. 
 
So, like I mentioned, large enterprises obviously are making huge inroads into enterprises. Pretty much every 
large enterprise that you can think about is already having some sort of relationship with Jio. You're growing 
that relationship with every passing day, but the next frontier for us is really what is considered to be a largely 
untapped market in India, which is the small and medium business. And here obviously, you know this these 

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
are not sophisticated technology buyers. They are looking for some trusted partner to come and create an end-
to-end solution. 
 
And what that means is that they need help pretty much across everything from connectivity to devices, to 
obviously all kinds of managed service type help and cloud-enabled applications that they can really start using 
for the benefit of their business. What you see on the right is a simple example that we have recently launched, 
where we are going to small hospitals and clinics. And what you're telling them is that obviously you could be a 
connected hospital. But along with that we are offering them software that is required to manage their 
operations.  
 
For example, we're bundling in C Square, which is a startup that we have acquired. They have the software 
which is India's one of the best pharmacy management software. Many of these hospitals have their own 
pharmacy or homegrown solutions.  We are bundling this in almost Rs 25,000 worth. If you were to compare 
other offerings in the market as a bundle and making it available so that the software can really power the entire 
billing and all the other inventory management associated with running the pharmacy.  
 
And not just that, but through one of our sister companies, Netmeds, most into the wholesale of 
pharmaceuticals, they actually get some credit so that they can even start ordering and get some additional 
margins into their business. So, if you see, it's a whole solution, everything from connectivity with the software 
that is required to manage our operations, as well as supply which is required thorough some of our sister 
companies from the retail group, all being put together to offer that end-to-end solution to this small hospital, 
and this is just one example. There are a number of other examples that we are now launching as we start 
focusing on segment after segment in the small and medium business area. 
 
One of the examples of how we have been taking that end-to-end solution approach is thorough Jio Cinema, 
which is one of our media offerings. And within the Reliance group, now we have the rights to stream IPL for 
the coming few years, and what we have done right in the very first year is create a digital solution where we 
can take what we call from glass-to-glass – that is the glass of the camera that is looking at the action on the 
field all the way to the glass of the screen where the customers are viewing. And of course, a number of form 
factors – everything from smartphones, laptops, tablets, and of course the large screen TVs, thanks to Jio set-
top box and other smart TV offerings.  
 
Across all of these, we are now able to seamlessly stream the action. And we have launched a number of very 
unique features where you can have a camera angle of your choice, much more interactivity to be introduced 
in the coming days, but really showcasing the next generation of entertainment experience using this 
infrastructure that we have created. And obviously we are doing this as India scale. We tested this during FIFA 
and the Women's Premier League, and we have some great numbers, much more than what we had expected, 
but the IPL season is really blowing everything out of the water.  
 
And this is a great predictor of what is to come where I think industry shifts, from traditional broadcast means of 
enjoying entertainment and other media to truly interactive and streaming based media consumption. And we 
have shown the way with IPL and Jio Cinema, but under the hoods, what we have done is really engineer what 
we would consider as the next highway for streaming media to be delivered to Indian homes. And this could be 
a platform that we're looking to offer to every other media service provider in the country who is looking to 
replicate or take advantage of this tectonic shift that we are seeing happening in the in the entertainment area. 
 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Quickly moving to the to the operational and financial numbers now. Looking at this quarter, very strong financial 
performance continues for JPL. Our consolidated revenues for the financial year 2023 was a shade over 98,000 
crores, which is more than 20% year on year growth as compared to the last financial year. Consolidated 
EBITDA stood at a shade under 50,000 crores. And the growth in EBITDA was even higher than our revenue 
growth, which actually shows that there is a great degree of operating leverage that is now kicking in as we are 
unleashing newer and newer engines of growth largely without having to make proportionate investments. So 
EBITDA growth we saw is almost 25% as compared to the last year.  
 
The quarter alone, the consolidated revenue and EBITDA were a shade over 25,000 crores, which is almost a 
one lakh per run rate, if you were to project that out over 12 months, and over 12000 crores when it comes to 
EBITDA as well. 
 
In terms of subscribers, I think we are now very nearly almost 440-odd-million as of March 2023. And again 
ARPU, we have also seen strong ARPU growth, and again a lot of that is yet to come into the future as the full 
5G rollout kicks in and as consumption picks up. But even looking backwards, we saw a nearly 7% year-on-
year growth. The monthly traffic when it comes to data traffic on Jio’s network across 10 exabytes. So for the 
last quarter, it was more than 30 exabytes, which is again a 23% year on year growth as compared to what was 
comparable last year.  
 
And obviously as I mentioned, all of these numbers are looking to further grow. We can expect further growth 
as the 5G rollout continues. And as we speak, we already have 10s of 1000s of sites and by the end of the year 
really looking to see a dramatically improved set of numbers. Again, showing a little bit more of details behind 
the data growth, if you look over the last two years, we can see that the quarterly data traffic on Jio’s network 
has nearly doubled as compared to let's say a comparable quarter in 2021. And this increase has been largely 
driven by additions in subscribers, increase in growth when it comes to home broadband, adoption of 5G, and 
as we speak today, on average a Jio customer consumes nearly 23 gigabytes of data on a monthly basis. And 
again, this is a near doubling when compared to the 13 odd GB that they were consuming on a like-to-like basis 
two years ago.  And again, this is all thanks to Jio’s network, which is one of the leaders in the world and certainly 
leader by far in India when it comes to both speed as well as experience. 
 
In terms of the key operating metrics, like I said, 440-odd million customers as we exit this quarter, compared 
to a year back, that's almost 30-odd million growth when it comes to subscribers. The net adds continue to grow 
again. This is a market leading number – nearly 6 million new customers joining the Jio family over the last 
quarter. ARPU growth from 167 in the fourth quarter of last year to now nearly 180 rupees per month. In terms 
of total data consumption, like I said, from 24 exabytes to now 30 exabytes over the last quarter. Per data 
consumption, the year back, it was nearly 20 GB, now it is 23 GB. And again, when it comes to voice, from 1400 
odd minutes to now nearly 1500 minutes on a daily basis.  
 
Now all of this indicates a growing level of engagement of customers. So, it's not just absolute growth in the 
number of subscribers, but many of the numbers on a per sub basis, both from the data as well as voice 
perspective, indicates that there is a greater degree of engagement that customers are having with Jio services. 
 
Looking at the numbers for RJIL for the for Q4 FY’23. Again, you can see as compared to you can see a steady 
growth that you're seeing in revenues, quarter on quarter, consistently. If you look at the revenues for RJIL as 
compared to like-to-like quarter last year, it is now almost 12% Higher. And EBITDA margins have crossed 50% 
now nearly 52% and the growth again from quarter comparable quarter last year is nearly 17%. 
 

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
If you look at the entire year, again, a similar story. If you look at the revenues year on year growth of nearly 
18%, EBITDA growth of nearly 25% year on year. And this is again largely driven by that operating leverage 
that I mentioned. And you can really see that is also reflected in the fact that we have now nearly 260 basis 
points increase in margins as compared to the number that we had last year. 
 
If you look at the overall Jio Platforms number for Q4, again, operating revenue growth of nearly 15% year-on-
year, again driven by the RJIL performance that I mentioned, consistent subscriber additions and an increase 
in ARPU. And again, compared to Q4 last year, a strong EBITDA growth of nearly 17% with more than 100% 
year on year increase when it comes to margins. And if you look at the reported net profit number again, nearly 
15% year on year growth as compared to q4 last year. 
 
For the entire financial year. Again, you can see a strong operating revenue growth nearly 20% Compared to 
last year, the gross revenue has crossed one lakh crore, which is a milestone by itself. And EBIDTA growth of 
again nearly 25% year-on-year, almost 48,000 crores for the for the year. And the EBITDA margins now for the 
entire JPL group is very close to 50%. And again, when it comes to the quarter profit, the year-on-year growth 
of 23%. With that, I'll hand it over to my colleague at Retail. 
 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:35:09 – 00:53:07 (Reliance Retail) 
 
Just to cover quickly year-end performance, we had a 30% year-on-year growth in gross revenues and a 45% 
growth in EBITDA. We delivered a robust growth in across all our consumption baskets. In terms of our footprint 
expansion, we added 3,300 new stores, which is about 25 million square feet of area, which is 60% of the area 
that we had at the start of the year. Similarly on the warehousing space, we are added about 12 million square 
feet, which is almost 50% of the space that we had last year.  
 
Our registered customer base now stands at 249 million. We crossed the landmark of 1 billion transactions 
during the quarter, which is a 42% growth y-o-y and footfalls were up 50% year on year. Digital and new 
commerce channels, they continue to grow strongly, along with our offline businesses, and their revenue shares 
maintained at 18%. New commerce business, we crossed the milestone of 3 million merchants onboarded on 
the platform. We launched several new formats across our businesses to cater to the needs of specific customer 
segments. Some of the notable formats include Azorte, which is tech-driven fashion and lifestyle store; Centro, 
which is a large format departmental fashion store; Fashion Factory, which is basically brands for less. 
 
We forayed into the two large categories of beauty and FMCG business. Within FMCG, we launched the 
Independence brand, and we relaunched the Campa brand very recently. On the beauty side, we launched the 
first Tira store earlier this month as well as the online platform is live. And we continued to explore acquisitions 
and partnerships to further strengthen our capabilities.  
 
On a year-on-year, our revenues came at Rs Two lakh Sixty thousand crore, which is a 30% growth y-o-y. 
EBITDA from operations came at Rs 17,600 crores, which is a 16% growth y-o-y. Our EBITDA operating margin 
expanded 140 basis points to 7.6%. Total EBITDA was Rs 17,900 crores, which is a 45% growth y-o-y, and 
profit after tax of Rs 9181 crores, which is a 30% growth y-o-y. So, across both top line growth as well as 
margins we performed pretty strongly. 
 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Moving on to the fourth quarter, we had sustained growth across all our consumption baskets. Grocery had the 
strongest performance, followed by consumer electronics and fashion lifestyle. Our operating margins continue 
to expand. In fact, we had higher EBITDA for the quarter compared to previous quarter, which is a festival 
quarter and has the highest consumption. But still we managed to deliver EBITDA which is higher than the last 
quarter.  
 
Grocery and fashion lifestyle are the two segments which are which are driving this. Footfalls for the quarter 
were at about 219 million and the number of transactions came at 294 million, which is a pretty strong 40% 
growth year-on-year. During the quarter, we added 966 stores. So, if you see, our performance over the last 
few quarters, from six to seven stores a day that we were opening earlier, we ramped it up to almost 11 stores 
a day now. So, there is a significant ramp up. This year, we added 25 million square feet of total retail sales 
area under operations.  
 
On the digital commerce side, daily orders were up 17%, merchant partner growth was 45% and we crossed 
the mark of 3 million merchants during this year.  
 
Moving on, overall revenue growth for the quarter was 19%. Grocery on a pretty large base grew at 66% y-o-y, 
so it had the highest growth followed by consumer electronics, which had the growth of 37% and fashion & 
lifestyle grew at 19% during the quarter. Digital commerce and New Commerce continue to maintain their share 
in total revenues at about 17%.   
 
EBITDA growth for the quarter was 33% y-o-y. The EBITDA from operations came at 7.7%, which was 60 basis 
point increase over last year. So, we are seeing sustained impact of operating leverage as we are scaling up 
and some of the utilizations of our assets are increasing as our depth is increasing. The margin expansion is 
happening. Specifically, the grocery and fashion & lifestyle saw pretty strong growth in their margins.   
 
On store count, we crossed the milestone of 18,000 stores during this quarter. Our total storage area stands at 
65.6 million, we added over 6 million square feet space during the quarter. Our registered customer base is now 
close to 250 million, so we are able to demonstrate execution at scale across multiple categories across multiple 
formats and people find value in our offering which is reflected in the kind of transactions and the customer base 
that we've been able to achieve.  
 
Quick summary of the financial performance for the quarter - revenue came in at Rs 69,267 crores which is a 
19% year on year. EBITDA from operations was close to Rs 4800 crores which is a 33% growth year on year 
with a 60 basis point margin expansion. Our total EBITDA growth was at 33% at Rs 4900 crores and PAT was 
at Rs 2,400 crores which is a 13% growth year on year. 
 
Just to take you through a few highlights across our key business segments. Consumer electronics business 
had a pretty strong quarter growing 37% year on year. Our stores continue to see strong LFL growth as well as 
the services business which is a big differentiator for us. It continues to expand its reach as well as build on the 
customer relationships and that really helps us manage the entire customer lifecycle relationship and which also 
helps the sales business as well. So that's something that a big advantage for us. 
 
We continue to leverage on events… Republic Day, which is a big event during this quarter. We saw a 35% 
growth year on year. The growth was across categories, specifically pre-IPL there was a big boost in the sales 
of TVs which the business was able to leverage quite well. Our ResQ business added 200+ new service centres 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
and launched new service plans and added new categories into the portfolio. So, the business continues to 
scale up extremely well. 
 
In our own brands, we had a pretty strong 100% growth year on year, which is much higher than where the 
industry is growing. The merchant base is up 80% year-on-year and we continue to focus on increasing our 
wallet share with the merchant base. Our new commerce business that is the electronics JMD, had an 
exponential growth during the quarter, primarily led by phones and appliances. We continue to add new 
merchant partners onto the platform. The merchant base grew 3x on year-on-year basis. 
 
Fashion and lifestyle business continues to grow pretty strongly. We continue to improve our average bill values 
and conversion rates as our price value proposition in this space is very very strong as you are aware of, there's 
a share of our own brands in our offline business. The growth was quite broad based across categories. Some 
of the categories to call out were men’s formals, women's ethnic wear and kids wear which did very well. 
 
The business executed very well, leveraging some of the key festivals and the wedding season. We were one 
of the sponsors to the Femina Miss India event. And we continue to launch new formats, experiment with new 
formats in this space. During the quarter we launched the GAP brand in India and also launched the standalone 
stores for Portico. 
 
AJIO, which is the online fashion destination, continues to grow from strength to strength. It had a very strong 
quarter with improvement across all operational metrics. We continue to add, continue to expand our catalogue 
as well as bring more exclusive brands onto the platform as well as grow our own brands. We now have 13 
lakh-plus live options on the platform resulting in very strong performance for this business. 
 
Our partner brands continue to do very well. It saw a growth of 35% year-on-year. This business caters to the 
premium and luxury segment where the spending continues. The footfall in the stores continues to be very 
strong and this business continues to add more brands, more partner to franchisees, joint ventures into the 
portfolio. During the quarter we entered an exclusive partnership with EL&N cafe for the F&B space, and we 
also had a JV with Circle E retail for toy manufacturing for vertical integration for our toys retailing business. 
 
Jewels business continues to capitalize on the on the wedding season and events. There is a lot of focus on 
launching in house designs and strengthen our product offering which continues to find good acceptance in the 
market. The tier 2 and beyond towns are actually doing very strong for us while we continue to maintain a strong 
position in the tier 1 cities as well. 
 
Lingerie business, we have multiple brands which span across customer segmentation. All the brands continue 
to do well. Our revenue growth was up 88% on a YoY basis. There's a lot of focus on expanding the retail 
presence of these brands both by setting up a EBOs as well as leveraging the various Reliance retail footprint 
and customer base to really expand the footprint of these brands. This is a technical product, so we continue to 
innovate and build product capabilities and launch new brands as well as bring other brands onto the 
marketplace platform.  
 
Urban Ladder, which is a home and living business. There’s a lot of focus on store expansion as well as building 
the omni-channel experience for the customers. The business during the quarter leveraged some of the key 
marquee events to drive traffic as well as sales, as well as we continue to expand external brands in addition to 
our own products to offer wider choice to the customer. The catalogue was up 100% on a YoY basis. 
 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Grocery had a very strong performance delivering all time high revenues as we continue to deepen our 
presence, small towns are actually growing very fast. What we realized is in the tier two and beyond cities, these 
stores act as destination stores and drive us a lot of traffic. The growth was broad-based across categories, 
some of the notable ones that are doing very well were fruits and vegetables and staples.  
 
There is a significant focus on increasing the share of non-food with our overall portfolio. We continue to expand 
regional brands into our stores so that we can cater to local preferences as well as take some of these brands 
on a pan-India basis. Our marquee Paisa Vasool Sale event saw a very strong traction. The revenues were 
over 100%, led by staples, FMCG, food and HPC categories.  
 
On the new commerce side, we continue to on-board new merchants as well as expand our geographic footprint. 
In addition, there is a significant focus on increasing penetration, depth, in our existing geographies as well as 
increase the wallet share with our merchant partners. To that extent, we have continued to add in our supply 
chain capabilities and added 20 new smart hubs into the supply chain network for this business. We are looking 
at improving the assortment through more local regional assortment so that it is very relevant for the Kirana 
customer, provide the merchant what sells in that market, as well as grow our own brand’s portfolio so that we 
are able to get a higher wallet share with our partners.  
 
Consumer brands business continues its strong growth trajectory. All the categories did very well. We continue 
to leverage our R&D capabilities as well as expanding a large distribution network to launch new products. 
There were several new products which were launched during the quarter. Most notably, we re-launched the 
Campa brand, which we had acquired earlier; it was a very successful launch for us. We also bolstered our 
presence in other categories as well. We entered into a partnership with Maliban, which is a very reputed Sri 
Lankan player into biscuits; as well as in beverages launched the Raskik brand as well as in the confectionery 
space the Toffeeman brand. There's a big focus on expanding our distribution network, across geographies as 
well as enhance the product offering in this business. 
 
Our digital commerce business within grocery JioMart and Milk Basket continued to grow from strength to 
strength. There's a pretty strong growth as well as improvement in operational metrics on a continuous basis. 
There's a big focus on increasing the catalogue expansion, bringing new merchant seller partners onto the 
platform as well as grow the non-grocery share. To that extent, some of our internal formats like Trends, 
Hamleys and Urban Ladder are already live on the JioMart platform, and we are integrating other formats into 
JioMart as well.  
 
Milk Basket continues to expand, it is operational in 24 cities now, as well as it continues to expand its product 
catalogue beyond daily essentials. Pharma business - again, on a smaller base, had a pretty strong growth at 
51% year on year driven by the online network expansion. We are opening stand-alone pharmacy stores, which 
will serve as a destination for pharma and wellness products. They will also be enabled and integrated with our 
online business, that gives us a big advantage to be able to offer omni-channel experience to our customers, 
which very few other e-pharmacy players can offer. We continue to drive customer engagement through a 
number of marketing events and other initiatives to drive traffic. 
 
New commerce business - It was up 3x year on year and continues to expand its presence. It's currently 
operational in 2600 cities as of now. That’s a quick update on the retail side. Now I will handover to my 
colleagues for an update on the oil and gas business. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Sh Sanjay Roy 00:53:08 – 00:58:47 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
 
Thanks Dinesh Taluja, and Good Evening to You all.  
 
So, just to take us through a recap of FY ’23. If we see, we have done significantly better than the previous year. 
And, in fact, the EBITDA came in at an Eight Year high. Our consolidated EBITDA has come in at about Rs. 
13,589 crore, which is almost Rs. 8,100 crore higher than the previous year. EBITDA margins have also come 
in strongly at about 82%. Mainly on the back of sustained production from KGD6 with the commissioning of all 
the fields and there has been continuously improved performance from these wells.  
 
Also, there has been higher realizations, both in KGD6 and CBM in terms of price realisations, and as we can 
see, is more than twice in the case of KGD6. As such, overall, the uptime in the fields have been 100% and that 
there had been no safety incidents and we continue to produce from 11 wells in these two fields.  
 
In terms of the quarterly performance. When we compare to the last quarter, it was stable performance. 
Production continues to be sustained as well as the price realization is also flat. So, overall, in the last quarter, 
performance was quite stable.  
 
We are now positioning for commissioning of the MJ field, which will give us an upside in the production in terms 
of the production growth.  
 
So, just to give you an overview of the project. Testing and commissioning are currently underway. And we are 
happy with the progress; things are lining up. The subsea production system has been commissioned and now 
the entire field has been tested. We expect to commission the field this quarter and commence production. Also, 
we expect to ramp up from this field to achieve about 12 million standard cubic meters per day, this fiscal.  
 
Keeping that in mind, we have undertaken the fourth e-auction for sale of gas from KGD6 for a quantity of 6 
million standard cubic meters per day. This was a quite a successful round. The price bid was JKM plus 75 
cents, which is the highest bid that we have received through all the auctions.  There were 29 successful bidders. 
 
All in all, we are expecting to ramp up the production to a peak of about 30 million standard cubic meters per 
day, which will be about 30% of India's domestic gas production and we will meet about 15 per cent of India's 
gas demand.  
 
The customer spread that we have is nearly almost 50 customers. It includes CGD, power, fertilizers, refiners, 
steel, glass, ceramics etc. So, we have a widespread customer base.  
 
I'll say a few words about what we think about the outlook in the subsequent slides. So, with regards to the 
overall outlook on gas prices, as we've seen in recent times, gas prices have been a lot softer and mainly driven 
by a milder winter in the US and Europe.  
 
In fact, the European Union storages have been at historical highs, which is 50% higher than the last five years. 
However, with the Russian gas supply to the EU is likely to reduce to nearly 20% of pre-war levels, the 
dependency on LNG imports will increase, and now with no additional LNG capacity additions over the next 
couple of years, or at least not before 2025, we expect that should provide support for the gas prices and further, 

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
if we see a revival in demand from China, we expect prices to trend higher. That's broadly the outlook on gas 
prices going forward and gas outlook.  
 
In India, with lower prices, the demand has been quite buoyant and as such with higher domestic gas availability 
we can see that share of gas in the Indian energy basket has gone up, nearly touching 7%. 
 
In terms of the regulatory updates, the ceiling price was revised just prior to the end of the last quarter, and for 
the first half of FY ’24 at $12.12 per MMBtu as compared to $12.46 for the previous half.  
 
The Government has amended the 2014 guidelines applicable to APM gas but that will not impact the ceiling 
price for the Deepwater and HPHT gas. Also, with the unified tariff Regulations now implemented, this will 
largely benefit domestic gas because the cost of transportation will be much lower for customers in far flung 
areas, typically in the west and northwest areas.  
 
So, with respect to LNG, we will be far more competitive in value for customers, that is the domestic gas. So, 
gas market environment remains positive in the medium term. That's our view and along with the production 
upside that you see, it bodes well for the outlook.  
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:58:48 – 01:15:57 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
This is the last presentation on O2C. This is the year-on-year comparison. Almost six lakh crores of revenue 
and 62,000 crores of EBITDA. This is, as you can see, 90% higher on revenue and 80% on EBITDA. Overall, 
as I mentioned earlier on, this is a record high EBITDA on a pre-SAED basis. Benefiting of course from 
favourable fuel cracks because of stronger demand. The downstream margin environment had declined year-
on-year. Polymer margins declined, for example, anywhere between 15% and 30%. Polyester chain margins 
were lower by 9% with subdued demand in China, US and EU.  
 
From our side, you know, it was the highest ever domestic sale for polymers, elastomers, and PET, that 
supported realization. Domestic demand was good. And some benefit of the ethane cracking economics 
supported our profitability.  
 
When you look at it from a 4Q point of view, EBITDA was 16,300 crore which is higher by 17% on a QoQ basis, 
as well as 14.5% higher on a year-on-year basis. When you look at it from a year-on-year point of view, clearly 
benefiting from strength in middle distillate cracks, competitive feedstock sourcing, and also the performance 
was indeed impacted by 711 crore of SAED, as well as weaker polypropylene and polyester margin. 
 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the jump in earnings is coming primarily because Polymer margins were up 
anywhere between 4% and 25%. POY was up 29%. PET about 42%. So, that helped. Also, gasoline cracks 
were up pretty sharply because from $5 in last quarter, it went up to $15. And that to great extent offset the 
lower diesel and jet fuel cracks. Also, cracking economics was aided by a sharp decline in US ethane prices.  
 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So, this is what I was referring to. You can see that oil prices were lower, at $81, lower 8%. Ethan prices are 25 
cents per gallon down 36% QoQ. Lower feedstock prices supported downstream margins. Overall oil demand 
primarily led by Jet and kero and gasoline, of course. That offset some of the moderation based on diesel.  
 
Overall, what is important to note is strong domestic demand continued to remain good– oil 6%, polymers 20%, 
polyester 9% growth. 
 
So, the other point I wanted to highlight was drop in global cracker operating rates lowered by almost more than 
430 basis points to about 80% primarily because of capacity and efficiency in China and overall muted global 
demand. So, in the fourth quarter it was more about well-supplied market and some of the margins were 
supported by lower feedstock prices. 
 
So, this is a good chart. One on the top is really the quarter-on-quarter, and you can see the yearly chart below. 
But overall as you can see on a quarterly basis you can see that for the quarter a year back the gasoline demand 
was up by 10%, HSD up by 7%, ATF was up 38% on a lower base. But diesel benefiting from resilient farm 
sector demand and a lot of positive momentum in industrial and mining activities.  
 
But when you see the bottom chart, you can see that overall, when you cut through the volatility you can see 
that for FY23 the oil demand is up about 12% led by ATF, which is up 47%, gasoline demand up 13%, diesel 
up 12%.  
 
There has been a clearly you can characterize as a strong demand environment on the back of normalisation 
of economic activities and travel.  
 
Quickly going through polymer demand again quarter-on-quarter, you can see polymer demand 20% strong 
growth led by PVC and showing 67% growth and PVC demand is coming up on the back of agri, on the backup 
infra and government projects that we are seeing. Also, the fact that PVC prices were lower a bit supported 
growth and it is also reflected by the fact that there were significant imports of PVC during FY23. When we put 
the numbers again on an overall basis 12% growth is what you end up with polymer demand for the year - pretty 
strong. Of which, obviously PVC contributes a chunk of 32%. 
 
On the polyester side, 9% growth when you look at 4Q performance on a year-on-year basis, and that is you 
are seeing of course PET leading it on the back of beverage sector growth, tourism played a part, pre-summer 
stocking up helped. Even you can see some of the demand coming through in PSF and PFY it's resumption of 
schools, offices and marriage season. All of them is in essence textile garment sector all of them doing well. 
you can see that.  
 
Again, when you put the context of the whole year. You can see that polyester demand up 14%, and in PET 
that growth was 28% and PSF and PFY the growth was high at 17% and 10% respectively, again benefiting 
from economic activity.  
 
This is the delta environment and two points here as you can see, overall when you see it on a quarter on 
quarter basis, you can see that there has been jump in the margins if you look at polypropylene versus naphtha 
or PVC that is anywhere between 4% and 25% and that as you saw, you know, is the reason why you saw 
stronger O2C performance on the quarter on quarter basis.  
 

 
 
 
 
16 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Also, as I mentioned earlier on, you will see the ethane prices declining 36% on a Q-on-Q basis improved 
realization and we continued to optimize our cracker feed for mixed stream cracker. Essentially ethane versus 
naphtha mix.  
 
When you look at it on the full year basis, then you can see that every product be it HDPE or PP or PVC all of 
them are lower on a year-on-year basis anywhere between 15% and 32%. And you know really it was about 
market being well supplied and start-up of new capacities, lower demand all of them had an impact when you 
look deltas on a FY23 basis. 
 
On the polyester side, the chain deltas were quarter on quarter up 6%. And really there it was about PX margin 
improving because of tight supplies and the fact that you know there are high value for reformate. PET margins 
were also strong on the back of the beverages demand.  
 
When you look at FY23, however, on a year-on-year basis, polyester deltas were lower by 9% reflecting margin 
pressures, especially in MEG. That is why the overall delta is about 9%. So, you can see that it is the margins 
are below five-year averages and there is some capacity overhang here. 
 
Let me quickly take you through the transportation fuel, you can see gasoil, year on year $22 Now $28 You can 
see that as year on year higher, but quarter on quarter has been weaker from $42. You saw that fall coming 
through to $29. In fourth quarter you saw gas oil crack spotted on the back of the Russian diesel supplies still 
remains firm. It has been an unusually mild winter and because of gas price being lower the gasoil switching 
then happens so that level of softness in gasoil. 
 
On the Jet / Kero side again, we saw the demand grew but the jet fuel cracks also behaved in line with gasoil 
cracks. So, you saw cracks moderating from $33 to $26.5 but higher on year-on-year basis.  
 
Next slide.  
 
Gasoline year-on-year flat but you can see a very sharp jump that I referred to earlier on where gasoline cracks 
moved up from $5 earlier on $15. So, the demand was there a need to surge on because there were drop in 
exports by China because of increased domestic demand, and also significant turn-around amid storm in the 
US, led to imports. There so you saw gasoline cracks go up.  
 
This is just the year-on-year picture about what happened eventually between FY22 and FY23 as far as cracks 
are concerned. As you can see, gasoil denoted by blue line was significantly higher on the back of industrial 
activity, also on the back of lower exports from China. The LNG through the year being very high, meant that 
there was gas to oil switching, which again caused gasoil to be hire. And US sanctions on Russia had an impact 
that's why you can see $12 on average being about $41.  
 
on gasoline again benefiting from increased mobility and lower Chinese exports. And for ATF, again sharp jump 
from $9 to $33. And that's more due to the fact that travel has really coming in a big way and ATF is actually 
behaving in line with how gasoil markets behaved. So overall demand recovery, lower inventories in China, you 
know, that is the reason. 
 
In as far as operating performance is concerned, there was improvement in the primary and secondary units. 
As I was mentioning earlier on cracker feed was optimized on the back of lower US ethane prices. We continue 

 
 
 
 
17 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
to focus on differentiated and specialty polyester products. We have always mentioned about having zero 
dependence on LNG and that essentially continues. 
 
We did calibrate the aromatics production, basically it's a PX versus gasoline. That helped in terms of overall 
performance.  
 
This is just to highlight the fact that significant work and effort goes in terms of the sustainability aspect related 
to the petrochemical side. Both, on recycled polyester. It is on the recycled polyolefins, which is both PE and 
PP, essentially to make them sustainable. Also, a lot of effort going on in terms of chemical recycling of mixed 
waste plastics to pyrolysis oil. Then work going on bio-compostable material as an alternative to plastic bags. 
Phthalate-free catalyst, you know that is something that we are focusing on. A lot of effort and you can see a 
lot of products to that, you know that we have worked towards, which is I think in the long run will be extremely 
valuable. 
 
Next slide. 
 
This just, you know, talks about possible demand, margin, challenges. This is just list on a few of these things. 
In essence, from a demand point of view, the demand is up about 2 million barrels per day. And you know, most 
of the demand is expected from China, US, and India. And for reopening of Chinese economy could support 
product.  
 
The usual seasonal factors can come into play as far as driving season and tourism is concerned. And we saw 
the growth rates and polymer and polyester in FY23, and you know that really follows the economic growth 
trajectory. So that is probably the demand environment side.  
 
On the margin side, the new capacity is expected are coming more in the second half of 2023. There could be 
potential delays, but you know, and therefore we could see margins supported. Middle distillate cracks remain 
supported because of the Russian product ban by EU. 
 
On the petrochemical side, we saw the volatility in petrochemical side through FY23 and there the margins 
could be constrained by volatile feedstock prices and supply overhang.  
 
On challenges, we have to look out for, if oil production cuts were there, if oil prices were to go up and whether 
it has an impact on demand. You know, what one would look for increased product exports from China, as well 
as if US and EU were to contract because of broader slowdown, it has an impact. So, these are the factors that 
we will continue to monitor. 
 
Moving to the summary slide.  
 
I do want to conclude by saying that when you look at it was our best ever financial performance, delivering 
growth across businesses. I think that is a part I would like to emphasize.  
 
Energy business, benefited from a favourable fuel market. The fact that there was strong domestic demand and 
the fact that you know, we ran our operations in big form, and we were able to demonstrate the kind of flexibility 
that is required. 
 

 
 
 
 
18 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
On the consumer side, Jio as we saw delivered impressive performance with traction in both subscriber growth 
and data traffic, and on retail side as Dinesh highlighted, the retail footprint, the ramp-up in omni channel 
platforms and all of them you know delivering strong performance. 
 
Overall, when you look at it, you know as we think through our strategic objectives, it is all about strengthening 
the leadership in the consumer business with the accelerated 5G rollout, which is very significantly differentiated 
service offering. We are expanding our physical presence, logistics capabilities for New Commerce. Our 
continued focus on O2C cost position and more focused on, the kind of customer-centric solutions in O2C 
business.  
 
KG-D6 production as Sanjay highlighted, that will contribute 30% of India’s gas production and it is a key energy 
transition fuel. For us developing and very affordable renewable energy system, ensuring progress towards Net 
Zero, and importantly, that also is a big driver of earnings and growth we expect over the coming years. 
  
The point I will end by saying that as we pursue our strategic objectives, our investments will continue to follow 
our disciplined framework and will be largely funded internal accruals and I highlighted that point earlier on. We 
remain focused on maintaining superior investment grade ratings and then maintaining our net debt to EBITDA 
at less than one.  
 
All this we are going to be delivering for sure, that means strong balance sheet, strong earnings growth and in 
all our consumer businesses we see a long runway of growth.  
 
Thank you so much.  
 
