 
 
 
 
RL/SE/ 23-24/35 
 
May 8, 2023 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on April 28, 2023, with respect to 
corporate initiatives of Raymond Limited. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Director - Secretarial &  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI 
DARJI
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH MULJIBHAI 
DARJI 
Date: 2023.05.08 
23:06:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Corporate Initiative Conference Call” 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S L POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CFO 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
 
MR. J. MUKUND – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHIJEET KUNDU – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Raymond Limited Corporate Initiative 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in 
the Raymond's Corporate Initiative call. I have with me Mr. J. Mukund, who is the Head of 
Investor Relations of Raymond Limited. Without taking further time, I would like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Mukund. Over to you, Mukund. 
J Mukund: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Corporate 
Initiative Call of Raymond. I hope you would have received a copy of our presentation and 
media release. I would like to urge you to go through this along with the disclaimer slides. We 
have with us from senior management, Mr. S L Pokharna, Director of Raymond Limited; Mr. 
Amit Agarwal; Group CFO; Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head of Corporate Development. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to our Group CFO, Amit, who will give you a brief 
summary of the company's corporate initiative before we open up for Q&A. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mukund. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on this call. It 
gives me an immense pleasure to share that the Raymond Limited yesterday announced major 
corporate initiatives that will chart out a long-term growth trajectory at the group level with clear 
roadmap to shareholder value creation. These corporate actions are in line with our stated 
objective of making Raymond net debt-free and simplifying the group structure. These 
initiatives are sale of FMCG business to GCPL for a cash consideration of INR2,825 crores. 
Next, de-merger of lifestyle business from Raymond Limited into Raymond Consumer Care 
Limited and making it a pure play lifestyle listed net debt-free business. Achieving zero net debt-
free in both lifestyle and real estate entities with healthy liquidity for future growth.  
Now, let me give details about each of these initiatives. RCCL, which is Raymond Consumer 
Care Limited, has sold the FMCG business to Godrej Consumer Products Limited, GCPL, on a 
slump sale basis for a cash consideration of INR2,825 crores. The shareholding of RCCL is held 
by promoter with 49.7% share, Raymond Limited with 47.7% share and 2.66% with some of the 
other shareholders. 
Sale of the FMCG business is along with the trademarks of Park Avenue, specifically for FMCG 
category, KamaSutra, KS and Premium. We take pride in building strong homegrown brands 
that are amongst the leaders in their categories. Having brought these brands at the forefront of 
the consumer recall, we believe that GCPL will provide the requisite impetus to further drive the 
growth of these brands. RCCL will retain its condom manufacturing facility at Aurangabad and 
will continue to do B2B business for both domestic and international markets, including the 
contract manufacturing for GCPL for their KamaSutra brand. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Now let me talk on the Lifestyle Demerger Initiative. Yesterday, the Board of Directors of 
Raymond Limited, on recommendation of its Audit Committee, considered and approved the 
composite scheme of arrangements. The key highlights of the scheme include the demerger of 
the lifestyle business along with its assets and liabilities and debt into Raymond Consumer Care 
Limited, which is RCCL. 
The lifestyle business consists of Suitings business with its manufacturing plants, B2C shirting 
and MTM business, branded apparel with its portfolio of brands Raymond Ready to Wear, Park 
Avenue, ColorPlus, Parx and Ethnix by Raymond and subsidiaries include garmenting business 
with manufacturing facilities, B2B shirting business with its manufacturing plants will be 
demerged into Raymond Consumer Care Limited, which will become a pure play lifestyle 
business on a net debt free listed entity. 
Now let me talk about the Deleveraging Initiative. RCCL will receive a cash consideration on 
account of slump sale and demerger of lifestyle will be done along with all debt and assets and 
liabilities. The consideration after tax payment will be utilized to repay debt which will result 
into listed lifestyle business becoming net debt free. Raymond Limited, which will be primarily 
real estate business with investments in engineering and denim JV will also be a net debt free 
listed business. 
Now let me explain the shareholding structure post demerger of lifestyle business in RCCL. As 
per the composite scheme of arrangement by virtue of RGCTL being merged into RCCL and 
lifestyle being dismerged from Raymond Limited into RCCL will enable each Raymond 
shareholder to get four shares of RCCL for every five shares held of Raymond Limited. This is 
based on the swap ratio which has been arrived based on the valuation done by independent 
valuers KPMG and BDO along with a fairness opinion issued by ICICI securities and approved 
by the board of directors of both the companies. 
Currently the shareholding in Raymond Limited stands with 49.1% of the promoter and balance 
50.9% by public. Post this demerger initiative the shareholding in Raymond Limited will 
continue to remain same. Now shareholding in the RCCL which is the demerged lifestyle 
business would be promoter at 54.87% and public at 45.13%. The increase in the shareholding 
of promoter in RCCL is due to promoter's holding of 49.8% in the FMCG business which has 
been sold for INR2,825 crores. The promoter will be allotted 73 lakh shares for their value in 
the FMCG business post tax estimated at INR1,100 crores which translates into promoter being 
issued shares at approximately INR1,450 per share in the RCCL which is the demerged lifestyle 
business. 
This also reflects the promoter commitment towards Raymond business by infusing 100% of 
their share of sale proceeds of FMCG into the RCCL business which is the demerged lifestyle 
business. With this transaction the promoter shall have invested over INR1400 crores in the 
business through asset monetization in the last four years. This will enable the utilization of sale 
proceeds of the FMCG business in repaying debt of demerged lifestyle business leading into 
lifestyle becoming a net debt free pure play B2C business in RCCL and with surplus cash being 
available as a growth capital. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Now let me discuss about the businesses in Raymond Ltd. Post demerger of lifestyle business, 
the real estate business becomes the umbrella business of the company along with investment in 
engineering business through 100% subsidiary JK Files and Engineering Ltd. and in denim 
business through Raymond UCO Denim Limited which is a joint venture. Also I would like to 
highlight that we had earlier initiated 100% subsidiarization of real estate business to capitalize 
on its strengths as it had become a sustainable independent business. 
However, now this is not required with the current scheme of arrangement as Raymond Ltd. is 
now becoming predominantly a real estate business. Overall to sum up, post completion of sale 
transaction RCCL with lifestyle business will be a pure play branded consumer listed company 
with the following segments branded textile, branded apparel, garmenting and high value cotton 
shirting. 
Raymond Ltd. will continue to be listed entity predominantly a real estate company with 
investment in engineering and denim business. This move will create a clear demarcation of 
lifestyle and other businesses leading to simplification of the group structure. As mentioned 
earlier, promoter strongly believes in the business and has demonstrated the same by deploying 
proceeds from their shareholding in the business. And over the period of 4 years, the promoter 
company has put in approximately INR1,400 crores in the businesses through the asset 
monetization that being land sale and current FMCG business divestiture. 
Through a combination of free cash flows generated from the business and the promoter group 
contribution, we will not only be achieving the status of becoming a net debt free much ahead 
of the stated two years of time as our target. With consolidated net debt of INR932 crores as on 
31st of December 2022 and net of tax realization of approximately INR2,200 crores on sale of 
FMCG business will lead to approx. surplus cash of INR1,300 crores in the Raymond group on 
a pro forma basis which will be available for growth and expansion plans for the Raymond 
group. 
To conclude, I would like to state that we have been able to achieve this right at the beginning 
of this current fiscal and we are hopeful that going forward we will be able to deliver value for 
all of our stakeholders and as we inch towards our centenary year in 2025, the brand Raymond 
is set to achieve many more milestones. Thank you. 
Now we will be opening the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon team and congratulations, many congratulations on the transaction. So 
first question, if you can give some color on the timelines on two things. Firstly, how much time 
do you think this separate listing of RCCL will take? And secondly, what is the time period in 
which you think we can repay our debts and start saving on the interest cost as to by when you 
think the money will come in and we will be able to become completely debt free? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you, Himanshu. The first one, separate listing, demerger, you know, it is a process 
through the NCLT and through the regulatory process what we have understood with our various 
advisors, consultants, that it takes anything between 12 to 14 months. So that's a time frame 
which will be required in order to become a listed entity for the lifetime. 
As far as the money is concerned, as you know, we are targeting in a very short order that the 
money will come into the RCCL on the cash consideration for the slump sale, which will be 
quickly used to repay the debt so that we will start getting the benefit of the interest cost right in 
this quarter itself. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. The second bit you said there would be INR1,300 crores approximately of net cash in the 
group. So any rough idea you can give as to the division between Raymond and RCCL, how 
much cash would be there in Raymond and how much would go to, would be there in RCCL? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So that, as I said, that INR1,300 crores was based on the pro forma numbers as on 31st of March. 
You know, we are yet to announce our results for the fourth quarter. So the exact numbers, what 
will be announced post 31st of March results will let you know that how much money will be in 
each of these entities. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
But would it be a fair assumption that predominantly the existing debt would be for the apparel 
related businesses and the current cash balance that we would have would predominantly lie in 
the real estate and engineering businesses? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Absolutely. And that's what we have always said that primarily the debt is that the group is for 
the lifestyle business, which has a large working capital requirement and such things. And the 
real estate, as we have always mentioned, it is a cash flow, significant cash is sitting because of 
the sales velocity and the milestones we have achieved very, very quickly, which is two years 
ahead of RERA we have delivered that has actually helped us to remain a cash flow, net cash 
flow positive or net debt positive. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it. And next one would be, I mean, I know it might be too early to ask, but have you decided 
on the allocation of this cash that you're going to get? Because I believe real estate, we are going 
in an asset light model and engineering, my business might also not be requiring too much cash. 
So we do we intend to distribute it to shareholders or have we looked, are we exploring any other 
plans to utilize this INR1,300 crores that we will get? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So look, at this juncture it is a little too premature, but we have clearly outlined in our other 
discussion that we have a large growth plan across all of our businesses. And we really want to 
take this business to a different level and pursue a strong, a higher growth rate. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
And final question is on this FMCG, I mean, does our existing top leadership in the FMCG 
business stay or will that be completely going to GCPL? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, so what we have clearly understood and agreed with GCPL is that the entire team is going 
along with the business to GCPL. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay, including the top leadership? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Yes. The CEO, we are just retaining the CEO of that business with us. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. Got it, sir. That's it from me and congratulations again and all the best. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Yes, so thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is with regards to, you know, in 2020, 
we had come up with a restructuring and we had indicated that the B2C business, B2C shirting 
business had some legal issues due to which we could not demerge that business. So is there any 
issues with that? Is that continuing? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, there are no issues around that and we have reviewed that situation. You're right at that point 
of time, there were certain issues which we have been able to resolve and we see very clear path 
for doing a demerger of entire B2C, B2B business of shirting as well in this process. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. And so my second question would be with regards to, you know, what would be the 
component of the working capital debt of the total debt that we have in our bookseller right now? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, you look today, the most of the, there has not been a significant capex in the last four, 
five years. So the capex debt for the project is very small. Primarily, it is mostly related to the 
working capital of the business. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. So, so major chunk of the INR2,000 crores would be for the working capital of the 
business, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. Yes, that's it from me. I'll come back. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, INR2,000 crores is a gross debt. Our net debt stood at INR930 crores as on 31st of 
December. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And the cash position that we had in the Raymond Limited, would that also be transferred into 
the RCCL business or would it remain with Raymond Limited? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So as we mentioned that the cash, we will have to do all those allocations, debt transfers, and 
accordingly, once the 31st December is complete, sorry, 31st March, numbers are completed. 
And then because this demerger will be effective 1.4.23, based on that balance sheet, we will 
come out and talk to all of you about the exact split between the cash, debt, and so on so forth, 
into the two companies between the Raymond Limited and the Raymond Consumer Care 
Limited. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. Yes, that's it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from Nuvama Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity and many congratulations for the deal. My first question is related 
to the contract manufacturing business, which we will be retaining in the FMCG space. So right 
now or before this deal, were we doing any contract manufacturing stuff or the entire 
manufacturing for our own consumption? And going forward, what could be the revenue and 
EBITDA that we can generate from this business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
You look at it, the condom manufacturing facility which we have at Aurangabad. Primarily 
supplies almost 50% to 55% for the KamaSutra brand. And the balance 45%-50% is for the B2B 
businesses in the domestic and in the international markets. So that is the business which we are 
retaining. And we are not giving the split as we speak today of that between the B2B businesses, 
what kind of a revenue.  
There is a small margin which we make on the B2B business as well. 
Nishant Sharma: 
So, just now earlier 50 to 55, which we are using for KamaSutra, now that is also available for 
B2B business. Is that okay? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, no. As I said, whatever is the requirement for KamaSutra brand, we will supply on a contract 
manufacturing to GCPL. So, that capacity is clearly going to them for the purposes of contract 
manufacturing. The balance 40-45, which we were doing a B2B business for the third party 
customer, we will continue to do that. So, effectively, there is no change in terms of the mix 
between the KamaSutra brand as well as the B2B brand. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, understood. So here, the number of which we were referring on the FY’23 or FY’22 basis 
for FMCG, that includes this revenue as well. Is that a correct understanding? Revenue from the 
contract manufacturing piece? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Nishant Sharma: 
So, that number is also included in FY’22 sales. Okay. And right now, it would be difficult to 
get that number, what is exactly for contract manufacturing. Okay, sir, thank you. Second 
question is pertaining to the real estate business. There, sir, we have about 60 acre of land, if I'm 
not wrong, which is to be utilized. What sort of a developable area or a saleable area could be 
on this land? Will that be possible to share? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, look, very clearly, we have 60 acres of land, which is completely developable. Now, you 
know, it depends on the way we construct it. So, the FSIs are available. I think what we had 
calculated last time when we did this math, a year back or so, I think it was 7 million to 8 million 
square feet, which is still we can construct on that. But you know, it is always dependent which 
mix use, whether you do a retail, whether you do office complex, whether you do residential. 
So, all these have a different degrees or varies in terms of developable and a saleable space. So 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
that's what we're talking about 7 million to 8 million square feet was based on a residential 
number. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, and the existing piece where we have like in 10x, we have another 0.74 million of saleable 
area. And in case of Address By GS, we have another 0.3 million square feet of area. So, in what 
phase, I mean, what is the construction cost remaining for these area? And what has been the 
historical construction cost for us? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, no, listen, in terms of this detail, you see today, the call will be focused primarily on this 
transaction. So, we would not like to get into that what is remaining because I will talk about 
remaining only with a 31st March call, because things have changed from a 31st December to 
31st March. We have constructed, we have sold. So, I think it is appropriate these operational 
quarterly numbers and such things should be done in the financial results call for the fourth 
quarter. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Okay, now, so just wanted to understand the breakup, how the new businesses will pan out going 
forward. That's the whole idea to understand. Thank you. I appreciate and I'll have a same clarity 
during the quarterly call. Thank you. I'll fall back in queue, sir. Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, in any case, just to give you the perspective, in our numbers, which we give the segment 
numbers, very clearly it is outlined, what is the revenue generated out of the reality business that 
can tell you exactly that what these two projects are delivering the revenues. 
Nishant Sharma: 
Sure, thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chaitanya Rao, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Chaitanya Rao: 
Just two short questions, sir. First of all, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on 
the sales. My question was regarding, actually, I am a new investor in your company. And just 
looking at the previous years of your listing, I came to know about the, that you were also eyeing 
for the sale of ColorPlus and your engineering business. So, but that didn't materialize. So, are 
you still looking for that or they will be housed in the new listed entity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, I think, I can't comment on the speculation which has been done in the past. Absolutely very 
clear. We are very focused on the brands to build and create. And as we have earlier outlined 
also, we are having a very large retail expansion plan, which also include our marquee brand of 
ColorPlus. So, we will be opening more EVOs for the ColorPlus and expanding that retail 
expansion. Similar is the case with the Park Avenue apparel, which we are going to expand. 
Chaitanya Rao: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Sir, my question was with regards to what is the value at which the shares in RCCL would be 
valued at? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, so what I explained earlier that, the promoter has got or will be allotted to share at INR1,450 
per share in the RCCL demerged Lifestyle business. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay, and for the public, public also would be at INR1,450? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, exactly same. There is no difference. So, there is a very little number for the public because 
as far as the shareholding which, so if you look at it in the RCCL, first the shareholders of 
Raymond Limited because of the demerger will get four shares of RCCL for every five shares 
held into Raymond Limited. So, that is number one. Post that that the promoter and small number 
of public shareholders in the FMCG business will also get shares at INR1,450 rupees in RCCL. 
That would make that the shareholding, resultant shareholding in RCCL is 54.87% for the 
promoter and 45.13% for the public. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal for closing 
comments. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you very much. Look forward talking to all of you in next few days when we 
announce our fourth quarter results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Raymond Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
