 
 
 
 
 
 
January 30, 2023 
                                                                                                       
DGM – Corporate Relations  
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Plot No. C-1, Block G 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings’ Conference Call on Q3 - FY 2022-23 results. 
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated January 21, 2023, intimating the schedule of Earnings 
Conference call on Wednesday, January 25, 2023, for discussion on the results for Q3 of FY 2022-23. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of the above said Earnings 
Conference Call held on January 25, 2023, which has been uploaded on the website of the Company. 
The transcript of the Earnings Conference Call can be accessed on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.tataelxsi.com/investors.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Best Regards,  
 
For Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
 
Cauveri Sriram 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Cauveri Sriram
Digitally signed by 
Cauveri Sriram 
Date: 2023.01.30 
18:59:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Tata Elxsi Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call.” 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ RAGHAVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAI – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER AND 
CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MS. CAUVERI SRIRAM – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHASHANK GANESH – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tata Elxsi Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shashank Ganesh from EY. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Shashank Ganesh: 
Thank you very much, Faizan. Good afternoon, and good evening to all the participants on the 
call. Good morning, if you're joining from the Western side. Before we proceed to the call, let 
me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve 
known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Therefore, it must be viewed in 
conjunction with the businesses that would cause further result performance or achievements 
that differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the senior management 
of Tata Elxsi, represented by Mr. Manoj Raghavan, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Nitin Pai, 
Chief Marketing and Chief Strategy Officer, Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, Chief Financial Officer, and Ms. 
Cauveri Sriram, Company Secretary. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the past quarter by Mr. Raghavan, followed by a 
Q&A session. Having said that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Raghavan. Over 
to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, Shashank. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the Q3 earnings call this 
evening. Wishing you all a very successful and prosperous 2023. I'm glad to report that in a 
challenging macroeconomic and business environment across regions and markets, we have 
reported a steady quarter with healthy growth in revenues and net profit and improvement in our 
margins as compared to last quarter.  
Our revenues from operations during the third quarter stood at INR 817.7 crores, a quarter-on-
quarter growth of 7.2% and a Y-o-Y growth of 28.7%. Our EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 
246.9 crores, growing by 9% quarter-on-quarter. Our PAT for the quarter stood at INR 194.7 
crores, growing 11.7% Q-on-Q. In constant currency terms, the company grew 3.5%.  
We continue to lead design with our industrial design business, reporting a 19% quarter-on-
quarter growth in constant currencies. This business continues to help us differentiate our 
offerings, seed entries into new projects and customers and set the foundation for larger 
downstream development projects.  
SI business continues on its path of transformation and registered a healthy growth of 9.3% 
quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms. It's building the foundation for what we call the 
run services, including tools, infrastructure and operation support, to help engineering teams 
develop and deploy products into the market. This includes support for some of the platforms 
that we have built and licensed.  
EPD division grew by 1.6% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms. Within EPD, if you 
look at it, we are witnessing sustained growth momentum in our transportation segment which 
reported strong growth of 7.3% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency terms. During the 
quarter, we not only continued to scale with our existing customers but also won some strategic 
multi-year deals, including an STB program with a global OEM software organization and an 
offshore center of excellence for an EV systems leader from the US market. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Our Media and Telecom and Healthcare business units saw some impact of furloughs and 
delayed edition making. Also, this being a seasonally weak and shorter quarter, there was some 
impact on our Q-o-Q business growth. In constant currency terms, the Media Communication 
business witnessed a decline of 2.6% Q-o-Q basis.  
Our Healthcare and Medical Devices business unit revenues declined by 1.9% Q-o-Q, but 
overall, in both of these businesses, we have done well to protect our business and position 
ourselves strongly for upcoming deals. We have also won key deals in strategic areas such as 
ad-tech and healthcare platform development that underscores the differentiation we bring to the 
customers. 
On the people front, we continue to do well with employee engagement and retention, with 
attrition declining for the third consecutive quarter to 18.4%. Our investments in hiring and 
training a large number of fresh engineers who joined us in the last quarter and before are 
actually starting to pay dividends as more and more of them are getting onboarded into customer 
projects. We will continue to add fresh engineers over the next four quarters and laterals in key 
lead portions across deliveries, technology and sales. 
As we move to the last quarter of this financial year, at an overall company level, we have a 
strong order book and a pretty healthy pipeline across key markets. So I strongly believe that we 
have a good story here. I'll now hand over the floor to Shashank for the Q&A session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Good set of results and congratulations to the management. Two questions. Firstly, the 
weakness, you saw in media and health care verticals, is this over? Or do you expect some 
furloughs to continue into 4Q as well? So what's the outlook on these two verticals going 
forward? And the second question was on the wage cycle. If I remember correctly, last year we 
had wages in March and June quarters. So how are we looking at a wage cycle this year? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So regarding both the Media and Communication and healthcare verticals. We believe it will 
continue to be soft for a quarter or two, especially the Media and Communication vertical. In the 
healthcare vertical, we are a lot more bullish, we should be able to recover much faster. And we 
are seeing deals coming back. So I think we'll wait and watch. Regarding the wage cycle, our 
next hike will be in Q1 and then based on how the deals flow in Q4, we'll take a decision, but 
the wage hike is currently planned for Q1 next year. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
And lastly, the ESOP plan volume introduced, any early comments on how much impact this 
will make on the margins? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, I think there won't be a very significant impact. We'll cover it up with our operational 
excellence. Once we talk to regulators, we will be able to disclose a lot more in the coming days. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Apurva Prasad: 
Manoj, I had a question on the IDV business. Now it seems that nearly half the growth has come 
from IDV sequentially. It seems counterintuitive looking at its historical cyclicality and the 
current macro. So it'll be good to know what's driving growth here. Are there more synergy deals 
here with EPD? Or are these standalone deals outside the traditional transportation/media 
verticals? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Good question, Apurva, and for folks who have been listening to our commentary, we have been 
restructuring our design business over the last four quarters. We have done a lot of things to 
really scale that business. If you look at it on a quarterly run rate basis as compared to maybe a 
couple of years ago, we have almost gone up 2.5x, so over the two years, we have really done a 
number of things to really grow that business.  
And whatever we are seeing now is a result of all those initiatives that we have taken. Design 
business continues to win design digital deals for the company across our key verticals and also 
helps us seed larger development opportunities across the various verticals. So I think definitely, 
there is a lot of cross synergies with our current verticals. 
We are pushing a lot more design digital deals in the three major EPD verticals. Of course, IDV 
also has their own customers outside of these three verticals. So that's something that definitely 
is positive. There is a lot of focus and emphasis on design aspects that are AR/VR-related, 
training-related and worker productivity, along with a number of other things that we are doing 
that is really combining the design capability along with the engineering capabilities that we 
have. 
So yes, we have grown the breakup of our verticals, primarily for the EPD division. IDV also 
contributes to the automotive, media and to healthcare verticals. So, at some point in time, we 
will take the decision of showing the real picture of the total revenues, including EPD and IDV 
in each of these three verticals. That's something that we have not been doing, but we are really 
looking at it. Now that IDV is scaling, I think it makes sense at some point in time to really show 
the overall revenues, both EPD and IDV, put together for the three major verticals that we have. 
Apurva Prasad: 
And my second question is on the top 5, which was flat sequentially. So is the performance 
uniform across the top 5? Or is it more top-client-specific? And if you could talk about what's 
the outlook and the funnel in this? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No. If you look at the top 5, it's not been flat. While the top 5 has grown, the growth has been 
slower than the next 5 and the next 20. So the growth that we have shown in this quarter has 
primarily been driven by customers outside the top 5. But the top 5 have also grown. You should 
also note that our top 5 accounts are bringing large revenues to the organization. And in a few 
cases, we have had furloughs and the impact of furloughs is also factored into the revenues that 
we have shown. So, to that extent, yes, you must have seen some slowdowns and so on. But the 
top 5 has grown. It's not flat. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Congratulations on a strong quarter in considerably challenging macros. Sir, my first question 
was on margins. So last quarter, we had a fairly strong hiring. And the expectation was that there 
will be some cost effect into this particular quarter. However, that has not really happened, if 
you look at the overall employee cost as a percentage of sales.  
Also, there is a reduction in employee costs given the fact that we were facing supply pressure, 
especially in the automotive piece. So if you could just help us reconcile this. And also, I just 
wanted to check, again on margins, would it be fair to say that our IDV business, the margins 
over there are slightly above company average?  
Manoj Raghavan: 
The second question, is about IDV margins. I think we wouldn't want to disclose the margins at 
this point in time. Margins vary from deal to deal and IDV is a smaller business, so sometimes 
we are very aggressive to get that business and then build on it because it is not just the design 
business, but also downstream engineering. So we know that as an overall entity, we can make 
better margins. So it will be misleading if we really look at only IDV and say whether the margin 
is good or not. There are cases of standalone IDV deals where margins are extremely good.  
So it's a mixed bag, and it will be misleading if I give you a commentary that margins are great. 
But we don't look at it in that way. We look at it as a combined entity, how IDV really helps 
EPD and EPD customers and we look at account margins, not so much about whether IDV 
margin is better or EPD margin is better. But the first question coming back, I really couldn't get 
the context, if you could repeat that? 
Vimal Gohil: 
I'll just repeat that. The question was that the second quarter had very strong hiring. So the 
expectation was that there will be some costs that will pass through in this quarter; and there 
could be some pressure on margins before the margins improve going forward. But improvement 
has just come slightly better. So what helped that? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
So there are a few things there. I think you rightly mentioned that there is some tailwind from 
the past quarter’s hiring because we will have that full quarter impact of this in quarter 3 
compared to quarter 2 for both campuses along with the intake in quarter 2. But to offset that, I 
think we have superior topline growth and the people that we brought in across the previous 
quarter, have started to improve our utilization and those people have been put into the billable 
projects this quarter.  
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. And apart from what Gaurav said, we've also had a reduction in more expensive 
consultants. Because of the situation in the market, we had contractors that we had hired. So 
we've actually reduced the contractor’s headcount, and we've replaced them with our permanent 
employees at a lower cost. So I think these factors helped us to show better margins. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from Aegis Federal Life Insurance. 
Urmil Shah: 
Congrats on a good quarter. So my first question is, if we look at the business from a medium-
term point of view with the transformation that we are undergoing on our SI business, should 
we look at it from the perspective of IT services companies wherein our SI business should 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
enable us to drive cost savings for our clients? And that budget could be channelized towards 
the EPD business. And if that is the case, which of the areas are we already seeing at least a 
discussion starting to happen? 
Nitin Pai: 
Urmil, this is Nitin here. If you think about what transformation we are driving with SI, we don't 
want it to be orthogonal, in the sense that we do not want to try and grow it in conventional IT 
services and professional services areas. We are aligning it to the engine of EPD itself. We are 
in product engineering and more-and-more products are now getting connected therefore, the 
cycle of development is going to become a continuous integration and continuous deployment. 
In some sense, like your connected car platforms, the digital health platforms or OTT, where 
you have constant updates of the software on the product, we want to be able to not just deliver 
the product that is on the assembly line. We also want to be able to manage the assembly line 
that is delivering it.  
So to that extent, the DevOps engineers that are required below the plumbing and the 
infrastructure that is required to deliver this continuous integration is what we are focusing on. 
So in that sense, we are aligning it very strongly to complete the story for product engineering 
and to say that we are future ready for products that are going to be deployed and updated and 
managed continuously. 
Urmil Shah: 
Thanks. Coming to my second question, you sound quite positive on the IDV business, should 
we understand it in a manner where the visibility which was there two years before has increased 
drastically? And that's why the growth over there should be much more consistent as compared 
to what it was two years before? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
The visibility is definitely better. The synergies are playing out better now between IDV and 
EPD. But at the same time, I should warn you that it's still a small business. So, you should really 
not see it from a quarter-to-quarter basis, you should look at it from a financial year perspective. 
How have we performed last financial year versus this financial year, you have to look at it from 
a four-quarter basis.  
It will be misleading if you really look at it from a quarter-to-quarter basis because they still do 
a lot of project-based engagements. There are deals that come in and once the deals are closed 
and we deliver, delays enter before next deal kicks in, and so on. So to that extent, there could 
still be a little bit of volatility and so on. But definitely, we are much better as compared to two 
years ago. 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. I think just to add to what Manoj said, I think I can just drive three directions. One is the 
synergy part. We are saying, look, try to minimize standalone deals, which do not lead to larger 
downstream. So aligned to the verticals that you are in, let's scale in health care projects in HMI 
and UX and car automotive projects. Let's focus on delivering engagement and UI and 
experience for OTT and for media. So the point being that there, there is really a downstream 
play, and there is a continuous play as we continue to work with its customers even in 
deployment and downstream engineering. So that's the synergy piece.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Two is, I think we are selectively scaling around a set of customers. While earlier, we dealt with 
a whole lot of customers; we are starting to cull the number of customers we work with and start 
to build a base of fairly dependable customers, even if not dependable set of projects. So there 
are two, three things that we're doing that helps us mute volatility while providing for scale. But 
I think on the other hand, like Manoj said, there may be volatility at times. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Bothra, an Individual Investor. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers once again, and also congratulations to the 
management team for getting the board approval from the share-based incentive plans. My first 
question is regarding our recent announcement that on our TETHER platform, 5 lakh vehicles 
have been registered. To Mr. Nitin, my question is, if you can throw some more light on it, from 
5 lakh to 10 lakh, 15 lakh or 20 lakh vehicles on this data platform growth, how will this help us 
in terms of revenue and performance?  
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So rather than Nitin, I'll take it. So yes, I think what we have published is only the TML 
deal. There are other deals also that we have won on the platform. And each deal is different; 
some deals are more NRE-focused. And then there are change requests to scale up the platform 
to meet larger numbers, we go back, and we do additional work; revenue streams come in and 
so on. Some of the deals are less of NRE and more of royalties per car. So in those deals, as the 
volumes grow, definitely, it is a non-linear revenue stream that we get. So we have a mix of that. 
So definitely, as the installations in the number of cars increase, there will be a lot more revenue 
either because the platform itself needs to be scaled up, and there are changes that we need to 
undertake to address the larger numbers that we are onboarding. Or, in some cases, plainly, it is 
a royalty per car deal. So as the volumes increase, the revenues also increase. 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. Maybe I'll just add to that. I think to look at the press release as an indication and the 
declaration of the market that one, we have reached a scale of 0.5 million cars, which is very 
difficult, to achieve in all markets. It demonstrates the power and scalability of the platform. But 
what is even more interesting is that we have now onboarded commercial vehicles, gasoline-
powered or IC engines, as well as pure EV vehicles onto the platform. So what we're telling the 
market clearly is that across product types and product ranges, we are now able to handle any 
kind of connected vehicles, not even a connected car, but a connected vehicle need. So for us, 
the real benefits of the press release are going to be the deals that we signed further rather than 
what we get from Tata Motors itself. 
Naveen Bothra: 
And the next question is to Mr. Gaurav regarding our overall human resource cost, the direct 
employee cost is direct line item. And as in the earlier questions, Mr. Manoj said that we have 
replaced the outside contractors’ cost with our own staff. So Mr. Gaurav, can you throw some 
more light on the consultant cost in other expenses to get a better understanding about overall 
the cost of employees and consultants in our sales and revenue mix?  
Gaurav Bajaj: 
Sure. As I mentioned earlier and what Manoj also said, the people that we took in the previous 
quarter, now are trained and those people are put to the billable projects. And with that, we were 
able to replace the contractor with our own billable people. If you see the employee cost is an 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
equation of some of the tailwinds from the previous quarter, some cost increase because of the 
on-site resources, because of the exchange increase in the currencies and also, it's a mix of the 
utilization improvement compared to the previous quarter. So in a way, if you see the employee 
cost plus the contractor cost, that tailwind is kind of getting offset with the utilization and the 
contract reduction. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Because in the direct cost, we are seeing in the TTM basis, more than 1% improvement is there 
in the employee cost. But since the cost of contractors and all the outsourcing agencies are in the 
other expenses, if you can throw a little bit more light in financial terms, it will be quite helpful. 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
 
It will be about 50 to 60 basis points. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Ravi Naredi: 
How do we plan to utilize the funds resting with the company? How do we utilize them for 
organic or inorganic growth, or do we distribute the gain? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
Okay. So basically, utilization is done at the time of the quarter 4. That is when we come up with 
our policy. And typically, what we have done in the previous quarter is that we have paid out 
the dividend. This time also, we will do internal discussion with the Board. And in the due 
course, during the end of the last quarter of the year, we will get back as what would be the stand 
for this year. 
Ravi Naredi: 
 
Any inorganic growth acquisition in plan? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So that option is always there. And again, just want to make it clear that, look, we will 
really go that route only if we are fully convinced that really helps us. Any of those inorganic 
activity should not decelerate our current performance. So there are many considerations. There 
are many deals that come our way, but we will look at those that really help us achieve our 
objectives. So yes, so we keep on the lookout. There's nothing to report at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Matani from Mahesh Kumar & Company. 
Mayur Matani: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I have two questions. One is regarding our 
employee addition. So during the end of the first quarter, we had mentioned that we plan to hire 
about 4,000 to 5,000 employees in the current year. And this quarter, we had seen that the net 
employee addition is negative. So I would like to know what are the plans for the employee 
additions in the next three months and the year going forward? Because generally, it is taken as 
a lead indicator as to what demand we foresee going ahead. And second is with regards to the 
geographic mix. Contrary to the expectations, the European region did better than the US market. 
So can you give some comments on that also? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Sure. I think we have to be very pragmatic about employee additions. Yes, in Q1, we were in a 
good position. We really believed that we will be able to add 4,000-plus engineers and so on. 
And as a result, if you look at it, in Q1 and Q2, we did add a significant number of employees, 
headcounts and so on. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
But in Q3, we had to be a little careful because of the macro economic situation, the market and 
also the fact that when you bring in so many employees, it's not a question of just bringing 
employees. It's also a question of how do you train them and how do you enable them to move 
in billable roles and so on.  
So we had our hands full. We realized the numbers were pretty significant and we really decided 
that we need to take a pause there in Q3. But having said that, from Q4 and the subsequent 
quarters, we will continue hiring and whatever we talked about. Even from a fresher hiring 
perspective, we'll definitely add anywhere between 400 to 500 engineers per quarter over the 
next four quarters. And we will continue to add laterals depending on the business. So yes, 
employee hiring will definitely continue. From a geo mix perspective, yes, Europe definitely did 
well. And as you would have guessed, Europe is a lot more automotive for us and US is a lot 
more media and health care. 
So to that extent, if you look at it, the macro economic situation that is really working, affecting 
us in the MCV and the HLS business is more US-centric. And as a result, the US growth is 
slightly lower as compared to EU growth. 
Mayur Matani: 
And when do you see the recovery in media vertical? Because right now also, the situation is 
not that great. So when do you see the pickup in the media vertical? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think we are closely watching the media vertical. We believe there are no easy answers there. 
It will take some more time, but we are a lot more confident that the medical/healthcare vertical 
will pick up faster. So maybe a couple of quarters more for the media vertical. We will wait and 
watch there. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Hiren Ved from Alchemy Capital Management. 
Hiren Ved: 
This is Hiren here from Alchemy at the outset. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My 
question is that we've had a very smart growth in the automotive vertical this quarter, which has 
done the heavy lifting for the other two verticals. Do you expect to see the continued momentum 
in automotive like we've seen in Q3, while the other verticals take time to take off? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
See, that's the strength of Tata Elxsi, right. A year ago or 12 months ago, the situation was totally 
reversed. It was MCV and medical that were pulling up and the transportation business was 
going down. So we strongly believe in having a good portfolio of service offerings which are 
relevant for the market. There could be temporary issues for a quarter or 2 in some of these 
verticals.  
But overall, we strongly believe that these three verticals, along with the strong design digital 
push that we have, gives us a lot of confidence that as an organization, we are well poised to 
really address the requirements of our customers. And that is what we would really focus on. 
We are really not worried about these slowdowns, due to reasons not related to Tata Elxsi such 
as the funding situation, the macroeconomic situation, the war and some other things that can 
happen out of our control.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
But overall, we still strongly believe in the relevance of our service offerings and in our design 
digital positioning that we have. And we strongly believe that, it's a matter of time before we 
recover in both the Medical and the Media and Communication business. So I think, yes, overall, 
I still believe you talked about the transportation business. We do definitely see a good order 
book and good pipeline there. But at the same time, we also know that there are risks; you talked 
about Europe. You talk about the fact that it’s anybody's guess about how this war would go. 
Automotive business is heavily Europe-centric, so that is also true. But at the same time, there 
are customers that are really spending. So we don't see an immediate degrowth or anything 
happening there at this point in time. And I think, yes, we are confident that we will continue 
our growth. 
Hiren Ved: 
And my second question is that the benefits that we accrued from better utilization and moving 
some of our own employees versus contractors - do you think we still have some scope to 
squeeze efficiencies and margins for that in Q4 as well, or whatever we had to obtain is already 
done in Q3? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No. Of course, our utilization is still not where we want it to be. So there are still operational 
parameters that we need to focus on. There is still more juice that we can extract. So definitely, 
no, it's not that everything is done. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Congrats on a good quarter. So my first question was on the software-defined vehicle deal which 
you have announced, I wanted to get some sense there. Is this engagement substantially larger 
than what we have been seeing historically in typical deal sizes? And do we have similar deals 
which are floating in our pipeline? Also, if you can just highlight competitive intensity for such 
deals, and how is Tata Elxsi positioned to drive multiple deals of such type. 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So Akshay, this is Nitin here. So let me take that question. For us, this is a strategic entry 
rather than a size aspect. So to that extent, we have been onboarded into the next-generation 
software development platform that this particular OEM is developing. We have just been 
onboard into a few modules. We already are looking at deals that are sitting in the pipeline for 
the same customer, covering a lot more modules. So to that extent, for us, what is happening is 
we made a start. We're already in some areas. It is just for us to continue to grow. The highlight 
is actually about the entry into that particular customer because we've not had them in the 
software organization before. And we see a long runway ahead. As far as your question on other 
deals concerned, the pipeline for auto is very strong. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
And another question was on margins. Last quarter, we saw frontloading of cost, which was led 
by some investments which we made in our talent, which also impacted margins sharply. Now 
this quarter, looks like we have stabilized on that investment and improved it quite a bit. So I 
wanted to understand, do you have any investment pipeline over the next in two to four quarters 
which can impact margins. Excluding that, on an organic basis, how should we expect these 
operational efficiencies of increasing utilization to aid margins? How should I think about the 
margin trajectory going forward? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
When we hire freshers from the colleges, typically, they would come in, in large numbers either 
in Q2 or Q3, depending on the business needs. That is when the impact of the large headcount 
will happen in our business. So we have already done that for this financial year. So yes, if it all, 
it will happen only again in the next financial year. And that's a hit we need to take because that's 
how our business is and that's how we plan for resources. In one quarter, we need to take that 
hit, and we'll get the benefits of that over the subsequent few quarters. So apart from that, Gaurav, 
if you have any views on that? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
No, I think that would be the investment we typically do every year in terms of the intake and 
then we train them and that is how the forward-looking investment is done from our side. Apart 
from that, I think we will continue to work on the other operating levers to neutralize that impact 
of those costs from the intake that happens typically in the first two quarters of the financial 
year, along with the growth that we will be able to achieve with those billable people. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
And if I can squeeze in one for Gaurav. So our ATR has been hovering at about this 19%, 20% 
range for the past three quarters. So is that a sustainable range going forward? Or do you expect 
any of these SEZ benefits to reverse over the next year or 2? How should one think about that? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
So we have not done the assessment for the two years but for this year, the effective tax rate will 
continue to be in this range. But yes, in the coming year, there will be a couple of SEZ units that 
will be coming out of the first block of 100% exemption. At the same time, we are looking at 
how to continue expansion and the growth of volumes in some SEZ units which will still have 
a higher exemption limit of 100%. We have to do that modeling for the coming year, but that 
will happen along with our business units. I think that's what we can tell at this point of time. In 
the coming quarters, we will let you know more on it. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from PhillipCapital. 
Karan Uppal: 
Just one question for Manoj. So in comms and media vertical, is the weakness concentrated to a 
few large accounts? Or is it broad-based across the customers? And also, I believe that our top 
client is from this vertical. So what's happening in our top client? Is it also showing some 
weakness? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So we did have some furlough impact in the quarter from the top customer. This impact is 
not only from the top customer perspective, it is at least the top 10 accounts. It's not as if the 
deals are not there, but we are not seeing the large opportunities moving forward, rather most of 
those deals are broken up into smaller deals. So there is caution in the market definitely. We 
used to have a lot more order book visibility in this business, but right now, we see that large 
funnel breaking into smaller funnels. So that's how it is. But I think it's a question of a few 
quarters; the relationships are still intact. The intent from customers is also there. Especially with 
layoffs and other things happening, the customers are just waiting and watching. They don't want 
to take any large investment decision at this point in time, I guess, in a couple of quarters, we'll 
get better clarity. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Anika Mittal: 
Just a simple question on the demand outlook in the medium term across all the segments that 
we are currently operating in, sir? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
See, again, demand outlook is pretty strong. If you look at the automotive business, if you look 
at our entire design business, we continue to see very strong order book. Media and 
Communication, it's a little muted. The medical or healthcare business is a long lead cycle 
business and decisions are pretty slow. It takes anywhere between three to four quarters to six 
quarters before large deals are signed. So we're going through that process. 
A part of our services come from the regulatory services, and for the European market that is a 
regulated service called EU MDR. EU MDR was mandated; all products have to be EU MDR 
certified by 2024. So there was a deadline and there was a rush by all companies to really get 
the product certified by 2024. 
What has happened is recently, maybe just about a quarter ago, the commission there relaxed 
the deadline from 2024 to 2027. So what has happened is with a lot of these companies, because 
the time lines are relaxed, what was supposed to be done in about 1.5 years can now be done 
over four years-plus. So a lot of the companies since decided to make use of that. 
So the TCVs are intact, but unfortunately, revenues are now going to be spread out. Not all 
customers, a few customers have got into that. And that has affected us a little, and that is why 
if you look at it, our revenues have dipped a little bit. But the good part is, now the budgets that 
are available with the customers, they can use them for other activities, including new product 
development and other activities. 
So we hope in the subsequent quarters, we will be able leverage this budget availability to push 
for new product development deals. And as you know, we have been investing in the digital 
health platform for quite some time now. And that is another revenue stream that we are building 
up, we are engaging and having those discussions with customers. It does take some time to sign 
deals there. All of that will happen over the next couple of quarters. And that is where I'm a lot 
more confident that we'll be able to recover the situation in the health care business. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Congratulations to the management for a good set of numbers. Sir, just a couple of questions. 
First, we continue to report our business along three verticals as on date today, the transportation, 
media & communications and healthcare. But over what period do you think that some of your 
initiatives in other sectors and sub-segments would start to become fruitful so that you would 
move on to reporting those segments separately? And does that happen in the near term? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
That's a call that we need to take. Actually, if you look at it, the adjacencies that we called out 
are already pretty significant if you look at the individual verticals. So in some cases, they are 
close to 10%; in some cases, they're close to 15%, 16%. So that is something that is not out of 
focus. Adjacencies definitely are doing pretty well, and we are really monitoring them. So we 
will take a decision at the appropriate time to disclose those numbers. New verticals, I think we 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
will continue to be cautious. We are incubating a few verticals and at again, at the appropriate 
time, we will bring that in. 
Tushar Bohra 
 
Just to clarify on this, is defense or related area also an opportunity for us in some way? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
It's not an active opportunity for us, though we are looking at the defense avionics side, and we 
do work with ISRO and a few companies in India. But again, it's not a large business, and I don't 
think it will be a large business because you really need to cater to the US defense industry or 
the European defense industry, if you want to make a big splash. But unfortunately, there are a 
lot of restrictions there - you need to have US citizens work etc. There are a number of 
restrictions there that doesn't make it easy for us to enter that sector. 
Tushar Bohra 
Sure. So sir, second, just want to get some qualitative inputs on how our IPs are performing in 
terms of helping us win business or also in terms of actual revenue contribution and also some 
of the new work that we are doing. So in the previous call, we've highlighted about metaverse. 
This call, you mentioned about the AR/VR project and the software-defined vehicles. Just some 
inputs that help us understand the opportunity would say, next three years or so in these areas? 
Manoj Raghavan : 
Sure. So if you look at it, our products, we have done a lot of investments in the media and 
communication vertical from a product perspective, whether it is products like FalconEye, 
QoEtient, TEPlay. There's a number of advertisement-related platforms, there a number of things 
that we have done. At this point in time, I would say that is one area which is doing pretty well 
for us from a media and communication vertical perspective.  
Automotive, of course, we have done a lot of investments, including on the ADAS side, the 
Autonomous Car, AUTOSAR and so on. Of course, we are working a lot on the electric vehicles, 
a lot of IPs and products that we are building from a validation perspective. But all of that is 
currently in the investment phase. We hope that we'll be able to really push that into the market 
and get revenues. 
From a medical health care business, yes, the investments that we have done on the digital health 
platform, that is a pretty significant investment. And we hope in the next two to four quarters, 
that will start generating returns for us. So I think as compared to a couple of years ago, number 
one, we have a lot more products in the market. Number two, a lot more products are generating 
revenues for us. That is also a positive for us. And I think this investment will continue because 
even though the numbers are not very significant, from a year-on-year perspective as per internal 
projections, we're looking at a 100% sort of revenue growth from the products and product-led 
business. 
So that's something that we will continue to focus on and continue to make those investments. I 
think at some point in time, it will be significant, and we will hopefully hit a gold mine 
somewhere. But yes, we will continue to invest. 
Tushar Bohra 
Yes, sir if I may just squeeze a couple more questions very quickly. Sir, one is on in the TCS 
con call, management interestingly made a comment about ChatGPT. And obviously, it's in rage 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
right now for a lot of reasons. Just wanted to understand if some of these technologies could end 
up being disruptive on either side, positive or negative for us and for our peers. If you can maybe 
throw some comments on some such technologies, which you hope to either avoid being 
disrupted or leverage better to actually gain better business wins. 
And on a related area, in general, we've seen a lot of spending cuts and on the technology side, 
we've seen a lot of market corrections, valuations have come down for a lot of companies 
globally. Is there anything on the M&A side that you are starting to sense where things are 
coming close to your comfort in terms of valuations, so that you may look at an inorganic growth. 
Not immediately, but definitely in the near term? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Sure. We have our targets, and we're looking at it from an M&A perspective. So again, as I said, 
there's nothing to report at this point in time. We are operating at 28.7% PBT and 30%-plus 
EBITDA, so we have to be careful in terms of the impact of acquisitions. There are very few 
businesses out there that operate at that level. So we don't want any M&A to be disruptive to our 
own financials and so on. So we'll be careful, we'll look at it and we'll evaluate the synergies a 
lot more as compared to other companies. Because we are already operating at a very nice level. 
So, that's something we'll be very cautious. 
Nitin Pai: 
On the first part, maybe I can respond. In terms of ChatGPT, we think of that more as an anchor 
rather than as a specific point. I think the fundamental differentiation we bring in the application 
of digital technologies is that we are not out to build a generalized AI platform like many of the 
large IT companies talk of. We are very clear that we will do very specific AI.  
So if we’re doing AI, we will do it in cars, it will enable autonomous driving. If we use it in 
media, we'll use it for personalization of content and for nothing else. If we’re doing medical, it 
will be to improve the predictability and outcomes of the diagnostics that we're doing. So in that 
sense, if you look at it, these are not generalized AI problems. These are specific AI problems.  
So to that extent, we are in a space which still continues to need what we do and the intelligence 
that we bring, as the intersection of domain and engineering. But equally, I think there are 
opportunities for us to use generalized AI technologies like ChatGPT, especially as you move 
out of the product and then we get into the cloud, I think there is a lot more potential in those 
areas. So for us, I think we see it as an upside, because it allows us to go into areas that we don't 
otherwise address in general. 
The same is true for others, by the way. If you look at digitized technologies, really think of the 
deal that we called out, which is the use of AR/VR in worker and productivity training. It's 
actually the metaverse, except that we are applying the metaverse for Industry 4.0. So again, 
there, we are seeing clear application of metaverse in gaming and in entertainment.  
We are looking at the application of the metaverse AR/VR in the context of either improving 
engagement or experiences within cars, we're looking at within factories and so on. So in general, 
I'll just put it this way. For us, what is important about digital is the intersection of that with a 
particular domain, and not digital for itself. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Manoj, last quarter, you spoke about high on-site wage inflation, wanted to get an update on that 
trend? Has that moderated? Also, the new center in Germany, is this a large one for us? Should 
we expect any reversal in the offshoring trend which is holding up quite well for us? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I didn't hear the first question. Let me answer the second question, and then we can come back. 
So yes, I think we've recently opened a center in Frankfurt, we believe it's a good location for 
us. We get access to local talent there and there are a few customer engagements that we are 
going to execute partly out of that facility. We've always had a smaller center, this time we really 
scaled it up to a significant larger center. I don't think that our on-site offshore ratio is going to 
change drastically because of that. We still continue to be an offshore-centric organization and 
if you look at the ratios also, I think we are more or less at the same level where we operate. So 
I think that doesn't change. Coming back to your first question, can you repeat that question? 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Sir, that was around on-site wage inflation. You had called out a high on-site wage inflation last 
quarter. I wanted to get an update on that trend? Has that moderated or how are you seeing that? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Wage inflation is still high. It's early to talk about all these layoffs and impact of that on the on-
site wage inflation. I think we will wait and watch. But I think until last quarter, the inflation 
continues to grow. But there is some softening in the market right now with all the layoffs. But 
it's too early to comment on that. We'll wait and watch for until the end of the quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like hand 
the conference over to Mr. Nitin Pai, for closing comments. 
Nitin Pai: 
Thank you. And first of all, let me wish all the participants today, very happy New Year again. 
Thank you for joining us on this call. We look forward to meeting you again in the following 
quarter. Of course, this time, our results were delayed a little bit, not because we're not ready, 
but we have to enable the availability of the entire Board, which was otherwise occupied. So 
hopefully, we'll have our numbers coming up early as usual in the following quarters. Thank 
you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, behalf of Tata Elxsi Limited that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
