 
 
 
  Date: January 21, 2023 
 
To, 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on January 18, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on January 18, 
2023, to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results for quarter and nine months ended on 
December 31, 2022. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonia Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
BSE Script Code: 539289 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
SONIA 
HITESH 
JAIN
Digitally signed 
by SONIA 
HITESH JAIN 
Date: 2023.01.21 
16:06:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
Q3 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DEORA, FOUNDER AND CEO, AURUM 
VENTURES 
 
MR. ONKAR SHETYE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AURUM 
PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. HIREN KUMAR LADVA, EVP, INVESTMENT, 
AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL KARAN, CFO, AURUM PROPTECH 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:      MS. ASHA GUPTA , E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aurum PropTech Limited Q3 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from E&Y Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, 
Ms. Gupta. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Tanvi. Welcome to Aurum PropTech Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings Call. It gives me 
great pleasure to welcome the management of the company represented by Mr. Ashish Deora, 
Founder and CEO of Aurum Ventures; Mr. Onkar Shetye, Executive Director of Aurum 
PropTech Limited; Mr. Hiren Kumar Ladva, EVP, Investment of Aurum PropTech Limited; and 
Mr. Kunal Karan, CFO of Aurum PropTech Limited. 
Before we start the call, I would like to remind you that anything that is mentioned in this call, 
which reflects any outlook for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking 
statements must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties we face. These 
uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus 
filed with SEBI and subsequent annual reports, which you can find it on our website. 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Deora. Over to you, Ashish. 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Asha. Good afternoon, everyone. Best wishes to all for a prosperous and healthy 
New Year. I am glad to connect again with the investors' community in the seventh quarterly 
call under Aurum management. It is always a pleasure to interact with all of you. Welcome, 
everyone, and thank you for your continued interest and commitment to Aurum PropTech. 
Let me first brief you on the exponential growth that the company has achieved. I would like to 
highlight two points to this effect.  
Firstly, we have today announced our Q3 results, where the revenue has been INR 38.6 crores. 
This is a 5x, I repeat 500% of our Q3 revenue last year, which was INR 7.53 crores. 
Secondly, we had projected our Q4 revenue to be INR 50 crores. I am glad to state that we are 
confident of achieving that by the end of this quarter, which is Q4. What is significant here is 
that projection of Q4 revenue of INR 50 crores was made in the beginning of the year when our 
revenue was to the tune of around INR 14 crores. The point that I'm trying to make is that in a 
very short time, our team has been able to demonstrate not only exponential growth but also the 
maturity to project and achieve. 
Our revenue growth momentum shows our execution discipline of our strategy and also validates 
the growth of the PropTech sector as a whole. We believe that real estate as a sector is being 
transformed digitally from AI to blockchain to the metaverse to IoT. The new age real estate 
customers and enterprise are experiencing the need of these tools and technologies. 
Moving from revenue growth, I would now like to take a few minutes on our strategy. We 
continue to sharpen our focus on delivering technology, capital and services for real estate 
consumers and developers. What also keeps us motivated is the need for innovation, across 
various aspects of real estate, whether it is technology, capital or services. Analyzing data and 
then integrating it with various services for the benefit of our consumers is a challenge, which 
we are focused and determined to change.  
I already touched upon our mindset of exponential revenue growth and strategy. I would now 
like to take a minute on how Aurum PropTech is creating sectorial knowledge and leadership. 
Considering that the PropTech sector is at a nascent stage, learning and sharing knowledge with 
our customers is necessary for us on an hourly basis. To structure this approach, we launched 
our brand positioning in this quarter. We believe that our brand tagline of ‘Future Ready’ 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
encapsulates who we are and what we stand for. Future Ready declares that we elevate 
experiences for our customers, real estate developers and capital allocators by combining our 
tech skills, data skills with our real estate domain understanding. This brand positioning will 
also increase recall value and achieve benefits of scale across our various products. 
In this quarter, we also launched the Aurum Entrepreneur-in-Residence program. Our core belief 
is that entrepreneurial mindset is necessary to run digital products. This program will create 
necessary engagement with young entrepreneurs.  
To conclude, at Aurum, we have constantly delivered value for all our stakeholders over the last 
two decades. And we believe that Aurum PropTech is in the right direction as per our group 
ethos. 
Let me now hand over to Onkar, Executive Director of Aurum PropTech, to talk about our 
ecosystem. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Ashish. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for your continued interest in Aurum 
PropTech. Let me now briefly share a few highlights during Q3.  
Today, we have an active customer base of approximately 250 B2B SaaS customers and more 
than 7,000 RaaS customers. Our SaaS services cater to developers across 46 cities and towns in 
India. While our RaaS services are consumed in 15 cities across the country. More than 30,000 
potential buyers were active on our tech platforms during their buying journey in the past quarter. 
Our platforms also hosted 5,000-plus brokers and channel partners, enabling the distribution of 
residential projects of 350-plus developers. This achievement has been possible only because of 
our collaborative effort of all our partner companies. In a short time, we are seeing the network 
effect of Aurum PropTech ecosystem, which will keep on getting bigger. 
In our Connected Living segment cluster, we have seen tremendous traction in the co-living 
RaaS offering to expand our offerings and play a pivotal role in the branded co-living segment, 
HelloWorld, our co-living and student housing company has launched HelloWorld Select , a 
premium co-living cohort, which expands our target customer base and also upsells to existing 
tenants who would wish to upgrade to a more premium co-living facility. 
We also onboarded Aurum Analytica, formerly known as Careersocially during Q3. After the 
acquisition, rebranding and setting the strategy for Aurum Analytica, we have quickly focused 
on integrating all our efforts with data science and analytics. We are happy to state that they 
clocked twice the amount of revenues in Q3 compared to what they did in Q2. This is a trend 
that we have constantly observed wherein rebranding and restrategizing the products have shown 
growth in the businesses of our partner company, primarily due to the network effect of Aurum 
PropTech ecosystem. 
From the investment finance cluster, Integrow Asset Management garnered further fund 
commitment of INR 100 crores to take the total commitment to INR 205 crores. With a strong 
pipeline of investors, we are looking to have a commitment of INR 300+ crores by March 2023. 
In our enterprise efficiency cluster, Sell.do, the real estate SaaS CRM product, continues to be 
the market leader in India with 6,600 plus licenses. BeyondWalls, our digital marketing and 
broker aggregation solution for developers launched their operation, having quickly scaled up 
in Pune since its launch in February 2022 and started generating revenues in Bengaluru and 
Mumbai also. There are more than 5,000 brokers already participating on the BeyondWalls 
platform and benefiting from it. 
We have, and we will continue to build and grow our SaaS and RaaS products across the focus 
cluster. The upcoming quarter promises to continue this exciting journey for us. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over to our CFO, Kunal Karan, to detail out the quarterly 
financials and related matters. 
Kunal Karan: 
Hello, everyone. As you heard from Onkar about our business update, let me walk you through 
the details of our financial performance. Today our Board of Directors has approved the results 
for the quarter and  nine months ended December 31, 2022. We continue our march with strong 
set of numbers, which reflect our ability to grow progressively at a steady pace. 
Our consolidated revenue for operations for the quarter is INR 38.6 crores as compared to INR 
28.3 crores in the previous quarter, up by 36.8%. Revenue for the corresponding quarter for the 
previous year was INR 7.5 crores. So, the growth there is five times. We have reached revenue 
annual run rate of INR 150 crores at the end of the current quarter and are in line to reach the 
targeted annual run rate of INR 200 crores in the month of March 2023. 
Our total income for the quarter is INR 41.2 crores as compared to INR 30.8 crores in the 
previous quarter. EBITDA for the current quarter was INR 2 crores as compared to a loss of INR 
3.4 crores in the previous quarter. This reflects our approach of conservative cash utilization. 
The consolidated cash at the end of the quarter was INR 83 crores. We have to raise another INR 
250 crores from the balance right issue. 
In terms of segmental revenue, SaaS and RaaS revenues for this quarter were INR 5.6 crores and 
INR 33 crores as compared to INR 4.7 crores and INR 23.7 crores, respectively, in the previous 
quarter. We continue to see good traction for our services in the marketwe serve and we are 
confident of our growth journey going ahead. 
With this, I will now pass on the call to the operator to open the floor for question-and-answer 
session. Thank you very much, and I appreciate your continued interest in Aurum. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahil Shah, individual investor. As there is no response, 
we'll move to the next question, which is from the line of Qasim Akram, Individual Investor. 
Qasim Akram: 
Can you elaborate on the synergies between Integrow Asset Management and HelloWorld 
technology? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you for your question, Mr. Qasim Akram. There are immense synergies between both 
these businesses, primarily from two aspects. One, where it creates a huge differentiator for our 
co-living business when it is backed by an asset management company where the investment 
into the assets for further scale-up and expansions could come in from the asset management 
piece. And it likewise similarly benefits the asset management company because the investors 
get controlled by the way of an opco in form of HelloWorld on the investments that they could 
make in. So, in a way, it is creating a Propco Opco model today. We do have further plans to 
setup sector-specific Propco at Integrow AMC that will facilitate the scaling up of our 
HelloWorld business. 
In addition to it, it also helps us tap in the HelloWorld customer base for future cross-platform 
integration by the way of offering it to various other products like BeyondWalls, etc. 
Ashish Deora: 
Mr. Akram, just to add to what Onkar spoke.–The module of our property company and an 
operating company, which we call a Propco and an Opco is widely popular in creating value on 
both sides because a good operating company increases the yield of a property company and a 
good property company brings sustainable business to an operating company. 
And if you see the largest asset managers globally, they understand this and they do this very 
well. So we have these two partner companies. And in both of them, we are trying to create this 
synergy with Integrow and HelloWorld. 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital.  

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Aditya Sen: 
First of all, congratulations for the stellar results and also the fact that employee cost as a 
percentage of revenue is decreasing, from 70%, it has come down to 40%. But I have a question 
that in Q1 concall, you mentioned that it's INR 10 crores and won't increase any further for this 
FY. But as of now, I guess, it's INR 15 crores now. I would like to know the reason behind this? 
And also where should we expect this to stabilize? 
Onkar Shetye: 
 
Sorry, could you repeat, the reason behind -- could you please repeat that? 
Aditya Sen: 
Why the increase in employee cost and also where should we expect this to stabilize? 
Kunal Karan: 
Look, the rise in employee cost, as you see our results of the every quarter, we are just adding 
our new companies. So with the addition of new companies, definitely a group of new team 
member joins us. So the reason of increase is because of that. And definitely it will grow till we 
add new entities in the Aurum PropTech. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Also to add to it, if you look at the last quarter, in addition to having added our new partner, we 
have also expanded in new regions, in our existing products, point in case is BeyondWalls has 
gone live and operational now in Mumbai and Bengaluru. And likewise, HelloWorld is also 
scaling up its co-living business. Both these businesses are RaaS in nature where they are tech-
enabled Opco businesses, which require a certain increase in employee strength. So in addition 
to what Kunal said, increasing our markets and geographies has also increased the cost.  
Aditya Sen: 
And the next question would be on the EBITDA front. Can you please let us know the EBITDA 
on the RaaS and SaaS business, particularly? 
Kunal Karan: 
In our segment results, we have given the EBITDA numbers. So RaaS will definitely have the 
depreciation cost within it. So if we remove the depreciation, then the RaaS result where 
EBITDA will definitely improve more. 
Aditya Sen: 
And the last one would be, do you have any ballpark figure or any sort of aspirational target in 
terms of revenue for the next two or three years? 
Ashish Deora : 
Look, I think at this stage, we are focused with the Q4 revenue, which we believe will be to the 
tune of INR 50 crores. 
Aditya Sen: 
 
We also believe that INR 50 crores would be possible in Q4. 
Ashish Deora : 
Yes so, I think what we are sort of dealing with now is that when we set this INR 50 crores, at 
that point of time, the revenue was only INR 14 crores, which was in the first quarter of this 
year. And we have similarly exponential growth numbers for the upcoming quarters. And we 
would like to kind of detail that out in the next earnings call, in the Q4 earnings call. As of now, 
the focus is to deliver what we have already projected, what we have already committed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you the next question is from the line of Rahil Shah, Individual Investor.  
Rahil Shah: 
Just wanted to ask, do you have any comments on the traction in the real estate industry, like the 
growth in this segment and how it will benefit the company? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So, I think real estate as a sector, like we've all been reading and going through multiple reports, 
is poised to be a $1 trillion sector by 2030, this decade. There are three areas where essentially 
the sector is changing. One is from a point of view of more and more institutional capital coming 
into the business, which demands better efficiency in real estate businesses, which are 
development businesses and construction businesses. 
The other thing that is happening is the consumer of real estate because of the upward trend in 
digitization and internet penetration is also changing and so are the demands. The consumption 
of real estate more so from a purchase point of view, from a buying point of view or from a 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
renting point of view, from a discovery point of view is now more tech-led and that is effectively 
helping our customer experience businesses. 
The third thing that is changing in the real estate sector is that we are now looking at more and 
more urbanization, more and more movement into cities, which will effectively require more 
real estate to be constructed in form of residential spaces and also office spaces as more and 
more people come to work. 
Now the demographic of these people who are coming to work is between Generation Z and 
Millennials, which again, falls into our offering of products from a co-living platform to a 
transaction platform toward distribution business. So all these three tailwinds that we are seeing 
in this sector are immensely effectively helping our products and services, so to say. I hope I 
was able to answer your question. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes. Just one more. What would you say is the company's addressable market size in that sector 
or maybe overall? 
Onkar Shetye: 
We are in the midst of quantifying this sector. This is, I would say, one of a kind effort to quantify 
the sector size in India. It's been done with an institutional partner, and we'll be soon coming out 
with this report. But if we draw some trends that are happening globally, typically 7% to 10% 
has been a penetration or has been the size of a sector vis-à-vis the real estate size in countries 
like US and China. And that is where we see this sector at. We would say if India PropTech 
doesn't reach a $100 billion market size, then it will be an opportunity missed for the entire sector 
and everyone working in this sector overall. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Rahul Jain has left the 
queue. We have a question from the line of Harshit Toshniwal from Bottomsup.  
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Actually new to this company and post Majesco has not tracked it. So I wanted to just get a brief 
sense about our business model, our market size and typically economics of the operations? 
Onkar Shetye: 
We'll break this question into three parts. So, I'll start with the last one first. There are two 
verticals when it comes to revenue in our business, SaaS and RaaS, which is products and tech-
enabled real estate as a-service products. 
Between these two businesses, we have various focus areas or clusters as we call it, which are 
taking care of course specific value chain in the entire real estate piece, which is a very complex 
value chain. It starts from investment finance, which is the start of a journey of any asset when 
it comes to development. It has two products, Integrow Asset Management and Aurum Infinity, 
which typically deal with wholesale investments and retail investments in a regulated form and 
fashion.  
Then we have enterprise efficiency products, which deal with tech expertise and solutions to real 
estate developers and enterprises. And under that, we have products like BeyondWalls, Sell.do. 
BeyondWalls is a broker aggregation platform, Sell.do is a CRM and Aurum Analytica is, again, 
a data science product that is offered to developers for better lead management and nurturing. It 
also has products like TheHouseMonk, which takes care of rental management business for for 
property owners.  
The third part is customer experience, where we have a bunch of products ranging from Aurum 
InstaHome to Aurum KuberX to Aurum Liv, which take care of the customer experience part 
when it comes to purchasing properties or raising finances or reselling properties in the retail 
market. 
And the fourth segment is Connected Living, which deals with the Connected Living experience, 
once you purchase or once you own the asset. So there we have a product or an offering called 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
HelloWorld. The economics of operations are primarily driven by the nature of the businesses, 
which are SaaS and RaaS. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
Sorry to interrupt, just one thing just to, I think, clarify these four verticals. So, if I understand it 
correctly, investment finance is the one where, say for example, a builder would require finance 
or an big credit, person would require a finance for housing related one or construction, then you 
would facilitate that. Enterprise efficiency are more, for example, something what Infoedge 
platform also does broker aggregation or different rental management businesses. Customer 
experience is the resell market aggregation. And I didn't get exactly what the Connected Living 
experience. So if you can help me correct where I'm going wrong or if that is anything different? 
Onkar Shetye: 
That is correct. I think you've got the three segments absolutely right. The fourth segment is the 
Connected Living segment, which deals with post purchase monetization of assets from the asset 
owner side and from the consumer side, discovery and utilization of these assets more from a 
rental point of view. And there we have an offering called the HelloWorld which is a co-living 
offering. Student living is a huge opportunity within that co-living segment, a sector which is 
largely untapped, largely uninstitutionalized in the Indian markets. So your understanding is 
absolutely right. There are four segments as we have outlined and these products that we defined 
under these four segments. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
When you said this fourth, co-living, it is more like Stanza Living as a comparable, I'm using to 
understand the business model? 
Onkar Shetye: 
We would categorize it as the same segment. However, our approach to this business and our 
strategies to take care of this problem and innovation segment are different. HelloWorld focuses 
on student living and young working population. However, it is an asset-light operation. We do 
not get into owning these assets. Typically we are more cash positive than these businesses, than 
the other business that you compared with and our strategies to acquire properties are also 
different from what a Stanza Living would do. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
And just ask a few questions again on this part itself, then would go the economics part. But for 
example, when we say, for example, an investment finance business, there we are the 
aggregators between the financial institution and the borrower. So if you can just give some 
example in a simplified way to understand these four segments? And maybe what is our business 
or revenue contribution from these four segments in the overall mix? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Sure. So I will start with your latter part first. I will start with the four segments revenue 
contribution. The revenue contribution for investment finance was INR 79 lakhs in this quarter. 
Revenue contribution for customer experience was INR 2,781 lakhs. The revenue contribution 
for enterprise efficiency was INR 1,584 lakhs. And for Connected Living, it was INR 3,706 
lakhs. The consolidated revenue contribution year-to-date till December 2022 has been INR 
8,150 lakhs. The nature of each segment has got three to four use cases. And in accordance with 
these three to four use cases, the revenue models are defined likewise. Primarily and 
fundamentally, the revenue models, for example, in the investment finance segment, work in the 
way of a regulated facilitator to enable investors identify properties to invest. Investment 
Integrow does not itself invest into any properties. It only enables wholesale investors to pulling 
their money into a regulated financial instrument, and that is then further deployed into projects 
which Integrow indexes out, identifies, discovers and then deploy that. 
I will also call in my colleague, Hiren Ladva, to further elaborate on this question, please. 
Hiren Ladva 
Thanks, Onkar. Mr. Harshit, just to elaborate on what Onkar has mentioned, across all the use 
cases or all the four focus areas. And maybe let's pick up just investment finance. There the 
overall aim of our strategy is to actually facilitate financing across different use cases, right? So 
right now, yes, we are focused on Integrow AMC as one conduit to channelize investments into 
residential real estate assets to start with, then we will add other types of real estate assets like 
commercial real estate. So the aim is to, here, look at and grow from the assets under 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
management with them efficiently and hence add value to the primary customer, i.e., the 
developer in enabling them to get more efficient and quicker and reliable capital. And on the 
other segment, on the investors, to give them a transparent and a very well underwritten 
investment asset in the real estate sector. So that's the problem statement we are trying to address. 
Similarly in all the other focus areas, we are looking at a couple of problem statements, which, 
as we said, in enterprise efficiency, it's to enable the developers to reach to their customers faster 
in the most focused manner. And hence, by delivering that value, we bring value to our company.  
So I will not go into other focus areas because each focus areas will have their own individual 
use cases. I hope that's the business model. 
Harshit Toshniwal: 
I think I'll have to read more about it. So I'll use that right issue document, etcetera, to update 
myself. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: 
If you could share the organic and inorganic breakup of this growth? And what are the key 
drivers for organic growth? 
Kunal Karan: 
Look in the current quarter, out of, say, around INR 39 crores, the organic number is around 
INR 2.5 crores. So mostly the inorganic part contributes around 90% of the current revenue. And 
this part definitely will take some time because our products are just getting ready. So it will 
definitely mature over a period of time. So currently 90% of our revenue is from inorganic 
growth. 
Rahul Jain: 
90%, is it? 
Kunal Karan: 
Yes. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Rahul, that has been our strategy to build this business when we started the journey of building 
the PropTech ecosystem, the fastest route to start building this was to identify mature products 
and businesses that are already in market and acquire and reposition and add further products 
under it. The key growth drivers to these inorganic businesses have been primarily the broker 
aggregation piece, which is a large innovation area that we have been able to solve. 
Institutionalization of channel partner network and distribution network across the country in 
real estate is an untapped market. There we have got a phenomenal traction by the way of 
BeyondWalls. That has been one key growth driver. 
 
The other key growth driver has been, of course, HelloWorld, our Student Living and co-living 
business and a business which is largely well understood in markets like US and with 
institutional capital allocators coming in from those areas into this country, this business will get 
further traction as we see it. What key growth driver here has been really two areas. One is more 
and more students coming back to cities, back to normalcy and more and more working 
population coming back to normalcy. And also the urbanization trend that we outlined earlier in 
this call that how India is now moving towards a 45% urbanization, which requires more rental, 
affordable, flexible new age properties that people can rent and of course properties that people 
can buy with a better customer experience. 
Ashish Deora 
This is Ashish here, to add to what Onkar just said. The in-house products, to say so, they have 
started revenue only recently. One of our home loan products, which is KuberX, which was 
launched three to four months ago as a POC, even that has gone ahead and now disbursed loans 
worth INR 70-odd crores cumulative. So we believe that some of these products over 2023, in 
this calendar year, should do reasonably well. But the way we look at it is that there is a lot of 
our own management bandwidth that gets invested with the companies that we own, first, the 
100%, which is Aurum Analytica and HelloWorld. We have kept them as a different entity, 
right, because we acquired them. But in a way, these are the companies that are run by us. And 
between HelloWorld and Aurum Analytica, the revenue is around INR 20-odd crores out of INR 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
32 crores in this quarter. So if I have to include INR 20 crores, the INR 3 crores, that kind of 
becomes more than 50% or even more, around 60%, 70% of the total revenue. And then comes 
the companies where we own less than 100%, where we assume that while it takes a little bit of 
our time, but there are also the founders that are doing heavy lifting in those businesses. And 
then that kind of takes lesser time of ours. But if you look at the management bandwidth that 
kind of gets stretched, it gets stretched into three buckets. One is our own products, of course, 
then secondly comes into the companies where we own 100% equity, which is HelloWorld and 
Aurum Analytica, which have been really, really growing at a tremendous pace. And then also 
with the companies where we have 51%, where we have other founders, other entrepreneurs do 
heavy lifting along with us. 
Rahul Jain: 
And just quickly, if you could share your thoughts in terms of how you would see some of the 
challenges around the interest rate or in general macro to kind of to your tech adoption team in 
the sector, which is a definite tailwind to you. But how does some of this macro may impact 
your growth projection? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Typically one thing that is definitely happening across the country is after the banking crisis 
between 2014 to 2020, there has been a lack of banking capital available to real estate enterprises 
or developers, which is in a way affecting the interest rate. We see that more institutional capital 
from outside the country will flow into this sector because of this demand for capital. And this 
is happening not just for real estate, but also for other sectors as well. That is one key part that 
we see happening in this sector. The other is, of course, like we earlier said, there is a tremendous 
change in consumer behavior between 2015 to 2020 in form of discovery, consumption and post 
consumption. And that is largely going to fuel the tech enablement and evolution in real estate 
sector from a consumer point of view. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Chokani from Devang Management. 
Devang Chokani: 
My question is that since HelloWorld has been a star player for us since the very start. So are 
we planning to expand the functions of it or are you planning to keep it intact and not growing 
it further? 
Onkar Shetye: 
HelloWorld has definitely been a star player for us, one key cog in the entire integrated 
ecosystem. And in the same line, we have added one more product line in the HelloWorld 
business, which is HelloWorld Select. This is a premier co-living cohort, which basically 
expands our target customer base and also upsells the existing tenants who could wish to upgrade 
their properties to more premium facilities. We have strategically wanting to go deeper in the 
Student Living segment, which is a large segment, which we understand and have also got good 
control and would like to go deeper in the existing market. 
Hiren would also like to speak about this business further. 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes. Thanks, Onkar. So Devang, the way we see HelloWorld's positioning in the co-living 
market, as Onkar was saying, yes, we have identified those couple of specific segments. But at 
the same time, our business model is also very much bordering or directionally towards a viable 
business model.  
And with that, we are looking at leadership positions in at least three cities to start with by the 
end of next year, wherein we would have the number one spot in terms of the occupied beds, if 
you will, or as well as live beds. So that's definitely the direction that is guiding our expansion 
plans as far as HelloWorld's capacity addition is concerned. And it will come at the back of not 
only the existing segments, but as well as the new premium segments that we are venturing into. 
So we are very focused around garnering leadership positions in some of the markets that we 
have identified across the country where supply-demand scenario and the unit economics are 
very, very sound for our business model. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Devang Chokani: 
I had one more question regarding another product called Aurum InstaHome. So what are the 
growth plans and potential for that? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So Aurum InstaHome's business model is unique. It revolves around click, set, sold. The the idea 
is to tackle three problem statements in the real estate resale, residential real estate resale 
segment. First is to offer a fair price or offer a fair value for people or owners who are wanting 
to sell their apartment by the way -- online and real time. By the way of that, also understand the 
assets on sale in the residential real estate market. 
In primary real estate market, it is easy to source this inventory because you have one sector or 
one stakeholder to connect to, which is a developer and then you get a control over, let's say, 
INR 200 crores, INR 300 crores of asset sizes. Whereas in the residential resale market, because 
of the retail format, it is difficult to get control on this inventory. So that's one. 
The second area is essentially offering people an opportunity to expand their reach when it comes 
to selling the apartment by the way of offering our suite of broker aggregation platforms, 
analytical tools like Aurum Analytica and so on.  
And the third is, of course, the sold where we want to offer branded apartments, which can which 
have standardized set of offerings, which can be offered to homebuyers. So the strategy revolves 
around these three. 
We have been able to do a POC in Navi Mumbai market, where we launched Aurum InstaHome. 
The data science and analytical capabilities for MMR region have been completed. We would 
now like to launch that as well.  
And further on, when we go on, we are looking at going, multi-city when it comes to the click, 
which is the ABM. And then, of course, go deeper in these markets by the way of offering our 
set offering, which is the exclusivity offering in the cities that we expand into. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa & Co.  
Faisal Hawa: 
So have you made any estimates as to what our total revenue would be for the financial year '23, 
'24, approximately? We will not hold you to it, if at all there's some decisions that you can give? 
And secondly, is there any thought process within the company to at least merge all the 
companies with a 100% owned by us into Aurum and so that we don't have this subsidiary 
accounts, which is always difficult for many investors to understand? 
Ashish Deora: 
So, Faizal Bhai, on the numbers for '23, '24, of course, we have internal numbers that we are sort 
of working towards. And we believe that the growth momentum that we have seen in this year 
across quarters should continue is what we can only say today. But yes, in the next quarter, we 
will like to kind of go out and make a projection like how we did earlier that we had projected 
that we will be a INR 50 crores quarterly number, making it a INR 200 crores company. We'd 
like to talk about it in the next quarterly earnings. As far as the subsidiary working is concerned, 
Onkar, Kunal, you want to? 
Kunal Karan: 
Yes. Look, this subsidiary, definitely, we'd also like to consider the things, but uncertainly what 
happens, all these subsidies have been created keeping some business requirements in mind 
where each of the subsidiaries require some different state of approvals and things from the 
statutory authorities. So to keep all of those things independent and not overlapping, that is 
number one. 
And second, they have got a different set of management in each one of them, like the 100% 
subsidies that we have made that founders to continue with us. So we want them to run those 
entities independently. And if it gets mixed up with a bigger organization or a listed company 
directly, then it becomes difficult for them also to run it independently.  

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
So we can offer ESOP to the employees at that level of entity for their operations that they do. 
So these are some of the factors that we have to keep in mind, and this is very early stage right 
now because all of these acquisitions have just happened over the last six to nine months. Maybe 
going ahead, after some time, you can take a call on these things. But definitely we'll keep your 
suggestion in mind to consider the thing. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Mr. Hawa, we would like to draw some parlance with something like a TCS, which has got, let's 
say, a practice. But this is a practice with the flexibility for the entrepreneur to run that business 
as a P&L for themselves and still keep them motivated. So that's one primary reason why we 
have kept these subsidiaries in addition to what Kunal said about the licensing requirements of 
each of these businesses. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So you feel that even in the future, it will be very difficult to merge this company? 
Onkar Shetye: 
It is not difficult to merge these companies, but  I would say, a conscious call to keep these 
companies at the subsidiary level for these two outlined reasons. It is not difficult to merge these 
companies or businesses. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And can you just comment on how this fractional ownership business is growing? Or how is it 
shaping up with the regulatory authorities? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So the fractional ownerships piece is a very complex area. And from day one, our approach was 
that we want to enter the market in a fully regulated format. Last quarter, we completed our legal 
opinions on this. And basically there are essentially two approaches. One is that it is looked at 
as a real estate fraction or the other, it is looked at as a financial fraction. For scalability and for 
being compliant and regulated business, the opinion is that we look at it as a financial fraction. 
And in accordance to that, we have outlined our go-to-market strategy in alignment with 
Integrow Asset Management, which has got the right regulated licenses and also are creating a 
distribution network or a distribution team that will be able to work on the distribution piece of 
this business. 
Faisal Hawa: 
 
So basically, we will be looking to SEBI to register and all? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Yes, we have already applied for the RIA license for the distribution network. And in terms of 
the operations team, we have already aligned our strategy to roll out an operations team, which 
we will soon elaborate on. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And about this AI and facial recognition software that we are developing for getting customer 
reactions and all. Any progress on that? And are we generating enough data to really feed the 
software? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Yes, we have been able to integrate this data into our existing products. Point in case is that this 
data is now integrated with our software Sell.Do, soon Aurum Analytica will also start using 
these softwares, where we'll be able to track consumer behavior across close to 25 to 35 
parameters and then start predicting their behavior over a course of period. Data science and 
analytics is a very complex world. It will take some time for the model to, I would say, start 
predicting data with accuracy that can give us certainty of go-to-market. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And when will the call for the rights issue be made for by the company? 
Ashish Deora: 
So we are planning to do it in the next quarter, which is Q1 of the next year. This is something 
that we had planned initially that we will do it either in this quarter, which is Q4 or Q1 of the 
next year, and we are on track for that. 
Faisal Hawa: 
But we are almost sure that now our acquisitions are almost complete and our suite of products 
is also there. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ashish Deora: 
So the way we see that acquisitions that we have done, they are all growing at a very reasonable 
numbers. They are in the right direction. They are in the right strategy. We believe that we have 
some more work to do with the existing acquisitions and also with the products that are being 
built in-house. But having said that, the way for example, you talked about two subsidiaries, 
HelloWorld, which we acquired had an annual revenue run rate of INR 38 crores when we 
acquired and now they are at INR 56 crores.  
Faisal Hawa: 
 
What are they at now? Sorry, the line was bad. 
Ashish Deora: 
INR 56 crores of annualized revenue now. They have done INR 15.5 crores in this quarterand 
we have done this acquisition like seven months ago. So within  two and half quarters, we have 
been able to kind of make it from INR 38 crores to INR 56 crores and I reiterate without losing 
any cash on operations without being EBITDA negative. If we had to go down that path, then of 
course, the growth could have been even more. But as our philosophy is to have growth, but 
with an underlying aspect of profitability. So I think the acquisitions are doing reasonably well 
under our management. And if there is a compelling opportunity to do something like that, then 
we will not shy off that. But as of now, we believe that the companies are being handheld very 
well by the Aurum management. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahindra Sharma, individual investor. 
Mahindra Sharma: 
Great show so far. My question can be broken into two parts. One is that given that certain part 
of the products and services that we talk about or which we have, have certain level of over-
layer with a couple of extremely well backed VC funded companies and some stalwart in the 
industry. So what I'm referring to is someone like a Square Yards or something what an 
ANAROCK is doing and the larger IPCs. So one is, yes, at this point of time, things are in a very 
early stage comparatively and the opportunity is very large. So how do we foresee reacting to 
stiff competition coming in from them, maintaining profitability? That's one. And second is, 
what would be the impact of this on the future, I would say, projections that we have? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So interesting question. Every market, every industry will have competition, and we understand 
that we don't shy away from that. Our approach, however, is quite unique here from the 
businesses that you spoke about where these businesses are purely people businesses. And 
though you mentioned them as competitors, I would probably refrain from using that same 
category here. We are a tech-led business. And in addition to being a tech-led business, it is an 
ecosystem of PropTech products and services, which includes various solutions that are offered 
to a variety of stakeholders, right from investors, wholesale and retail to developers to B2B2C, 
which is channel partners to consumers and of course, to renters also. Whereas the two 
businesses that you spoke about are only in, let's say, one sector of a primary residential real 
estate sale or broking business or a secondary real estate sale or a broking business. And that is 
not really comparable to Square Yards or any others.   
Mahindra Sharma: 
No, I would like to point out here. I believe Square Yards is also building a complete ecosystem 
where they have the same asset management to Metaverse to transaction to develop side of 
transaction, and all as well. So maybe a couple of the products that we talk about have exact 
over-layer over there and they are also tech-led. 
Onkar Shetye: 
I think you have called out right. Yes, there are two odd products that would be similar to what 
we have as an offering. But these two products that you outlined are new markets, and are new 
initiatives in this industry. Primarily the business that you spoke about or the company that you 
spoke about is a broking company, is a broking business, whereas we do not define ourselves in 
that category anyway. 
Ashish Deora: 
Also to add to what Onkar is saying, Mahindra Bhai, we are not saying that we have any 
monopoly on any segment. We are just saying we are unique because we are led by tech. And 
as far as well funded is concerned, I mean, our numbers are pretty known that we have some 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
January 18, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
INR 80-odd crores in the company, and we have another INR 250-odd crores that we will raise 
over next few quarters or few years. 
So we are playing our own journey. And within that, I'm sure there'll be competition of various 
kinds that will come in. Some will not have debt capabilities, some will not have function 
capabilities. Some will be led by PE, so they will be losing more capital. So they will have that 
barrier. And I mean, this is how our sector evolves. 
And our own real estate experience as Aurum also kind of comes in very handy at that point of 
time because we know what the problem statements are, what the pain points are, how to address 
that, where should tech be deployed, where should tech might take a back seat. So all these are 
the things that a sector kind of offers you and we enjoy creating and businesses around that. 
Mahindra Sharma: 
Sure. So I believe that any so-called competition and disruptive market strategies adopted by 
them has been faster than when we're doing our projections for the coming period. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Yes, absolutely. We keep a keen eye on these businesses, like you mentioned. You had also 
called out a second question on this, which was the impact of this competition on the future 
business. With the sector size being so large and with only three to four players, including us, 
being the key players in this market as of now. We see certain scale within these three to four 
players itself. And these three to four players will keep on dominating this $100 million sector 
as we build this over the decade. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the floor over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Asha. We thank all the stakeholders who have joined the call and participated on 
this call and have kept on continuously tracking us over the past three quarters. We have put an 
immense amount of effort on building this with prudence and cadence, not just us, but also our 
partner companies. We really see a lot of value in these problem and innovation statements that 
we intend to solve. And by the way of doing that, as a byproduct, we also aim at creating 
shareholder value and stakeholder value for all of you. So, thank you for your continued interest. 
We would look forward to see you in the next call. And until then, we would like to say goodbye. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Aurum PropTech Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
