BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
Corporate Office Ext.: 3rd Floor, Panchshil Tech Park, 
Viman Nagar, Pune-411014, Maharashtra, India 
   
Registered Office: Akurdi, Pune-411035, Maharashtra, 
India  
 
Tel: +91 20 71576403 
Fax: +91 20 71576364 
Corporate ID No.: 
L65910MH1987PLC042961 
 
www.bajajfinserv.in/corpo
rate-bajaj-finance 
 
29 April 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended 31 March 2023 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’) r/w Clause 15 of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing 
Regulations 
In furtherance of our letter dated 26 April 2023, the transcript of Q4 FY2023 investors 
conference 
call 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of the 
Company 
at  
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-investor-presentation. 
 
Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
 
R. Vijay 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in  
 
Encl.: As above 
Copy to Catalyst Trustee Ltd. (Debenture Trustee, Pune) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE MANAGER,  
BSE LIMITED  
DCS - CRD  
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS  
DALAL STREET,  
MUMBAI - 400 001 
THE MANAGER,  
LISTING DEPARTMENT  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LTD. EXCHANGE PLAZA, C-1. BLOCK G,  
BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, BANDRA 
(EAST) MUMBAI - 400 051 
SCRIP CODE: 500034 
SCRIP CODE: BAJFINANCE – EQ 
VIJAY 
RAMCHAND
RA
Digitally signed by VIJAY RAMCHANDRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=af20ff9cad3d4f5caf0aef4cad9c
0847, 
2.5.4.20=c78f85aa58180cc29440efb4e892d4
83d085d17b433a905c56ab2b61527257bf, 
postalCode=560027, st=KARNATAKA, 
serialNumber=fc8684b15269c625c72aa7633
770e8c160d844db57fa2ef224f0cee0a8c26d
0e, cn=VIJAY RAMCHANDRA 
Date: 2023.04.29 21:44:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Bajaj Finance Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAMEER BHISE – JM FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bajaj Finance Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the 4Q FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Bajaj Finance Limited. First of all, I would like to thank the management of 
Bajaj Finance for giving us the opportunity to host this call. From the management team, we 
have Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director, Bajaj Finance, Mr. Sandeep Jain, Chief Financial 
Officer of Bajaj Finance, and the entire senior management team of Bajaj Finance and its 
subsidiary. 
Without much ado, I would want to hand over this floor to Mr. Rajeev Jain for his opening 
comments. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you Sameer. Thank you JM for hosting this. Very good evening to all of you. I have a set 
of my colleagues here. A good evening from them as well. I'll essentially be taking you through 
very quickly over the next 15 minutes through the investor deck, which we've uploaded on the 
Investor section of the website and also filed with BSE and NSE. 
So let's just quickly jump over to the investor deck. Let's jump over to Panel number 4 quickly. 
Quarterly, I would say, excellent quarter across all financial and portfolio metrics. We delivered 
INR16,500 crores of core AUM growth. We added a tad below 3.1 million new customers to the 
franchise in Q4. All products and services are now live on web and app platform, which is really 
what the work that we've been at over the last 2.5 years. 
App platform alone has 35.5 million net users. We had gross installs of 54-odd million last year. 
And as of 31 March, the net installs are 35.5 million. We are amongst the largest -- global largest 
in the finance place on Google Play store among the top 4 organic downloads in the world. So I 
think that's been the effort that's been made by the company to fully go digital. In terms of 
financial metrics, core AUM grew 29% to INR2,47,000 crores, opex-to-NIM last quarter came 
in at 34.1%, very close, again came in at 34.1%. PAT, it's ever high PAT of INR3,158 crores, 
growth of 30% in Q4. 
ROE just a tad below 24% at 23.94%. Gross NPA, it's the lowest ever in the history of the 
company. I mean, and if you adjust this to 180 days past due and so on and so forth, I think these 
numbers are ever low numbers. Net NPA came in at 34 basis points ending March '23. Very 
quickly on full year, given that it is the fourth quarter, excellent year overall across all financial 
and portfolio metrics. We delivered core AUM growth of INR55,292 crores. We have guided 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
for INR52,000 crores to INR53,000 crores of AUM growth in the beginning of the year. Now 
we disbursed 29.6 million loans. We added 11.6 million new customers to the franchise, the 
highest ever customer addition that we've actually done ever as a company. As earlier mentioned, 
fully live on app and web, 35.5 million consumers on the app platform. 
Overall, in general, given the exit momentum of AUM growth, robust portfolio metrics, as you 
will see, as I take you through and a highly scalable digital stack, we are pretty confident about 
growth and portfolio metrics for FY '24. In terms of core AUM growth, full year, I talked about 
29%, opex-to-NIM full year came in at 35.1%. PAT came in at INR11,508 crores, a growth 
64%. ROE full year came in at 23.46%; and net NPA, of course, as of March 31, is at 34 basis 
points. 
Let's just quickly jump to some key points on Panel 5. Overall, B2B disbursements were up 
21%. You're seeing data coming through on how mobile phones are de-growing by 20%, how 
shipments are going down and mind you out of B2B disbursements that we do anywhere between 
40% and 45%, maybe a little more are essentially digital products or mobile phones. In that 
environment, growing 21%, I would say, demonstrates strength of the franchise and the 
distribution. So far, as you look at having entered the year, so far, April, we are tracking 
reasonably strong. 
In terms of customer franchise, I talked about 3.09 million customers. We're reasonably 
confident we should be able to add 11 million to 12 million new customers in FY '24 as well. 
Depending on how the first half goes, we'll see if there is an upside to that. Overall customer 
franchise stood at 69.14 million. Cross-sell franchise for the first time crossed 40 million at 40.56 
million. We added 19 locations to -- and ended the year at 3,733 locations. Overall, in the year, 
we added 230 new locations. We are adding -- most of my location footprint is front loaded. So 
we are adding 150-odd new locations and over 300 stand-alone gold loan branches in Q1 alone 
as we traverse through Q1. The liquidity buffer pretty strong at just a tad below INR12,000 
crores. 
Important point on Panel 7, NII grew 28%. Opex-to-NIM came in at 34.1%, Q4 FY’22 was 
34.5%. So continues its downward trajectory. We had articulated last year was 34.5%. We 
continue to invest, investing in social and rewards as two key platforms. Rewards will go live 
sometime between Q3 and Q4. Social will go live sometime in Q1 FY '25. Employee head count 
stood at 43,147. In terms of credit cost, fully normalized loan losses and provisions now in terms 
of -- came in at under INR860 crores. We continue to hold management overlay of INR960-odd 
crores. GNPA, as I said, came in at lowest ever at 94 basis points, net NPA 34 basis points. 
All portfolios, across 11 portfolios that we publish are all green, including our auto finance 
portfolio, which is -- despite not being an ever-high AUM, peak AUM was INR15,500 crores. 
It's still a tad below INR13,000 crores, 93.28% of the portfolio is current. I have not seen that 
number in the last 16 years. Peak number used to be 89%, 90% only. 
In terms of profitability on Panel 8 very quickly, capital adequacy remains quite strong. ROE I 
talked about. ROA in Q4 came in just 3 basis points, if I'm not mistaken, below Q3. So Q3 was 
5.43%, Q4 has come in at 5.4%. Capital adequacy pretty strong, both BHFL and BFL remain 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
very well capitalized from a Tier 1 capital standpoint. Tier 1 capital was -- for BFL was 23.2%. 
BHFL had a very good quarter. Overall, AUM is up 30%, just at INR69,228 crores. Home loans 
grew 24%. You're all watching how there is a slowing growth in the home loan industry, given 
the two years of rapid growth, the loan against property grew 4%, LRD grew 64% and developer 
finance grew by 92% albeit on a lower base. 
And as you see below, the DF book is essentially 9% of the book. DF book from a model 
standpoint in terms of portfolio composition as I've said in the past, when we model our business 
on leading companies, principally we'll anchor around between 12% and 14%. That's really 
where it will quote unquote get capped at from a portfolio composition standpoint and 60% 
anyway has to be a home loan model as part of our principal business criteria as outlined by 
NHB. Overall approvals in Q4 grew by 21% for BHFL. 
Very quickly, operating efficiencies. Net interest income for BHFL grew 40%. Opex-to-NII 
stood at 26.5% versus a year ago of 32.5%. GNPA, NNPA, they continue to play their role in 
ensuring from a sum of parts strategy standpoint that we continue to deliver rock-solid asset 
quality at 22 basis points at INR70,000 crores, as you can see. Actually, an 8 basis points is one 
of the lowest in the industry, if not the lowest in the industry. 
Panel 10, just single point, for BHFL, profit before tax grew 52%, profit after tax grew by 53% 
to INR302 crores in the quarter gone by. Bajaj Financial Securities, not a material subsidiary at 
this point in time. We continue to invest in building out the HNI Broking business, continue to 
building out, launching new app features, we added 42,000 customers and overall franchise 
crossed 0.5 million mark. 
Let's quickly jump to -- on a full year basis very quickly given it is fourth quarter. I talked about 
on Panel 12, core AUM up 29%. New loans I talked about, on a full year basis, grew 20% to 
29.6 million. Customer franchise also grew 20% to 69 million. Net interest income, I talked 
about, grew 32%. The Board of Directors at the meeting that just concluded today have 
recommended a dividend of INR30 per equity share and 1,500% dividend for FY '23 amounts 
to 17.65% of standalone profit for FY '23 and is completely in line with the company's dividend 
distribution policy that's been outlined and improved. So the company has recommended, Board 
of Directors have recommended a dividend of INR30 per equity share of 1,500%. 
Very quickly on to Panel 15, an important point. I mean, we've gone -- this is some of the 
omnipresence strategy update. App platform has fully gone digital across all products and 
services. It's going live in a staggered release manner. Some people may be able to see some of 
them, some will not be able to see. It's just going live on Android and based on the staggered 
methodology should fully happen by 30th of April at 50%. 50% would be live by 30th of April 
and by 15th of May, should have gone live 100%. Web=App, we are on track. At a design level, 
what is visible in app, will be visible fully in web by 29th of April. 
We published a set of metrics last year from App platform standpoint to demonstrate that how 
important and strategic it is for our business going digital. The same thing from Q2 onwards, we 
will do for Web as well. We'll publish a set of Web metrics that we'll start to populate every 
quarter from Q2 onwards, we will just wait for the platform to stabilize in Q1 and start to publish 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
the metrics from Q2. Going forward, all features that go live on app will also go live on web on 
the same day that it goes in app. That was really the original objective as we outlined in 
December '21, when we talked about App=Web strategy. 
Payments, lots of action in payments, scalable UPI infrastructure has gone live on consumer app 
platform. It's scaling pretty well. Will help improve performance significantly, I would say, new 
features like Contact Mapper capability, UPI Autopay functionality is going live. iOS will go 
live in end of April as well. In Q1, lots of action continues to happen. We continue to invest in 
the payments business, a new payment CLP, refer and earn functionality, faster settlement for 
merchants is going live. Checkout page on PG providers will start to become visible. Bajaj Pay 
Wallet will start to become visible on checkout page of leading payment gateway providers. 
QR deployment, I think we went live with merchant QR in November. We started to accelerate 
QR deployment from December onwards. I think company has made massive strides on QR 
deployment. In the last quarter alone, we deployed 413,000 merchant QR. We estimate based 
on various reports that India has 31 - 32 million overall merchant QR. We principally think 
anywhere between 2.1 million to 2.5 million merchant QR of Bajaj Pay we will deploy in FY 
'24. So we are accelerating the deployment of QR. That's really the goal of FY '24 for us as a 
company. We'll start to complete the stack further. The Bajaj Pay EDC machines will also go 
live in Q1 FY '24 with features like merchant onboarding. These are benchmark metrics or 
features that will start to go live. 
There's MVP1 going live in June and MVP2 going live in September. Between these two, we 
should have a reasonably well benchmarked products. It'll start with existing distribution 
partners and will go open architecture fully by September, October. And we're quite excited 
about taking the entire stack of payments having worked on this for the last two years to our 
merchant ecosystem of 133,000 merchants and also to open architecture. 
Very quickly, these are some of the metrics on 17, 18, nothing -- I mean, we're largely green on 
most of the metrics over Panel 17, 18 that you can observe. Panel 19 is an important panel. This 
is a panel that we started to publish on customer franchise, key financial metrics because at the 
end of the day, the franchise is growing, is it leading to AUM per customer franchise is growing 
or not. And is the PAT per cross-sell franchise growing or not. We've delivered a record number. 
As you can see, these are seven-year numbers right here from FY '17 to FY '23 from INR1,670 
per cross-sell franchise profit, we ended the year at INR2,837. 
As you can see, '17, '18, '19, they were normal years. Even '20 was a normal year, barring last 
end, even on those four years, since then, we are principally looking at just a 70%, 80% growth 
in profit per customer franchise. And AUM per customer franchise has remained pretty steady. 
We don't expect any change in this metric to happen. We should continue to deliver better 
outcomes as we go from here. 
Let's quickly jump to Panel 37. This is financials, 29% core assets under management growth, 
total income grew 32%. Net interest income grew 28%. Operating expenses grew 27%. Loan 
losses grew 22% and profits grew 31%. So we’ve started to now largely look at a normalized 
frame of 28%, 27% -- loan losses growing 22% and profits growing 30%. On a full year basis, 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
core assets grew 29%, total income grew 31%, NIM grew 32%, loan losses de-grew 34%. And 
as a result, profits grew 64%. The ratios are here below. I've talked about on a full year basis, 
ROE came in at 5.31%. And operating expenses to net interest income came in at 35.1%. ROE 
came in at 23.5%, as I mentioned earlier. 
Let's quickly jump to cross-sell franchise Panel 48. 40.5 million customers. You can see below, 
we started Q1 with 2.73 million customers, went to 2.61 million, went to 3.14 million. And 
normally, Q1 and Q3 are peak quarters. That's really how we observed over many years now, at 
least in the last four years, five years. So in a way, we were just a tad below Q3, which is 
normally a peak quarter and came in at 3.1 million new customers added to the franchise in Q4. 
So gives us reasonable confidence that we can maintain a 11 million to 12 million customer 
franchise growth in -- I mean, I do dream of a day when someday we'll have 100 million 
consumers -- customers for us as a company sometime in the near term. 
Let's quickly jump to Panel 52. This is the AUM mix. Identical, that's one word for it. Two-
wheeler, three-wheeler 5% a year ago, 5%; urban sales finance, 8%, 7%; urban B2C, 20%, 20%; 
rural, 2%, 2%; 8%, 8%; 13%, 14%. And loan against securities is 7%, but that 2% as you -- that's 
where the difference between core and otherwise is, which as a residual number is at 6%. 
Commercial lending is 7% and mortgages at 31%. We don't expect, as I've said multiple times, 
we don't expect this product mix to change in any given manner. And we think we can continue 
to comfortably grow while maintaining this mix plus-minus 1%. 2% will be a big number given 
our size of the balance sheet, 1% plus-minus is possible. 
Just last panel in terms of provisioning coverage, Panel 55, overall GNPA, two-wheeler is now 
around to 4.79%. Rest of the numbers are all in -- SME lending, you see 1.24%. Rest are all 
below 1%. In terms of net NPA, two-wheeler, three-wheeler finance, 2.43%; and rest are sub-
25 basis points, as you can see. And that's how we came in at 94 basis points and 34 basis points 
from a year ago, which was 1.6% and 68 basis points to 94 basis points and 34 basis points. 
So overall, in a pretty strong position from a portfolio quality standpoint, just last panel on stage-
wise ECL. I mean, as you can see here, there's -- as of 31st of March, we are around 64% PCR 
on Stage 3, on Stage 2 at 31%, as you can see, and Stage 1 is at 80 basis points. So pretty well 
positioned and strongly placed. That is really the quarter. On portfolio metrics, nothing to talk 
about, they're all at what I would call ever-high numbers. So -- or ever-best numbers that I've 
seen in a long, long time. So that's the quarter gone by. 
Happy to take questions between me and the management team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
So couple of questions. Firstly, with respect to the entire penal charges, digital document which 
came from RBI. So what is the kind of impact in terms of how we see capitalization of charges 
happening? And how much could be, like say, the proportion of penal interest versus penal 
charges for us? 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes. So Kunal, first things first, we don't capitalize charges into the loan account of the customer. 
So we are largely unimpacted by the RBI regulation. Of course, it is in draft form at this point 
in time, we will await final guidelines from RBI. That's one. 
Second, I think the bigger consideration that is coming out in the guideline is that, is the charges 
being considered for profiteering. Very clearly, the penal and bounce charges that we get from 
the customers are lower than the commission or recovery costs that we incur for collecting the 
EMI. This is not for profiteering. The charges that we collect are basically to take care of the 
cost that we incur for collecting the installments. 
Rajeev Jain: 
We also benchmark these fees and charges with regard to the industry on an ongoing basis and 
adjust them suitably if you find any areas of improvement or opportunity. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And maybe it should not be limited by the penal interest. So that definitely is not there -- 
as far as this is concerned. 
Sandeep Jain: 
 
That's correct. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And overall in terms of the penal charges within the other income, what could be the 
overall proportion of it? If you can quantify that? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes, Kunal, we do disclose as part of the annual report, the breakup of fees and charges into 
service admin charges, distribution income, fees and value-add service. The service admin 
charges or a decent contribution of service and admin fees is from penal and bounce charges. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Okay. So this service and admin, it should be largely the penal charges? 
Sandeep Jain: 
 
Yes. A large portion of that would be penal and bounce charges, that's correct. 
Rajeev Jain: 
But mind you Kunal, we were saying, it is corresponding number and recovery commission 
that's sitting in the expenses line. That's the point he was earlier making and both are published. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And secondly, Rajeev, maybe compared to last time in terms of indicating with respect to 
competitive intensity as well as focus on margins vis-a-vis the growth we don't see that 
commentary this time added. So anything which you are seeing at the ground level, or are we 
more confident in terms of say growth going forward? How should we look at that, yes? 
Rajeev Jain: 
India banking is now retail banking. So principally, then everybody is competing with 
everybody. So then what is there to talk about competitive intensity. That's why I removed it. So 
your observation is correct. I mean, if wholesale is growing at 5%, then the only thing that's 
growing is retail. So that's one part. Overall, in general, when I'm looking at the bureau data in 
terms of disbursements, overall consumer credit growth metrics are looking very, very strong. 
So as I said, India credit market is increasingly looking more-and-more retail. So those with the 
franchise, those who understand risk, and those who have the products to sell to consumers, and 
those who can keep them engaged through various digital channels should win. I think that's 
principally the orientation. 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
The only point I would make, when I look at the overall unsecured AUM, overall engine, we 
think our market share is between 7% and 8%. The opportunity remains pretty large. But given 
the rapid growth of personal loan disbursement by a host of players who've not seen a cycle, I 
worry a little bit about it because I never want to forget that PL principally is a risk business, 
and it's not a balance sheet business. It is principally a risk business. So that's the only other 
additional observation point I would make. 
So growth is strong. Momentum is good, strong across product lines, India banking is mostly 
retail and unsecured is growing probably the fastest. I'm not talking credit cards here. I am 
talking unsecured PL here. So I would just worry about, because those who've seen cycles are 
probably, would be more mature about it than others. You won't see that sentence anymore until 
such time just on a lighter vein. Until such time India banking goes back to more balanced mix 
of retail and wholesale. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
And margin vis-à-vis growth in terms of balancing that out? So we have sustained it, but… 
Rajeev Jain: 
So you can see Q4, I mean, rates have been going up, given our strong ALM that we've continued 
to manage as a company and the diversified balance sheet profile. Actually, if you look at full 
year, there was no impact of interest rate hikes on NIM in FY '23. I think that's a factual point 
now. Do we expect gradual moderation in margins in FY '24? The answer is yes. But if you 
assume one more rate hike, we expect NIM moderation of 40 to 50 basis points on a full year 
basis. 
That's really what our -- and this is including one more rate hike. And mind you, part of it will 
get mitigated if I took an overall P&L view by peaking of opex metrics, best ever credit metrics 
will partially mitigate that frame as well. So it should overall have low impact on ROA and ROE 
profile as we get into FY '24 is really how we are seeing things to be. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Okay, great. Thanks, and all the best, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval: 
Yes, hi, Rajeev. Congrats on strong performance. I just had a couple of questions. First was 
relating to customer acquisition. So I observed that since third quarter, we've seen significant 
pick-up, especially on physical acquisition because digital, by and large, has been steady around 
600,000 mark. So just wanted to understand if we've made any major changes on the risk or any 
new product which is driving this acquisition engine. If you could just talk a little bit around 
that. And the outlook for next year, I think you sort of concertedly revised the guidance on 
customer acquisition as you got confidence on the physical piece. How do you think about the 
next couple of years in terms of new customer additions? So that's the first question. 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, it's a very fair question. See, in the last 120-odd days, we've looked at capacity planning lot 
more closely. Of course, geographic expansion happens as it happens. Because as we -- mind 
you, we've been running through pandemic it's been one action, go forward, one action going 
back. I think at a design level, that's really how through last three years have been. In the last 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
120-days, as things started to look up and full normalization seemed to fully revert. I don't mean 
just in pandemic. 
As we started to have greater control over the P&L, we looked at the capacity planning across 
our businesses, more so in sales finance part of our business and have significantly ramped-up 
our staffing both at the stores and in terms of people who manage them all the way from 1 to 
3,700 cities in India. That's starting to in the last 60, 75 days yield significant results. That's 
really almost well, Dhaval, we do see -- we should be able to dispense 35-odd million loans in 
FY '24. That would be a reasonable metric for us to -- which will be a 20% growth. So it's not 
like -- but we do see that number move. 
Dhaval:  
 
Got it. And the second question is around sort of income profitabilities? 
Rajeev Jain: 
I talked about it earlier, Dhaval, that we do see some level of moderation. I made that point, 
right? I mean, we want to protect profitability because at the end of the day, through COVID, 
that's one of the things that, that protected the company and all its constituents. So we expect 
NIM moderation of 40, 50 basis points, as I said earlier. But as I’ve said, opex metrics have 
already peaked. Opex to NIM is at 34.1%. Should look anywhere between 33.7% to 34% on a 
full year basis next year. That’s really what we are looking at. Credit metrics hold. They are 
looking strong. So, net impact on ROA and ROE should be reasonably low. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
I just had two questions. The first one was that, yesterday Bajaj Auto announced that they had 
applied for an NBFC license. So, any impact on your business from that? That’s the first 
question. 
Rajeev Jain: 
 It’s 5% of our balance sheet today, which is essentially captive. You are aware we’ve started 
open architecture two-wheeler financing. So, this was announced not yesterday, this was actually 
announced a year odd ago. Bajaj Auto had also announced then, that they’re applying for a 
NBFC license. I think they have applied for one. So that’s also in public domain. And as they 
get the license, they set it up, they’ll decide how to go about, how much do they want to book 
the business here and so on and so forth. But it’s in a 24-month horizon, I would see we should 
expect no change, but we’ll see. 
Second order, we are building our own open architecture two-wheeler financing business. We 
we launched that business in June, July. We expect that business to be 2,50,000 to 3,00,000 two-
wheeler loans non-Bajaj Auto in the current fiscal. So we’re now already clocking anywhere 
between 11,000 to 13,000 new accounts every month. And it’s a staggered rollout. We for the 
first six months did not rollout in many cities. Having gained confidence we are now accelerating 
the pace a little bit and foresee 250,000 to 300,000 open architecture accounts. So, that’s really 
how we see. Yes. Sandeep, Sandeep had a point. 
Sandeep Jain: 
So, Mahrukh, I think, we move a significant volume for Bajaj Auto. I think, we remain a large 
partner for them. We continue to work with them in that spirit. Post the RBI license to run their 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
own NBFC, they can decide what, they deem appropriate for their company. We continue to run 
the business. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Thanks a lot. My next question, you probably partly answered it. But my next question is that 
most NBFCs and banks are bullish on demand for FY’24, whereas a lot of market participants 
are a little worried about the high base and a possible slowdown. So what is your view? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, one, I think India seems well placed to grow at 6% and above. So, I think that’s point number 
one. As I said earlier, overall consumer credit growth seems quite strong. If you look at some of 
the bureau data, that we’re tracking on a three-year pattern standpoint, the numbers look very, 
very strong. As I said earlier, in some of those segments, it’s my personal view, when I see that 
level of growth that worries me a little, but that’s for each company to manage its own risk and 
play. 
We do, our view would be, if we could, given our exit momentum. We principally think given 
the best ever portfolio metrics, strong customer acquisition engine, a strong AUM growth, exit 
rate that we’ve delivered. And a scalable app and web digital stack. We should be able to grow 
anywhere between 28%, 29% on a consolidated basis with an equally sharp focus on profitability 
in FY’24 as well. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Rajeev Jain: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
 
Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations to Rajeev.  
Moderator: 
Umang, sorry to interrupt you. But we are losing your audio. May I request you to come in a 
better reception area please? 
Umang Shah: 
Yes. I’ll just repeat. Two questions that I have, first is on the leadership transition. So, with Anup 
and Rakesh onboard with, on the board in their new roles, is there any change in terms of roles 
and responsibilities between yourselves and the senior leadership team, if at all? 
Rajeev Jain: 
The answer is, no. I mean, you know, principally, the reason for appointment of the two senior 
colleagues of mine on the board, as the company grows larger and works towards delivering its 
long-range strategy. We have to continue to, we must as a company continue to augment the 
bench. And as a result, the company onboarded both of them who are Deputy CEOs of the 
company doing very large roles as board members. They bring vast business experience and 
which should really help the company as it continues to grow from here on. So that was the 
objective of they’re moving as Board members, as Executive Directors. 
Umang Shah: 
The second question that I have is on the asset mix. So FY’23 as you already spoke during your 
initial comments, AUM mix hasn’t really changed much. Our portfolio metrics are looking really 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
great. And I think you also have a closer to about INR1,000-odd crores of management overlay, 
which is sitting on the balance sheet. Then in that case, given that you’re talking about some 
NIM pressures. Is it possible that we may see the tilt of the balance sheet shifting more in favor 
of riskier or unsecured assets? Or we are targeting for maintaining similar sort of asset mix? 
Rajeev Jain: 
 No, this is our mix. This is our mix, plus-minus as I said 1%. It’s also hard to change this mix. 
At INR2,50,000 crores, I can’t shift this mix unless and until, and there is no unless and until. I 
can’t shift the mix. And we like this mix. I think it delivers optimal outcomes from a risk 
management and scalability standpoint. So, plus-minus 1% is really how it’s likely to change. 
It’s been not only just two years, if you go back even to 2020, the number was 32%, 33%, let’s 
say we take mortgages as an example. So, these numbers are largely, have been in the corridor, 
even in ’19, ’20, if I look at it. So, not likely to change, Umang. 
Umang Shah: 
 
 Understood. Perfect. Great. Thank you so much and wish you good luck. Thanks. 
Rajeev Jain: 
 
 Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Hi, sir. There are two questions. One is, how is your market share in subvention fee, I think right 
now, basically in the 50% assets. And the second is in terms of credit filters, relative to your 
own history where will you be? Will your credit filters now be below the 2018 level? Or, if we 
can get some sort of your comments on that? Thank you. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Both are fair questions. at a design level, we are a market leader by a wide margin, you know 
that. So, I don’t have to tell you, intend to remain so. Earlier point that I made to one of the 
questions that we’ve augmented our B2B infrastructure, significantly given we are seeing 
stability. So, we are likely to see the market share grow is really what our view is. Given the 
investments in the last 90 days we’ve made on staffing. So, the market share number, if you go 
by value it would be upwards of 50%, by value. Volume; we make a set of choices, because we 
have to deliver growth and profitability. 
We make a set of choices and those choices we’re very clear about, that they’re made to ensure 
we make per unit economic profit. If you don’t make per unit economic profit, which meets your 
threshold irrespective of what our competition is doing, we would not do. And I still said, we’re 
still, we foresee that we should grow volume itself by 20% in the next fiscal. So that’s what our 
view on point of sale business is, Saurabh. In terms of risk filters, at a design level, we were 
very, very tight over the last three years. As I said earlier, that, we all now looking at pandemic 
in hindsight. 
But benefit of hindsight is you’re out of it also. We were very, very tight over the last three years. 
As you’ve seen data flow, based on data, by market, by line of business, we take decisions. So 
there is no answer that I have a lose stand or I have a risky stand or so, it’s data determined. 
Whatever the data says is how we run our business and we intend to continue to do so. You 
know, Sandeep is just telling me that, so that people don’t mistake. We used to say, that our 
subvention market share was, it used to be 67%, 68%. 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Our reasonable estimate which is between 60% to 65%. And I would say, it’s very likely in 
FY’24, it will go back to that level. Definitely, in terms of value. So he is just saying, so that the 
metric is not confused with. And that was a value market share in terms of disbursement, 
upwards of 50% number that I talked about. This is subvention market share. 
Saurabh Kumar:  
Thank you. 
Rajeev Jain: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhuvnesh Garg from Investec Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a data keeping question. So sir, what could be the number 
of active customers as on March ’23, basically the customers who are currently in active loan 
and paying payment…  
Rajeev Jain: 
We’re banking 30 million customers currently every month. We have 18 million, 19 million 
MAUs on the digital app platform, but the banking number is real and material. 
Bhuvnesh Garg:  
Okay. Thank you. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek, may I request you to unmute your line from your side and go ahead with your 
question, please. Due to no response. We move onto the next participant. The next question is 
from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Got couple of questions. First, again, you have explained in 
details, but now considering that your customer franchises reached almost closer to a third of the 
entire sort of a bureau, a data base count. Now from here onwards, I mean, you are still expecting 
kind of a close to 16%, 17% growths in the franchisee annually. I mean, do you expect, you to 
continue to sort of increase the penetration in the current bureau database customers? Are you 
expecting this, that the so called loanable customers of the bureau database, itself to grow at a 
certain rate. So that’s number one. Second, just in terms of your experience, are you seeing some 
kind of a slowdown in mortgages in this kind of a high rate environment in the current going 
month. I mean, what’s your sort of reading for early reading for FY’ 24 mortgage? So, you have 
two questions. Thank you. 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, I'll, you know, in general, our experience is for the new customers that we bring on board, 
between 60% and 65% of the bureau score of 750 and rest 30, 35 are new to credit. That's our, 
in general, multi-year track record. That's our experience. That's empirical experience over the 
last many, many years. That has not changed even in FY23. So, I think there remains a lot of 
room is the only point I would make. On home loan demand, Atul is the right person to opine, 
but I'll just say that I think clearly higher interest rate and high inflation in general lead to slower 
mortgage demand. I think, so there's no, I'm only making a point that is known for the last many 
decades. It just flows through at a cascading level into the sector. So, I think that's the only point 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
I would make. We grew 24% in the quarter that went by, on a full year basis grew 30%. Our size 
remains small. 
Atul Jain: 
So, as far as home loan is concerned, what we have seen in the last two quarters, towards in the 
affordable segment, affordable segment, when we say, I don't mean affordable as per EWS 
definition, but let us say 50 lakh kind of a unit, we have seen a slowness in uptick because as a 
higher interest rates and the inflation, I think has bricked in into some part, but overall demand 
still remains strong. Overall home sales remain strong. Inventory at the industry level, I think is 
all time low. In few markets, it is even less than 12 months, which is there and the luxury demand 
in the upper premium segment demand remains very strong. So, in FY24, as of now, we don't 
see a major demand compression, if I have to say, my view or the way we are looking at the 
market. 
Rajeev Jain: 
And I’ll just add to what Atul said, our overall size remains small. Aggregate balance sheet is 
INR77,000 crores, aggregate 69,500 there and another 7,000 aggregate balance sheet here, 
INR78,000 crores. So, we have a lot of headroom to grow, even if the growth is slowing down. 
Atul Jain: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakhar Sharma from Jefferies India. Please go 
ahead. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Thank you. Rajeev, just two questions, one from a slightly longer term perspective. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Didn’t get your name. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Prakhar. Sandeep, Prakhar here. So, I just wanted to check on two things. One is on the upcoming 
announcements around one of the large corporates, Reliance Group trying to foray into this 
company, into the segment. I know hardly anything is known, but from your perspective, Rajeev, 
how do you prepare Bajaj Finance for something which can be intense? We don't know, but how 
do you prepare within the information that you have? That is the first thing and I'll have a small 
data question after that. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, I wouldn’t like to comment on competition. That's point number one I would make. India 
represents tremendous, very large opportunity for long-term growth in financial services. What 
is in my control is that I would work, instead work towards realizing our ambition of 100 million 
consumers, which is really the ambition that you have outlined, and take a disproportionate share 
of these 100 million consumers' payments in financial services, products and services. With a 
laser-sharp focus, I would say, on frictionless experience. That's really what I would do. 
Opportunity remains very large and we compete. We compete today with those who have been 
in this business for decades and decades. It's a highly competitive industry. That's really what I 
would say, Prakhar to you. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Got it. Just one small clarification, if you can make, on this margin trajectory and cost. Maybe 
it's neutral at an aggregate level, but just to understand the margin lever more, this 30-40 basis 
point readjustment that we could see between FY23 and FY24, is it contingent upon another rate 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
hike or it would nevertheless happen and we would probably still have only a little bit impact on 
ROA, nothing more than that, if you can clarify that part. 
Sandeep Jain: 
So, Prakash, 40-50 basis point compression that Rajeev referred to does factor in potential one 
increase by RBI. So, it does take into account that consideration. That's point number one. Point 
number two is, again, Rajeev clarified that we don't expect a significant impact on the ROA and 
ROE for the company. I think opex to name it is currently at over 35% for the current year. We 
are expecting it to be below 34% in the next FY24. That should give us some savings. Overall 
impact to ROA could be 5, 10, 15 basis point and max. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is, in the last quarter, when we articulated 
our long-range strategy, a few segments that we are looking to enter, MFI, vehicle financing, we 
just wanted to understand, are these all going to be organic capabilities that we are going to build 
at Bajaj Finance or there could be some acquisitions along the way? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So, all organic, no inorganic. That's the answer. We like to build businesses rather than buy 
businesses. So, and we've already outlined our ambition, towards our ambition, products that of 
our customers' wallet that we don't offer, which we got to cover. I also said, however, in the last 
quarter's call, that the new product launches contribution to AUM will not be material number 
for next three years. Let me make that point. Let me reinforce actually that point. It will, the next 
three-year AUM is essentially going to come from the current set of products that if you take a 
five-year view, which is really why we published a five-year strategy, the answer is yes. In a 
three-year horizon, we are not likely to see material change in the product mix stack and the 
contribution of these products to the overall AUM. So, and next three-year AUM will come from 
existing set of products essentially. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you Rajeev. My last question is again on this personal loans, ODs, unsecured personal 
loans. You briefly touched upon that earlier, where you also highlighted that given that we have 
a whole host of NBFCs who have entered this segment, NBFCs who have not seen many cycles 
in the path and who have entered this segment, how I said quality could really pan out for this 
product? My question here is, Rajeev, I mean, from what I understand, we were at least among 
NBFCs, the clear leader in this product segment and probably we still are. But given that we 
have, I mean, I can think of so many NBFCs today who have entered this personal loans, OD 
product segment, started offering all these flexi loans, which we have championed in the past. 
Are you seeing, I mean, the pie itself going up or are they some of these NBFCs gaining market 
share from you in this segment? 
Rajeev Jain: 
When I was making, talking unsecured personal loan, I was not meaning NBFCs. Let me clarify, 
I was meaning the overall banking system because NBFCs are only 20% of the system, the 80% 
is banking system. I think that is, so I was meaning the entire banking system, banking being or 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
the financial system, including PSU, private, public and NBFCs. And the order is, this is not the 
order, I mean all. And as I said, when I look at the numbers, I hope people have modelled their 
models to know these are fixed interest rate products, have a cycle and they know they have only 
been going longer across the industry, what we can see. 
So that is really what I was meaning. But I was not meaning fintechs, I must reinforce that point. 
I was not meaning fintechs, I was not meaning small loans, I was referring to INR3 lakh plus 
average personal loan, which is, so that is really what I was principally referring to because the 
small ticket personal loans deliver volumes, they do not deliver disbursements, they do not 
deliver value. So, as I said, as Anup is saying that, is it risk adjusted or not? That is the point 
Anup is making. It is a fixed interest rate, long tenor, cycle not accounted for frame is the only 
point I am flagging, if I may say so. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Fair enough. This is useful. Thank you very much and wish you and your team the very best. 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would just make only one point. I mean, you know, the rightful thing to do would be to seek, 
if I may say so, as investor community so that I am not, is to look at bureau data. You know, I 
am not speaking from personal assessment, I am speaking from a, bureau data on a formal 
structure basis is the reason I am making the point. So, that is, and I would encourage you guys 
to engage them and seek information whatever they are able to provide. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer for CLSA India. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, firstly, if I may just start off, given that you all are 
meaningful players in the credit card market and revolver shares across the industry are down, 
just what are your thoughts on, you know, what will it take to improve, what are the levers to 
offset that as a credit card player? 
Rajeev Jain: 
I mean, you know, we are, we essentially distribute on behalf of RBL and DBS. I see the RBI 
data on spends and revolve and so on and so forth. It clearly does seem that structurally revolve 
rate is down and nobody has an answer to spends are not down that much, spends are up, but 
revolve is down. There is something at work and nobody seems to have an answer. And we 
essentially are mere distributors. So, we have only that much insight into the profile. But I, 
whatever I hear, I do clearly hear the revolve rates are down anywhere between 8%, 10%, 11%. 
Yes, so, you know, so nobody knows the answer. 
Piran Engineer: 
To offset that? 
Rajeev Jain: 
You can't offset that, right? I mean, you know, it's a, it'll build up. Having said that, I would just 
say to you that principally, the only logical reasoning that everybody is able to come to is that a 
lot of customers who would revolve and over long periods of time and these cycles have been 
seen in the Western market when a crisis happens, the revolve rate drops dramatically. And over 
time, the new customers come in whose revolve rates are high, and it builds as part of the overall 
balance sheet to reflect the high revolve rate. That's really a cycle play. Yes, so sometime, it's 

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
time that you'd wait for, it won't happen quickly. But would it sometime go back? The answer 
is yes. When one will have to watch monthly data, so far is not demonstrating is what it seems 
to me in general, that revolve rates are up in any given manner. From whatever I can read in 
public domain. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay, fair enough. And my next question, you know, basically, in the last con call, we discussed 
what sort of yield hikes have been taken in fixed rate products, you know, and in the last nine 
months, it was about 50 to 70 bps. Have we seen further rate hikes in fourth quarter? And are 
we expecting in FY 24? The basic reason of asking this is that, you know, in the last one year, 
home loan players have passed on the entire cost of funds to their borrowers. Whereas auto loans, 
personal loans, these guys who you would have thought would have been able to pass on and 
not been able to pass on the entire increase in cost of funds, which is pretty counterintuitive. So 
just wanted to get your thoughts on that? 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, no, your point is absolutely correct. Logically should have happened. Anyway, it goes back 
to the point on competitive intensity, right? People are gathering assets are they mispricing? 
Asset gathering is a question that will have to be answered someday. Is the conclusion that one 
would reach is what I would say, Piran. So it's for each company to determine. Sorry. 
Piran Engineer: 
Have we hiked after December? Till December it was 60-70 bps. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, we have not hiked. 
Piran Engineer: 
No. Okay. Okay. And if I just may squeeze in a yes or no question now with this removal of 
commission caps for insurers, you know, any meaningfully higher distribution income 
possibility for you? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Piran, difficult to answer. I think IRDA  has come out with regulation at this point in time. And 
the insurance companies are expected to review it, see the performance of the intermediary, see 
how propense, how penetration is going up. And based on that, probably take a call in terms of 
what is rightful commission that they name appropriate. I would say, depending on the size, 
scale, and the unique feature that a corporate agent can bring to the insurance company. 
Rajeev Jain: 
And performance of the portfolio. 
Sandeep Jain: 
I think IRDA has reasonably liberalized it. They have given caps. And within that, the insurance 
company is expected to follow policy. So we will await that. 
Piran Engineer: 
Got it. Great. Thanks for your answers and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Samir Bhise for closing comments. 
Samir Bhise: 
Thank you, Nirav. Thank you, everyone, for joining this call today. Thank you to Rajeev and 
team for giving me the opportunity to host the call. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much.  

 
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. We may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
