 
11.02.2023 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
Sub.:   Transcript of Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Symbol:  JASH 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q3 FY23 Earnings conference call with the Investors held 
on Monday, 6th February 2023. 
 
You are requested to take the aforementioned information on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For JASH Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tushar Kharpade 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUSHAR 
KHARPADE
Digitally signed by 
TUSHAR 
KHARPADE 
Date: 2023.02.11 
13:10:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Jash Engineering Limited  
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRATIK PATEL - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DHARMENDRA JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Good evening and welcome to the Jash Engineering Q3 FY23 earnings conference call. 
Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward 
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties and other 
factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risk that could cause the future 
result performance or achievements to differ significantly from what it is expressed or 
implied by such forward looking statements.  
 
Please note that we have mailed the results, and the same are available on the company's 
website. In case if you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be 
happy to send the same, over to you. 
 
To ask questions, please select the raise hand option. We will call out your name, and then 
request you to unmute yourself and ask the question. Please note that questions on the chat 
box will not be monitored on an active basis. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have top management 
of Jash Engineering Limited represented by Mr. Pratik Patel - Chairman and Managing 
Director and Mr. Dharmendra Jain – Chief Financial officer. 
We will start the call with brief overview of the quarter, gone past, and then conduct a 
Q&A session. With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pratik Patel. Over to you 
Sir. 
Pratik Patel: 
Good afternoon, everyone and I thank you for sparing your time and attending this investor 
meet. I would first like to go to a small presentation, which some of you must have seen 
before and the new entrant would like to know more about the company. That's why we go 
to that presentation very briefly. And then I will go on to the financial results for the nine 
months ending 31st December. 
As many of you know, we are a manufacturing company not an EPC company. We 
manufacture equipment for water, wastewater treatment plant, conveyance, pumping 
station etc. That also includes storm water and solution. We are based in countries, we 
have a manufacturing plant in America and in India, the Austria plant has been closed. We 
have around 850 employees and we are supplying our equipments to more than 40 
countries worldwide. We are also approved by most of the authorities in these countries. It 
shows how the company has evaluated over a period of time.  Today based on acquisition 
which we have done, the company is on a very sound putting product wise as well as 
market acceptance. 
These are the acquisition which we have done, Sureseal, Shivpad, Mahr and Rodney Hunt. 
And all these acquisitions have led to increasing the product bouquet which the company 
offers as well as establishing ourselves into new markets. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
We have 5 plants presently and combined turnover capability of these 5 plants is close to 
500 crores. We are under taking expansion in unit II presently, Unit III expansion was 
done a few months back and Unit II is now undergoing. With these expansions we are in a 
position to increase our turnover potential from 500 to 650 crores in the coming years. We 
have invested in one of the best manufacturing facilities as well as capability in our line of 
business and this would help the company in time to come.  
Most of the products we make for water and wastewater related industry and water control 
gates, heavy fabricated gates, screening equipment, screening conveying equipment and 
knife gate valves and special purpose valves, bulk solid handling valve all these form bulk 
of our products and in addition to that we also do process equipment, hydro power 
equipment, screw pumps, filtering equipment and these are the new gen products. And 
with this the company today is in the position to offer a wide range of equipment, which 
none of our competitor can offer from a single source or single company. Our products are 
used in these applications in India as well as outside India, it is industrial as well as for 
municipal and for irrigation. 
For the nine months ending 31st December, 46% of all businesses come from water control 
gates, 30% of businesses come from the screening products, 15% of the business have 
come from valve and 9% of our business has come from other miscellaneous product 
which is process equipment as well as hydro power and pumping equipment. 
I am glad to inform that when we embark on our vision of becoming a global company, we 
accept that we will bring more than 65% of our revenue from outside India. We are nearly 
in line with that of the total revenue of 233 crores, 126 crores revenue is from outside 
India. We supply to projects in Europe, USA, Middle East India as well as far and 
Southeast Asia. And in the screen, we have shown you the amount of business we are 
doing in various sectors of the world. We are proved by most of the clients and consultants 
in India as well as outside India and this gives us a very strong strength of ensured business 
potential worldwide.  
Now, coming to the financial performance of the company. First, I will go through the 
standalone for the three major revenue earning companies of the group. Jash Engineering 
Limited is the biggest company of the Jash Engineering and it owns all the other 
companies and 100% subsidiaries are Shivpad as well as Rodney Hunt. Jash Engineering 
has improvement in its turnover as well as in its profit after tax. The profit after tax 
improved significantly because of reduction in raw material as well as improved order 
intake of high value-added product. In case of Shivpad also we have seen significant 
improvement in turnover as well as in profitability. However, in Rodney Hunt the turnover 
did not grow as expected even though we have a very high order book position in Rodney 
Hunt and as a result of that, we have some increase in losses over last year, they are minor 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
$0.2 billion but we are sure to work on this, since we expect in the last quarter to achieve 
revenue of more than $20 million. So, from $12 million now, we expect to achieve more 
than $20 million by the end of this year and once we do that even Rodney Hunt would be 
quite profitable. 
On the consolidated figures we have had increase in revenue from ₹214 to 241 crores but 
this has resulted in improved gross profit margin as well as EBITDA margin and our profit 
before tax. Profit before tax and Profit after tax has significantly improved, along with 
other income, more than ₹22 crores has been our comprehensive income for the 9 months 
period. This is the consolidated income statement which shows quarter wise performance 
as well as performance in ending 9 months and as you can check our 9 months ending 31st 
December, our EPS has significantly improved, nearly doubled than what we have 
achieved last year same time. 
Coming to our business outlook, I'm pleased to say that our order booking is quite strong it 
is nearly 720 crores today with more than 471 crores of orders outside India and 249 crores 
of orders within India. Considering the two subsidiaries which are our major contributor to 
the turnover. Rodney Hunt has also had a very good order book position, ₹269 crores and 
Shivpad have ₹12.47 crores order book position. Overall, I would say that we have a very 
strong order book position which should be able to get us even through the next one 
financial year 2023-24. And so, I'm happy to note that the company is on a very strong 
footing now, we have not too much worried about the recession, which is expected 
globally because our order book position is sound. 
Our order pipeline also is quite strong. We have already negotiated orders for ₹33 crores 
and orders worth around ₹25-26 crores are under final negotiation. These order also we 
expect to get finalise within next few weeks. And so, we have a strong order book position 
backed by good order inflow in the coming months. 
We still maintain the same sales outlook which we had projected at the beginning of the 
year. We see some challenges in maintaining that so it's possible that ₹430 crores may go 
down before ₹20 crores or so but that should not be a major deviation in that.  
Coming to the developments I would like to tell that the order book position of Rodney 
Hunt today is close to $33 million. So even when we do close to $9 million in the next 
three months, we would still be having pending order book position of $22 billion plus few 
million which will be added in the current two months. In Rodney Hunt we have already 
bought the land in Houston and part payment has been given and all the payment will be 
made by March.  

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
The agreement with Invent of Germany has been finalized and I'll be going to Germany in 
the end of this week to sign the agreement and also to take this business forward. 
The work on new product line in unit II is progressing well and we will commission this in 
Q3 of this coming financial year. At the same time in Shivpad, most of the approvals are in 
process some of the approvals we have already got. So once all the approvals are received, 
we will float the tender for construction of the plant, this plant construction would be 
started in April 2023 and we hope to complete the plant by 2024 March. The company has 
also granted 2,45,600 options to the eligible employee under Jash ESOP scheme of 2019 
with this grant close to 200-280 people in the company would be the shareholder. This 
would be best for the company because if the staff are committed and they see creation of 
wealth for themselves by better output and better vigilance in the company it will benefit 
all shareholder. 
I am pleased to inform that the company have backed an award which is from the 
independent agency ICAI for excellence in financial reporting or financial year 2021-22 
and this was for companies having turnover of less than 500 crores which is quite a 
prestigious thing for the company because ICAI is very renowned institution of chartered 
accountants and if they consider us as being good in financial reporting, I would say that 
we are doing something good.    
During the 17th Pravasi Bhartiya Divas organized at Indore, the government of India has 
selected our plant after due diligence and visit by top ministry of external affair people that 
this is the company which should be showcased to the visitor and in this progression the 
President of Guyana visited our company. The foreign minister of Panama was also 
suppose to visit our company, however she could not make it as she got delayed elsewhere 
but the president visited and Guyana now is looking forward to using our product for their 
energy needs because the country is growing and they need lot of gates and other 
equipment for sustenance and someone from our US office will be visiting Guyana shortly 
to take this forward. 
In the end I would like to say that we have had a quite healthy growth and improvement in 
all type of numbers like revenue, EBITDA or profitability. The main reason for 
profitability is better order profitability, high value addition order and reduction in raw 
material prices. Though the raw material prices are still going up and down but we have 
overcome whatever happened last year and so in future I can assure that we would be able 
to do better. Our subsidiary companies are also doing good and as we all are aware that Q4 
of the year is where we do mist of our revenue. So, in Jash as well as in our subsidiary 
companies the most of the revenue would be done in Q4and on account of that we are 
looking forward to good improvement in our performance. I would like to state here that as 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
said that ICAI award which we got shows that we have good governance, there are good 
reporting and it is part of our culture and we continue to keep ourself align with the best 
practices. And if any of you feel that we should be doing something more we are open to 
the suggestions because I believe that the more transparent you are, more positive you are 
in your reporting the shareholder as well as all the stakeholder are better place in our 
company. We do not want something like what happened currently, you are all aware what 
happened and something like that happens with us and so we are very vigilant and we will 
try to be more vigilant and transparent. 
 years Finally, I would say that our domestic market is very strong, it is something which I 
have not seen over last 7-8 years. Finally it looks like domestic market is also coming I 
line with the global market, so in years to come we are looking at very strong domestic 
order book position and this should propel the company along with our total export 
position which is also becoming stronger. So, I would say as a result of strong domestic 
market and our strong presence in global market we are now on verge of further growth 
with increased profitability. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Gentle reminder to 
all the participants to ask question please select the raise hand option. We will now wait for 
the movement until the question queue assemble. The first question is from Mr. Navin. 
Navin, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Navin: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all I want to congratulate Jash team for winning the 
ICAI award. My question is I wanted to understand the competitive landscape in USA in 
the wake of rising interest rates.  
Pratik Patel: 
In USA the rising interest rate dose not only affect us, it affects all our competitors. So, for 
us it’s not a big issue. The rising interest rate definitely affect the execution of the project 
because of the rising cost some projects may get deferred or announced for execution later 
on or some may slow down but, on an average, it is same for everyone not only for Rodney 
Hunt. So, I would say that rising interest rate dose not put us at a disadvantage vis-à-vis 
our competitors. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
At present we do not have any loan in USA, so there is no as such burden on us. If we take 
it will be equivalent to others. 
Navin: 
My question was more in respect to the competitive landscape, does it change because the 
USA companies compared to us won’t be that competitive. 
 
No, there is no such change because when you supply from India to America you are 
building up a normal cost and then on that they are adding up overhead and margins and 
import it. I think that does not affect us much. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Navin: 
My second question is I want to understand what is the finished goods inventory at the end 
of the 9 months. Are we sitting on lot of finished goods inventory considering our 
execution for the first 9 months. 
Pratik Patel: 
Let me tell you there were 2 things which I would like to explain here. One is finished 
goods and one is goods which are being delivered but has not reached as per import terms. 
So, we have delivered material worth Rs.14 crores on 31st of December which has not been 
considered in our revenue because they have not reached the site. In addition to that I am 
talking of Jash Engineering standalone only. In addition to that Rs.19 crores worth of 
finished goods are lying at our plant dually inspected because of the payment reason or 
because of clearance from the client to dispatch. So Rs.33 crores is the amount of finished 
goods which are either ready with the plant or in dispatch, this is for standalone. The same 
position is in Shivpad and Rodney Hunt would be around another Rs.6-7 crores. 
Navin: 
You also spoke about changing India landscape and you will see order book traction going 
forward. Could you speak more about it, is it any particular municipality or across. 
 
Across Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Bombay, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai. So, these cities 
alone has announced so many projects and the orders are being placed fast now because 
everyone knows election is coming and they want to place the order so that they don’t get 
into the hold by the election commission for placing order before election. So, as result of 
that we are seeing a huge traction in the domestic market which I have not seen for last 15-
20 years. 
Navin: 
Is it possible to quantify approximately. 
Pratik Patel: 
I believe that the businesses that we will get from all these projects which have been 
announced and which have been already ordered should be on an average 100-150% more 
than what was our domestic turnover in last few years. 
Navin: 
Thank you sir. That is all from my end, I will get back in the queue. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Navin. Next question is from Mr. Dilip. Please unmute yourself and go ahead 
Dilip: 
Pratikji two questions. One is our pending orders outside US and India is around Rs.200 
crores. Rs.220 crores from USA and Rs.470 total. This is very large chunk and I have 
never seen in last 5-6 years such big outside USA and India. So can you give some colour 
how much is from Singapore and Hongkong. And we have seen Singapore orders going 
forever and so is Hongkong. Please can you give some colour on the executability of this 
order. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, can I answer question by question otherwise with too many questions I will forget. So 
let me just tell you here, from Singapore we have around Rs.100 crores worth of orders. 
Execution of those orders have started, this year we will be supplying close to Rs.10-15 
crores worth of those orders and in the next 2 years all those orders will be executed for 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Singapore. Hongkong is going very strong all the orders in Hongkong are being under 
execution and there is no delay in Hongkong. The good thing which has happened in 
Hongkong is one of the competitor has closed shop. So, the order which we lost in 1 year 
have come back to us whether we can give or not. So in Southeast Asia, we are still very 
strong and we are doing well. In in US, what we saw order position is shown separately for 
US. So Southeast Asia, Middle East and Europe together also has a very strong order book 
position close to Rs.150 crores. 
 Dilip: 
So, other totals Rs.200 crores, actually in Europe, Southeast Asia and Middle East  
Pratik Patel: 
Yes, something like that. Some is also from Africa and like that and other countries but ya 
the total is Rs.200 crores of which Singapore is close Rs.200 crores, Hong Kong would be 
Rs.30-40 crores, Rs.20-30 crores will be from Middle East and Rs.20-30 crores is from 
Europe and Africa. 
Dilip: 
Sure so that's good. So, we are truly an international company now across the globe. 
Pratik Patel: 
In 2 more years, yes. In 2 years we would be an international company but we are reaching 
there. 
Dilip: 
Second question is, we had some issue regarding the size of the balance sheet USA 
Rodney Hunt and I remember last quarter or last to last quarter, you were talking about a 
$20 million deal where we had to take guarantee from a partner. So, is that still a problem 
and is that still a facing issue in biding for large client. 
Pratik Patel: 
If I am able to sell Orange land than we have a very good way out but other than that we 
are in talks with someone who is willing to fund us and when I go to US next week we will 
be having final talks with him. So, if he agree to do what he has agreed already than I think 
we have a way out.  
Dilip: 
Sure. So, we are dependent on this monetizing the land in Orange. 
Pratik Patel: 
Monetizing the land in Orange brings us enough surplus money that will not be dependent 
on anyone. However, for getting the bonding we will still be dependent on someone 
because none of us are a US citizen so we'll be dependent on a US citizen and one person 
has decided to come forward with giving his social security number etc and also giving a 
bond based on our giving him some financial benefits. 
Dilip: 
Sure. Third question is regarding the capacity. I know we are already in the middle of 23 
and I think most of our investment cycles are over right, we have already done whatever 
expansion we needed to do. So, what is the next leg if you are saying that we are going to 
get a large chunk of business from India in next 24 months, what I understand our capacity 
to produce is around Rs.600 crores  
Pratik Patel: 
It is around Rs.500 crores now. Two plants we are building up, one in unit I and one in 
Chennai and with that we will be reaching Rs.650 crores. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Dilip: 
Yeah, which unless it is proper, like finely balanced and we have SEZ and domestic 
production. So, is that going to be a constraint in next two years down the line?  
Pratik Patel: 
No. Fortunately we have separate plans for domestic market and separate plan for export 
market with this constrain is removed. Earlier constrain was export was also being 
produced in the domestic market. So, when the domestic market demand was there, either 
we have to bid for export or for domestic, so we had to sacrifice one of the markets. Today 
fortunately we are not in that position. 
Dilip: 
Sure. Okay, thank you 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Dilip. The next question is from Alisha, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Alisha: 
Sir last quarter also you highlighted that there has been some delay in the supply at Rodney 
Hunt, material was inspected and the client didn’t pick it up on time. This quarter also to 
some extent our consolidated revenues is impacted because of Rodney Hunt. Is there a 
particular client issue that we're facing? 
Pratik Patel: 
There is no client issue. In Rodney Hunt 70% of the revenue comes from goods 
manufactured in India. And sending from India to America now has become a very 
cumbersome thing. What used to reach America earlier in 45 to 50 days at side today takes 
at least three weeks more and as a result of that we are not able to like in the month of 
January itself, Rodney Hunt would be billing more than $3 million. So, all that is on 
account of transshipment and shipment delays. The client issue is there but it is very less 
because the shipment issue is the bigger one. 
Alisha: 
Okay, sure. And how is the demand in the ex-US export market? You did mention that you 
know we already have order book in Singapore, Hong Kong etc but incrementally and you 
did mention that domestic is looking strong but how is the demand outside US in the other 
geographies looking. 
Pratik Patel: 
One of the biggest competitor in UK have shut down. I think we are the reason for it 
shutting down or closing down. And that increases for us potential everywhere. As I said 
yesterday, we got a letter from his agent in Hong Kong that would you be able to finish 
those projects. Would you be able to help us out of this project because we are not going to 
get deliveries. So, this would definitely help us in building our revenues everywhere in 
UK, Middle East as well as in Southeast Asia. That company use to do 14 to 15 million 
pounds i.e.  ₹150 crores approximately of revenue in water control gates. 
Alisha: 
Okay. And in a previous quarter, we also mentioned that we had some amount of for lack 
of better word legacy order where the margins was slightly lower because of the RM 
inflation and the time they were picked. What is the update on that is all of that executed or 
can we expect some more pressure. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Pratik Patel: 
The execution is now starting we have not executed, but God has been great so Indian 
rupee has depreciatied enough to ensure that all those orders are now in profit. The raw 
material rates also have gone down by the way and dollar has appreciated, so at the end of 
the day now we are back to square one and we are profitable. 
Alisha: 
So in this 700 crores order book that we're holding, you're saying there will be very limited 
if any margin impact because of any previous orders also. 
Pratik Patel: 
As I said, the impact would be very minimal. One of the prime reasons would be that the 
rupee has depreciated. So, where the raw materials started going up, we also started going 
down and as a result we have reached a stage where we were still little bit negative, but 
now the raw material rates have started going down and they have stabilized to a certain 
level. At this level most of those orders are now profitable. Some are immensely profitable, 
some less profitable but most of them are now profitable.  
Alisha: 
Understood. So, we had an aspiration to do 10% PAT margin in this year and we continue 
to believe that will be achievable for this financial year FY23. 
Pratik Patel: 
I think so, we should be able to improve all the delivery stakes. See now we have made a 
policy that if the client does not pay, we will not deliver the material just to get billing. So 
that may put a little bit spoke in our aspiration but other than that, I would say there's 
nothing wrong as of today we chose to less than 10% PAT. We expect 11% but let us keep 
our fingers crossed if you are happy at and I'm also happy at 10%. 
Alisha: 
That's great. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Alisha. The next question is from Mr. Nitin Dharmavat, please unmute yourself 
and go ahead. 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, you mentioned about the possibility of Rs.650 crore 
revenue with some expansion that you mentioned. So, this will be by which financial year. 
Pratik Patel: 
Within 4 years’ time. 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
That is 2027 financial year. 
Pratik Patel: 
By 2025-26 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
Ok 2026, it is 3 years from now. 
Pratik Patel: 
In 2027 definitely. 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
Got it and this incremental revenue because of the competitor shutting down in UK. Have 
you included that as well in this or that is not included in the Rs.650 crore 
Pratik Patel: 
No addition because of any acquisition of someone who has closed down or someone want 
to won is not included. 
Nitin Dharmavat: 
Oh, got it. Thank you, I have only this many questions.  

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Siddesh Chawan:         Alisha, please go ahead. 
Alisha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again, just wanted to know by when do we now expect 
Rodney Hunt to break even because there was still some loss in this quarter. 
Pratik Patel: 
Last year itself it has broken even. So, if you see our type of business in the first quarter, 
we have high losses in the second quarter, we may have small losses or we may be having 
small profits in the third quarter we make more profit and in the last quarter, fourth quarter, 
we make enough substantial profit to take care of the whole year. And it is true for Jash 
Engineering, it is also true for Shivpad, it is also true for Rodney Hunt. So, Rodney Hunt 
was profitable last year, itself last year we had a net profit of half a million dollars and this 
year we hope to improve upon further. 
Alisha: 
And we were considering an inorganic opportunity, which I think was at quite advanced 
stages, any update on that or is there plans to close it in this financial year? 
Pratik Patel: 
It is still on cards. We are discussing. We'll only go forward if we find it worthwhile.. 
Alisha: 
Any chance we can close it, any timelines will it be this financial year, next year assuming 
it is lucrative. 
Pratik Patel: 
I am travelling for that only, let’s keep our finger crossed. 
Alisha: 
Okay. 
Pratik Patel: 
I am leaving for Europe this week and one of the reason is that. 
Alisha: 
Okay. 
Siddesh Chawan:   
Thank you Alisha. The next question is from Sanjay Shah, please unmute yourself and go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Good evening, gentlemen. Pratik Sir can you throw some opportunity what you see in US 
market especially for Rodney Hunt as far as the new orders are concerned. Now are we 
have graduated enough to beat for some big orders where which we restricted previously 
or we are not eligible, I may pardon. So, is there any opportunity see on that side and are 
we going for that. 
Pratik Patel: 
We are bidding for a single job which is of $18 million and we are the only Gate company 
which has been named in that project. So now slowly things have started changing, infact 
few multimillion dollar project we are already named now and we are able to bid for it. 
The results will come hopefully within the next 2-3 months and one those result comes you 
will understand that now we are going on to the top league in America for this type of 
business. So, I think we have reached a level where people are now relatively confident of 
going for us. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That's great. Sir what are the challenges you see in doing business in US market especially 
from Rodney Hunt and how we are mitigating it. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Pratik Patel: 
Manpower is our biggest problem in America. We are not getting vendors, we are not 
getting fitters, we are getting nothing. We have a lot of orders and we sometimes don't 
know how to execute them because of the people problem and that is one of the reason 
why we are opening up a plant in Houston were we expect to have more people available 
for production. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So, what will be the capex we will be incurring in Houston and by what time we'll be ready 
from that side. 
Pratik Patel: 
So the plan is by September this year we will complete the expansion at unit II. By March 
next year we'll complete the expansion in the new plant in Chennai. And after this 2 works 
are done we start at the Rodney Hunt plant, sometime from next year we will complete it 
by March 2025. And the overall investment at Rodney Hunt would be between $2-3 
million barring the cost of land which we will be paying this year, which is around half a 
million dollar. Sanjayji we are not going to do big ban expansion anywhere, we will only 
do partial expansion and once the business starts coming in, and once we feel that we need 
to do move further then only we will do. So America we will like to cap at $2 million.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you. Good luck to you all. 
Pratik Patel: 
Sanjay, when we do the Houston expansion the plant in Orange we be still operating. 
Soeven if we do the Houston expansion smaller it will not affect output wise.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Got it. Thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan:   
The next question is from Mr. Dilip. Please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Dilip: 
Pratik bhai two questions. One is our investment considering that we will do 430 this year 
at around 500 plus next year. So, the way I look at is next 3-4 years, our investment is not 
going to be more than 30-35 crores on an average. Our cash flows will be far better. So, 
any plan on the dividend distribution policy. What is a policy we have on dividend 
distribution currently 
Pratik Patel: 
I would like to take it gradually dividend distribution around 72% at par. We are not 
talking from point of view of the market value I'm talking of par value of share i.e. Rs.10. 
So, my intention is to increase the dividend over period of time to at least 72% of par value 
next 2-3 years. And then we can think if an investment requirement is not there than higher 
dividend in proportion to the earnings. 
Dilip: 
Sure. 
Pratik Patel: 
But for next 3 years we still need to invest gradually close to 45-50 crores. 
Dilip: 
Understood. So our visibility is around Rs.7-8 for for the peak in next three years. So, it is 
a good thing that we are investing into a business and that leads to my second question. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Pratik Patel: 
So, we are already at a half of that and if the continuous improvement in profitability is 
seen we will gradually increase to 72%.  
Dilip: 
Sure. Yeah.72% is Rs.7.2. 
Pratik Patel: 
Yeah. 
Dilip: 
The next question is India business while it's good that it's humongous and it will 
obviously give us a lot of leverage. My experience has been in the past the India business 
comes with a lot of problems working capital delay in decision making then the customers 
don't pick up and even large customers like L&T, there there's a back to back payment and 
the customers are you know, municipalities and all. So, is there some way management is 
thinking of de risking the receivables in this business. 
Pratik Patel: 
See my experience is suppose you have got Rs.200 crores order in India, Rs.10 crores of 
orders will always get stuck, whatever you do may get stuck with good companies, may 
get stuck with good municipalities, may get stuck with bad companies any one. So, the risk 
which we think of is less than I would say 5-10%. So if there is a 5-10% risk of order 
getting stuck or delay, I say it is the fair risk in the type of business we are in. In 
infrastructure, you know, it's very tricky, the change of government also sometime result 
into huge chaos and that is why we decided to focus more on projects outside India and 
then in India. But these projects which have been announced are huge, this project have 
been placed on companies which are financially sound, but if it is L&T then you are right. 
We have to see all sorts of music from L&T because they're so big they don't listen or they 
don't care for small supplies. 
Dilip: 
Yeah. So is there some way like selling out the receivables or bill discounting, something 
of that sort. 
Pratik Patel: 
We have to do all those things, but one thing you should understand which helps us not 
getting export more than 5-10% is our orders are of suppose Rs.20-30 crores, may be 
delivered in 15 or 20 lots. So every time we are delivering material 1-1.5 crores and if you 
don't get payment for that you stop all subsequent activities. And so my exposure always 
get limited. 
Dilip: 
Yeah. My only worry is that current deals that we are seeing in the market like the Mumbai 
deal they will be 50-60 crores each deal will be 30-40-50 crores. 
Pratik Patel: 
The delivery would be going in 1-2 crores segment only. So my around Rs.40 crores order 
also maybe having 10-15 dispatchers. So, if someone does not pay me for first dispatch the 
worst thing I would have is material of first dispatch at my end and 50% production of the 
second dispatch is already done. So, my exposure would be 4-4.5 crores. That's why I said 
our general exposure in a very bad time also has never been more than 10% of the 
orderbook positions. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Dilip: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Siddesh Chawan:   
There is one question on chat box from Bhavya Sonawala. “Given that the majority of your 
revenue is generated in the last quarter and any future capital expenditure will be based on 
the quarter performance. Do you consider this to be a risk? Is there any solution to this?” 
Pratik Patel: 
I don’t think we have a very credible solution to this, the reason is, as you know most of 
our deliveries are capital goods and these are going to government or industry and as the 
year ending in most of the countries where we had is 31st March all the accumulated 
delivery take place in the last quarter. There is no risk as such as we have been 40-50 years 
all the 60% of our revenue come in last quarter. Because all the products are pre approved 
and all the designs are based on our product it is not possible that the project can be 
completed without work force and so we don’t see any big risk in delivering such big 
amount of order in the last quarter. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
As it was the last question. I would request Pratik Sir for closing comment. 
Pratik Patel: 
Thank you everyone for joining this meet. I am sure you would be happy with the result 
and I look forward to meeting you again when we are with the result for next quarter and 
financial year. I am looking to what we have achieved in the past in the last quarter and I 
am sure we all look forward to much better improved results in the next quarter. Thank 
you. 
Siddesh Chawan:   
Thank you for joining us today. If you have any additional question you can reach out to us 
anytime. We wish you a good health and look forward to meet you again in the next 
quarter. Have a good day     
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
