 
Website : www.tvsmotor.com Email : contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN : L35921TN1992PLC022845 
 
23rd February 2023 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip code: 532343 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Reg 
:
Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 17th February 2023 with respect to the 
schedule of a conference call with analyst / fund house and intimation on the 
recordings, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript copy of the said 
recording is enclosed and the same is hosted on the website of the Company in the 
below mentioned:   
 
https://www.tvsmotor.com/en/Investors/Communication 
  
Kindly acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
Encl : a/a 
 
KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
KELLIYA SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2023.02.23 19:57:00 
+05'30'

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
Management Call with Edmond de Rothschild 
February 17, 2023 
 
 
  
MANAGEMENT
 
: 
MR. K. N. RADHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. K. GOPALA DESIKAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL  
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
ANALYST 
: 
MS. PATRICIA URBANO, EMERGING MARKETS PORTFOLIO 
MANAGER - EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD 
 
MR. ARCHIT GIRDHAR, EQUITY ANALYST  - EDMOND DE 
ROTHSCHILD 
 
MR GUNJAN PRITHYANI, RESEARCH ANALYST – BOFA SECURITIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
 
K Gopala Desikan 
Good afternoon.  
Moderator 
Hi Sir. How are you? 
K Gopala Desikan 
All fine. How are you? 
Moderator 
I'm fine, thanks. Thanks for accommodating this and good to see you. It's been a 
while I've seen you.  To be honest, I have met you many years back. 
K Gopala Desikan 
Met your Boss in Chennai two days back. 
Moderator 
Really. Who you met? 
K Gopala Desikan 
One second, she also mentioned your name.  I will come back to you. 
Moderator 
Ok, no problem, and really thanks for accommodating this and we are just waiting 
for Patricia to join. Our chat is already there.  Maybe once she joins I'll let you 
know.  I'll introduce you guys and let her take the call. Yeah, but where? Where 
are you all taking the call from? 
K Gopala Desikan 
Shall we start? 
Moderator 
Patricia is joining, right. So just give Me 2 minutes. I think they're joining in.  
Archit, it's Patricia joining in now. 
Archit 
Patricia is gonna be joining  
Moderator 
Hi Patricia, you're on. 
Patricia 
Hi, good morning, Gunjan. 
Moderator 
Hi, Patricia. Good to see you. 
Patricia 
Hi, pretty good. Sorry there was issue on my teams 
Moderator 
It was an issue on our side because, you know, we were not able to come on that 
platform. So I requested this change in the last moment. Apologies for that.  But 
let me not waste much time for you guys and you know I'll just introduce you. 
We have Mr. KNR, who is the CEO, TVS  Motors and we have Desikan Sir. He 
is the CFO and you know it's always good engaging with them. So you know I'll 
let you guys let you take over the meeting. Sir, Patricia is from Edmond 
Rothschild. She is emerging Market PM and this Archit as well, who works with 
Patricia. Over to you guys. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Can you? Can you hear this? 
Patricia  
I was waiting there.  Yes, thank you very much for organizing the call. Thank 
you very much for your time to introduce your business. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Can you hear? 
Patricia 
We have also our India fund dedicated to India. I would like to Archit  to take 
over this conferences. Think again for your time for doing this conference for us 
and presenting your business actually it's the first time that we have this call with 
TVS.

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Can you hear us? Yes, yes. OK, so good afternoon, good afternoon. 
Archit  
Yeah. Good afternoon and thank you. Thank you for taking this call. And as 
Patricia mentioned that this is the first time you're having a call with the TVS 
management. So we just wanted to, you know, get some idea of the business and 
strategy. So I'll, I'll start with some questions unless you have something you want 
start by. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
No, no, you. You better start with the questions for time management. Because 
you know the basics of TVS and be little louder please. Little louder that way, 
that will help. 
Archit  
Sure, sure. So like my first question is around the EV business because it has 
warranted attention in the last few quarters. So like you doubled the guys for the 
year around close to 25,000 for a month. So can you please explain you how 
you're expecting to reach that number? I know you're looking to expand the 
network, but I would also like to understand is the supply chain aligned for that 
ramp up given that we are already delivering the premium models almost to 
demand. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
See every EV business like I have always highlighted first is first is to get the 
product right? And IQUBE has been a fantastic product, which is really, 
delighting the customer, and currently we have about 200 outlets around, ICE 
outlets and our bookings are little more than close to 30,000, I can say 27 / 28 
because we have stopped the booking primarily because, we have to deliver so 
the focus is on only on delivery. And month after month, we are able to ramp up 
better. Thanks to the supply chain and we are moving towards that 25,000 in the 
month of March. This is one.  From the point of view of the product, it is like any 
other scooter; But what is most important, is it got a lot of digital connectivity, it 
has got many connected features in IQubes and that is really delighting the 
customer. So it's a mobile on ramp you know digital on mobile system. So 
consumers are liking both. Now, coming back to our overall EV strategy, we have 
a plan to deliver segmentwise products. Because there are many segments in 
India, if you look at the ICE, you have seen very different segments. So you will 
see. Many more launches from the company in various quarters. 
  
Ok. We are also getting ready with our three Wheeler on the EV side. It's  going 
to be a great opportunity for TVS, first to expand in India 200 dealers it can go 
up to much, much higher level. Second deliver these new products to delight the 
customer in various segments. And then start international because there is the 
requirement in the international there is interest on this product but without 
satisfying the local demand, we don't want to start it, so possibly next year we 
will see we're getting into some of the markets. 
Archit 
Ok. Thank you for that answer. I was just so if I understand it correctly for now, 
you don't see any roadblocks in the supply chain because I think in the last call 
you mentioned there was some problem with the Apache in September which got 
sorted. So I was just trying to see, if you see any major risks to ramp up in, in the 
future, but you don't see any. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
ICE product, primarily we use electronics. But then the vehicle significant 
proportion of within the software or connected cluster or motors controllers we 
have more and more EV parts.  Their ramp up because month after month we 
have to move to, when I spoke about 25,000 it is getting thousand per day 
matching sets. We are not yet there. We are not yet there. But everybody has 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
promised to support us, to get 1000 per day. So that is the focus which is going 
on. 
Archit  
OK, sure. And you like mentioned some something about different segments and 
like regarding also the collaboration with Amazon and I believe the company 
commented something along the lines of intent to expand around across multiple 
segments. So, I just wanted to get your idea about your plans for different 
segments of the EV portfolio like does the company plan to make the three 
wheeler available through direct to customer channels or by when can we expect 
the products in different segments? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
I can give you an analogy. If you look at the feature, for example, you have 110, 
you have 125 Jupiter, you have Ntorq, so same way if you look at Apache, there 
is a 160, 180, 200, 310.  
 
There is a warning and if you mind map the type of customers, I think each 
customer the requirements are different. Their expectation is different. Their 
performance expectation is different. 
 
And also you know, if you look at 310 Apache or Ntorq, the customers are very. 
OK, very young means around 25, 22, 23 that kind of age group. So we will have 
products if I look at it is used by everyone, practically everyone. It's a common. 
Commuter scooter EV. Ok. Beyond that closer to launch? I'll be able to. Give you 
more. More insight because it is really confidential and we want to really excite 
the customer just before launch. 
Archit  
No, no. Yeah, that makes sense. But still, thank you. Thank you for that answer. 
OK. So my next question is around the subsidies, the same subsidies and like with 
the great acceptance for iQUBE and no doubt it's a great product. But with that 
sort of response. It's a double edged sword, right? they have to be on getting 
shorter, may be 7-8 months financially, 24th. 
K Gopala Desikan 
Your voice. Is breaking. Your voice is breaking.   
K N Radhakrishnan 
Your voice is breaking 
Archit 
OK 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Yeah, OK. OK. 
  
  
Archit 
Yeah, yeah, I'll switch off my video for a second. Maybe that makes it better. So 
yeah, so is it, is it better now? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Yeah, we can hear you, but you can little bit be louder. 
Archit 
Yeah, yeah, sure. So my question was regarding the subsidies, the same subsidies, 
and I just wanted to understand, since we have received such a good response for 
the iQUBE and you're coming up with the new models. And we're expecting the 
answer with that sort of response, the runway for subsidies, it's get keeps on 
getting shorter, may be around 7-8 months now on like if you look at the 
optimistic side. So just wanted to get the understanding of the strategy once the 
subsidies are not extended. And secondly like with the tightening of the battery 
standards, do you think that this could also like have any material cost impact 
going forward? 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
K N Radhakrishnan 
See, subsidies are, first of all, thanks to the way government has put support. 
When you need such major transitions, you need, you know, competitive price to 
change the minds of the customer. So that is the reason. 
 
Government has taken this very strong. Support in the form of faith. But in my 
opinion, what is most important in any business is to make sure that the customer 
loves your product. OK, once you, once the customer loves your product, then 
you are sure of the demand. Second, I can give you an analogy, when India started 
exports, we have almost 15% of benefit in Export. And that continued for 2-3 
years and then they kept reducing the rate. And today, practically it is only 1.5%. 
They export the benefit what we get. OK, it is to aid, it is to support. So, if 
somebody assumes that FAME is going to be continuously there, it is not going 
to be and we are also not planned in our business plan that pain is going to be 
permanent feature.  That is #1.  
 
#2. What is most important is when you are present in various customer segments, 
the pricing will become different; the profitability becomes different. Even in 
iQUBE, if you look at. There are three products now 3 variants. There is a basic 
variant. There is an S variant and ST Variant. It's completely priced differently. 
And when you give higher and higher. Variants you know you can price it higher? 
I can give you one example. You are very sure you would have seen our Jupiter. 
OK, you get an equal in. Terms of price to Activa.  Activa is Honda product. It is 
the biggest competitor in that segment. But we have been able to put very clear 
variants over Jupiter. We have Jupiter ZX, then you have Jupiter classic, then 
there is a Grande version. Each one has got certain features and certain attractive 
features plus technology, plus, certain look and feel itself, and price differently. 
When we started, 95% was the basic model today. It is 50-50. And these variants 
also gives you better and better profit opportunity so. This is one. 
 
Second, You know that these products can be exported both to our current 
developing markets and developed markets where the pricing can be completely 
different. So, it will be a strategy of first growing the top line. Coming up with 
variants. Very clearly, having new product launched over a period of time. 
Exports, and please understand when the volumes go up, there is a huge 
opportunity to cut down the cost and I'm very sure, when we started 18650 now 
it is 21700. There is a chemistry change, the cost change there is going to be 
future chemistry which are going to come. So, everybody is continuously working 
on how do you bring down the per unit cost? So, it's the journey. So, I'm not so 
much worried about pain, not there. What is most important for any companies 
to delight the customer if the customer gets delighted about your product and the 
top line is assured, every line will come. 
Archit 
OK. OK. Yeah, that that definitely makes sense. And I think the, the ideology of 
being customer centric is what kind of garnered attention in the 1st place towards 
delay. So yeah, it's great to hear that you are still aligned with that. Alright, so my 
next question is around the fund raising part for EV business. I understand that 
the company they recently filed a disclosure that it's continuously exploring new 
value creation opportunities. So, I just wanted to understand your thoughts on like 
what sort of importance and implications, you think that these investments have 
and where does this process sit on your priority list? Is this something that you 
are actively working towards or is it still something that that still needs time to be 
finalized? 
K Gopala Desikan 
Yeah, this is one. We are still at the same stage of evaluating options, including 
to a fund raise not at close, not even decided at any level whatever that is there in 
the press are all, I mean it's. It's not something very authenticated. We will come 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
back and then we decide once the board decides.  As of now, still we are exploring 
options only. 
Archit 
No,  I understand that. I just wanted to understand like get your thoughts on do 
you think it's, it's really important and or like could you see the business growing 
without that as well like what's your understanding of the fundraising part? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Fundraising doesn't have any kind of connections with the business, OK. 
K Gopala Desikan  
And in fact, the various options I said, including your option of investing my own 
money, so in no way, this will stop or hamper or delay our process of EV journey. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
See, we have a very clear road map of what kind of investment we have to put, 
what kind of customer segment, what kind of technology. That will continue. 
That will definitely continue. We are evaluating various options. That's what 
Desikan is highlighting. OK. And whatever is the rate, what is the best for? The 
overall business decision, we'll take a call. 
Archit  
OK, OK. Yeah, sure. That that definitely makes sense. So regarding the domestic 
business and in your recent comments, you seem very confident about the demand 
recovery. But if you look at the like the trends other than the festive season, the 
demand has been very moderate and where you were expecting. Like a cyclical 
rebound. Can you maybe explain why the market was so weak and also like give 
your comments on like the on ground sentiments about recovery? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
See market. We should leave this Q1 of last year because previous year to last 
year the Q1 showed huge growth primarily because last year we had in Q1 we 
had the COVID related closures. But this year, if you look at Q2 / Q3. OK, I think 
the demand has been moderate. I won't say it is bad. Purely purely if you look at 
the Vahan, which is the registration, I'm not even taking the dispatch data dispatch 
data, so Vahan has been around 4 to 5%, which according to me is a good start. 
OK, there are there are some more, some more improvements required. But one 
positive thing is the COVID situation, it's really, really easing out. And we don't 
anticipate any more lockdowns, OK.  If lockdowns are not going to be there, you 
remember that in two wheelers, 2-3 fundamental principles with the government 
putting a lot of effort on the infrastructure development, roads, good roads and 
the public transport not being there so good, I think 2 wheeler is the most 
important mobility vehicle.#1  
 
#2 more than 50% of the Indian consumers are self-employed. OK. And the 
efficiency and the effectiveness goes up when they have a 2 wheeler, whether it's 
a plumber or electrician or agriculturalists or somebody has to distribute milk or 
any item, he earns money everyday. OK. And on the other side premium India is 
the youngest country. OK, the democracy has been fantastic. OK. So on one side, 
you see the premium products are growing up.  Industry growing up on the other 
side, the confidence of self-employed that there are no lock down, they are able 
to do their job. So I'm of the view that and monsoon has been very good. So 
overall the sentiment, month after month is likely to go up is my last time 
feedback. And it is happening 4 to 5% is not a bad. I won't say it is a bad growth 
given.  If you look at the overall geopolitical situation, I don't think there is any 
country which is seeing 5% growth in this kind of situation. And you know, the 
economy has projected next year 6.5 - 7% of GDP growth. I think all these are 
going to aid India 2 wheelers doing extremely well. 
 
 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
Archit 
Yeah, yeah, sure. Sure. Thank you. Thank you for that answer and on that front 
only, like I want to talk about the ASP and we are seeing like really constant 
improvements in the last quarters and almost 6% this quarter. So, can you please 
comment on the impact of different drivers? Like how much is like the percentage 
or price high domestic versus export introduction of EV's and how do you see 
this metric change in the future? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
I think I don't have the data.  I'll try to just take out the data. On the terms of price 
increase. I think we have been very, very conscious, whatever the material cost 
increases, whatever we have seen. We were able to take up the prices, even last 
quarter, we have taken up. Just give me a minute. I'll just referring my notes.  If 
you look at the Q3, this year to Q2, actually, our material costs have come down 
76.3 to 75.5%, there was almost 3.5% commodity increase. Most of it has been 
passed down. And there were benefits on material cost reduction and overall there 
is a net benefit of 0.8%. One important thing which has happened for TVS is the 
focus on material cost reduction and premium product selling the proportion 
going up and whatever I told in the meeting was that this year the electronic parts 
price, we are not seeing much of a shortage. I think the situation is likely to ease 
out going forward in ICE. So the demand is good and raw material may not go 
up the way it has gone up last quarter.  
 
So we are seeing the settling down of the raw material cost.  The material cost 
reduction sits in.  Also the availability of the electronic components becoming 
better for EV. So overall, I think you will see the same trend in terms of better 
demand, OK.  Only the case of international business, we note that there were 
some challenges. But we have been very careful because the moment the industry 
came down, we started moderating our stock levels based on the retail and today, 
if I look at last 3-4 months, our retails are much ahead of our dispatch. Because, 
we are thinking that this slow down, maybe another couple of months. So you 
know by April you will see the recovery coming back. But we always believe in 
keeping at the distributor or at the dealer in less than 30 days of stock. Plus, 
whatever is the lead time for transportation. You know, that has been the 
fundamental principle we have always looked at. 
Archit  
OK. OK. Yeah, that that definitely adds up. So it's just like you mentioned about 
the sports market. So like one question on that front, like you mentioned that you 
you're expecting recovery around March or somewhere around that. So what I've 
noticed in the last few quarters that TVS has gained a lot of share of the export 
market. So I was trying to understand what were the drivers behind that and what 
do you think that once the demand recovers is TVS, gonna continue doing that 
and improve their share in the export markets and how would how would they 
continue to do so? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Surely, surely see I. Always say that. The share is the best indicator because 
industry you don't have a control geopolitical situation beyond the point, you 
don't have a control. You know, some of the best markets like Sri Lanka, 
Myanmar and even Bangladesh. You know, when you have this geopolitical 
situation, the currency situation, you can't do much about it. But overall, within 
the industry, you are able to do much better. In fact, the gain of market share has 
been very, very good for us. Thanks to the consumers having confidence in our 
product range. So we always believe in putting the right product range, investing 
in the right kind of segment and giving new products also upgrades in the current 
products.  That journey will continue. So that gives us enormous confidence that 
we will be able to continue to gain market share even international market and 
domestic market going forward. 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
Archit 
OK, OK. But I just wanted to like so you consider that upgradation and 
confidence in product has been one of the main drivers for you to improving 
international market share, correct? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
And even in the international market, we always believe in customer service. So 
we have authorized service people, parts availability. These are very fundamental 
things we always closely watch. You know. Many of the market the first service 
comes just after two to three weeks. So genuine parts have to be there even before 
we send the material we send the parts. So these are all certain value systems of 
the company focusing on the customer and the kind of focus on product and 
product range. 
Archit 
OK, OK. Yeah, sure that that definitely does make sense. I think that's, that's all 
the questions from my side. So Patricia, if you have any questions. 
Patricia  
Yes, I have just some very complete just have one last question, my side, if you 
could just to finish the call.  What's your view for TVS in five years in terms of 
penetration rate on sustainability of margin, what's the margin that you think is 
sustainable for your business? That's my last question. Thank you. And it was 
very overall information was very good. Thank you. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Yeah, I already told you about with the EV vehicles now and with the partnership 
with whatever we have done with BMW, there is a great opportunity to take TVS 
brands not only to the developing market but, the developed markets. So you will 
see a big drive in really becoming TVS brand global, that's number1.  
 
Number two, we are at 10% EBITDA. And with the customer delight and more 
and more new products and the revenue going ahead of the industry, I'm pretty 
confident that our cost will get amortized over much, much higher revenue and 
that will definitely translate into much better EBITDA numbers. I may not be able 
to give you guidance. But I'm pretty confident that the premium focus, the 
geography focus developed more focus that drive on cost reduction and overall, 
you know focus of the company on looking at various elements of cost is 
definitely going to help us in terms of doing better and better EBITDA above 10. 
Patricia  
Ok, so do you have time for one more question or? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Yeah. Yeah, please. 
Patricia  
Ok. Thank you. In terms of your cost? 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Because before you ask. The final question anytime you are in India, kindly visit 
us. You can have a direct feel, we can host you. 
Patricia 
Yeah, that would be great. I love to love to see the product itself haven't seen it 
yet. Thank you very much. 
K Gopala Desikan 
This invite is for everyone who is now in the stream, including Gunjan. 
Patricia  
Maybe we can organize that. But my question is in terms of you said like the 
materials, you put some pressure on your margin. Do you see? Like how do you 
see the battery evolving in the future? We have seen some experimental with 
Solidaire Battery for scooters in China. Do you think that? Could be something 
to go as well, like uh, what's your view on the coast side, especially on the, you 
know, dress material like that battery? 

TVS Motors Limited  
February 17, 2023 
 
K N Radhakrishnan 
I think battery when we started with 18650. Now already we have moved to 
21700. I think the rate of pace of change in battery cells and the technology and 
the chemistry, I think all are linked to the volume. So Patricia, if you ask me 
honestly, the most important thing is top line. How do we grow the top line? How 
do you make sure that I deliver all the new products whatever I have planned? If 
these two are done, I assure you., with every innovation, whatever we have seen, 
whether it is tell or BMS or the motor or the controller or the integrated VCO, 
you will see significant cost reduction.  In fact, disproportionate cost reduction is 
the word I would like to say, to take this company forward. 
Patricia  
OK. With the operational leverage, right? OK. That's great. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Thank you. 
Patricia  
I thank you very much for your time and organizing. Thank you very much. 
Archit, I think you had everything, Gunjan, thank you very much for your nice 
organizing as well and I wish everyone a good weekend. 
K N Radhakrishnan 
Thank you. Thank you. Bye. 
 
 
oOo 
