 
 
Ref. No.: BBL/368/2022-23 
 
January 24, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 541153 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400051 
NSE Symbol: BANDHANBNK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the 
quarter (Q3) and nine months ended December 31, 2022 – the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR’) 
 
In continuation to our letter bearing Ref. No.: BBL/362/2022-23 dated January 20, 2023 and 
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of SEBI LODR, we 
hereby submit the transcript of the Earnings Call hosted by Bandhan Bank Limited (the ‘Bank’) on 
Friday, January 20, 2023, on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank, for the quarter (Q3) and 
nine months ended December 31, 2022. Further, the same has also been uploaded on the website 
of the Bank and can be accessed at the following link: 
https://bandhanbank.com/sites/default/files/2023-01/Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf  
 
You are requested to take note of the above.  
 
This disclosure is being simultaneously uploaded at the Bank’s website, www.bandhanbank.com. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Bandhan Bank Limited 
 
 
Indranil Banerjee 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
INDRANIL 
BANERJEE
Digitally signed by INDRANIL 
BANERJEE 
Date: 2023.01.24 12:38:50 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Bandhan Bank Limited Q3 FY-23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHANDRA SHEKHAR GHOSH – FOUNDER, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL SAMDANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. SHANTANU SENGUPTA – HEAD (RETAIL 
BANKING), BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. SURESH IYER – HOUSING FINANCE HEAD, 
BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. SUBHASH SAMANT – HEAD (HIGH VALUE 
HOUSING FINANCE), BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. SURESH CHANDRAN – HEAD (COMMERCIAL 
BANKING), BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. HIRAK JOSHI – HEAD (RETAIL LENDING), 
BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 
MR. VIKASH MUNDHRA – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS), BANDHAN BANK LIMITED 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Bandhan Bank Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vikash Mundhra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Mundhra: 
Thank you Inba. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants. It’s our 
pleasure to welcome you all to discuss Bandhan Bank’s business and financial performance for 
the quarter ending December 2022. We will take this opportunity to update you on the recent 
developments in the industry as well as on Bandhan Bank during the quarter.  
To discuss all this in detail I’ve got with us Founder, Managing Director and CEO – Mr. Chandra 
Shekhar Ghosh; our Chief Financial Officer – Mr. Sunil Samdani; Head (Retail Banking) – Mr. 
Shantanu Sengupta; Head (Housing Finance) – Mr. Suresh Iyer; Head (High Value Housing 
Finance) – Mr. Subhash Samant; Head (Commercial Banking) – Mr. Suresh Chandran; Head 
(Retail Lending) – Mr. Hirak Joshi and myself Vikash Mundra – Head of Investor Relations.  
Now, I would like to request our Founder, MD and CEO Mr. Chandra Shekhar Ghosh to brief 
you all about our Bank operation and financial performance, along with developments for the 
quarter ending December 2022. Over to you sir.  
Chandra Shekhar Ghosh: Good evening and Namaskar to all of you. Firstly, on behalf of Bandhan, I extend it to you and 
your loved ones best wishes for the New Year 2023. I am pleased to state that, the September 
quarter, September to December quarter of this financial year has been on expected lines rather 
it is slightly better than expectation. It has been yet another quarter of a decent business growth 
trajectory. The first half of the financial year was not as expected, we have to see more 
unexpected shocks in terms of NPAs specially in the microcredit book, specially is restructure 
books.  
The bounce back in the economy is visible across businesses and among consumer sentiment. 
We have seen good festive buying by all section of the society. As a result, credit growth of the 
Bank has been encouraging. For the first time in the history of the Bank, it has crossed two lakh 
crore in business. The overall advances recorded a 14% year-on-year growth in Q3FY23. The 
significant growth for the Bank has come from the retail segment including housing and MSME. 
However, including the write off the advance growth will be 11% YoY. The housing finance 
book has registered a growth of about 28% YoY and 4% QoQ. We have seen good demand for 
housing loans across the country and we are planning to grow our housing book by more than 
25% YoY. The retail loan book other than the housing finance book, consisting of personal loan, 
gold loan, two wheeler loan and auto loan has grown by 133% YoY and 22% QoQ. The 
commercial banking vertical consisting mainly of NBFC, SEL is a small enterprise loan and 
SME with 87% growth YoY and 12% growth in QoQ.  

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
One important point I would like to highlight is that, when we look at loan book growth, other 
than the EEB loan book, we have seen a growth of 48% YoY which is very encouraging for the 
Bank. The growth in these segments is a welcome sign for the Bank as this is in line with the 
Bank’s portfolio diversification agenda and also in line with the trend of increasing business 
with the onset of the festive season. We are confident that Q4, like each year will continue to 
further trigger business growth. As I stated earlier, the second and third quarter of the current 
financial year coincides with the festive seasons, and has seen stable momentum in economic 
growth, as many businesses return to normalcy, given the significant increase in the confidence 
among the population of managing COVID. We are happy to see signs of strong demand for 
credit in most of the business in the third quarter, including the EEB. 
During the quarter in review deposits have grown 21% YoY, we are looking to build a robust 
and granular deposit franchise however, during the quarter the Bank has seen the movement of 
deposits from customers maintaining savings balance above two crores to bulk deposits. The 
same has been classified as a bulk term deposits. Also due to the festive season, we have seen 
some impact of consumption on the deposit base. As a result, our CASA deposits have seen a 
big growth of 3% YoY to Rs.37,212 crores and a CASA ratio is still at a healthy 36.4%. The 
retail to total deposit ratio stands at 69%. We do not expect any further movement from savings 
account to the bulk deposits. So, we will definitely see improvement in CASA deposits from Q4 
onwards. A few numbers shows a strong momentum in our portfolio diversification agenda. The 
share of housing loan book to total loan book has increased from 24% to 27% year-on-year. The 
share of group loans to our total loan book has come down from 52% to 37%. Our share of 
commercial loans has grown up 22% to 33% in the total loan book year-on-year. Along with the 
business growth in advance and the deposits we have also seen very encouraging collection 
efficiency trends during the quarter. We have seen good improvement in the overall collection 
efficiency. For the Bank overall collection efficiency excluding NPA stood at 98% in the month 
of December up from 93% in the month of December of the preceding year and 97% in 
September month of this financial year.  
The collection efficiency for the month of December in the EEB which is called the microcredit 
vertical excluding NPA improved 98% from 97% in December for the financial year 2022. Even 
while comparing to September month, we have seen the collection efficiency improving from 
95% to 98% in microcredit. With people’s livelihoods coming back on track, we have observed 
an eagerness among our customers to standardize their accounts in order to continue to enjoy 
the benefit of formal credit by maintaining a healthy credit record. Our collection efficiency in 
Assam and West Bengal for EEB customers has improved significantly over the last quarter. It 
remains at 96% in Assam compared to the September’22 at 87%. And West Bengal it is now 
98.4% which was 95% in September’22. An important point here is to note that our collection 
efficiency in West Bengal is higher than our national average. Bank has also received a sum of 
Rs 917 crores as a part of CGFMU, recovery from the government. We expect another up to 
Rs.1700 crores to come as a recovery in the H1FY24.  

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
This quarter Bank has also sold written off loans Rs.8897 crores at an aggregate value of Rs.801 
crores out of that Rs.387 crores has been issued as Security Receipts. The rest of Rs.414 crores 
has been reflected in the P&L of the Bank. Our net profit for the quarter at Rs.291 crore against 
a net profit of Rs.859 crores in the last financial year same quarter. Our net interest income has 
shown a minor dip of 2% YoY. It has come down Rs.2081 crores in Q3FY23 from Rs.2125 
crores in Q3FY22. This is mainly because the higher reversal of interest income and also 
increase the cost of funds. Our net interest margin for the current quarter is 6.5% compared to 
the 7% last quarter, even after the dip we are still amongst the highest in the industry. But, I 
would like to mention a few points here.  
First point is that, we have a high interest rate by nearly 2.5% in the last few months on advance, 
Secondly, this quarter we have also set up a separate team of current account mobilization till 
now it is working is very good with the branch network. Thirdly, we expect lower interest 
reversal from next quarter onwards. The impact of all these things will be seen as an 
improvement in NIM from the next quarter onwards. We’ll also consider further rate hikes if 
required. Total credit cost for the quarter was at a 6.4% compared to 3.7% in the previous year, 
and 5.3% in the last quarter. This is largely due to the increase in provision coverage on the total 
stress book during the quarter.  
Our gross NPA stood at 7.2% versus 10.8% in the previous year, but our net NPA stood at 1.9% 
versus the 3% in the previous year. During Q3, the gross and net NPA ratio has remained flat 
compared to the sequential basis. However, here we have to keep in mind that the majority of 
the slippage is during the quarter are from already declared stress pool. We are also used data 
science and analytics for the purpose of NPA management and recovery and also the business 
growth. It has already shown positive results for the Bank. With the initial trends and reports 
from the growth, we are confident that Q4 will see good improvement in the performance of the 
Bank. We have also seen improvement in our DPD book across buckets which gives us 
confidence that the worst in terms of slippage is over.  
Many of our customers have been paying regularly and are showing their intent to regularize 
their overdue account. But until the entire overdue amount is recorded they cannot be categorized 
as a non-NPA customer. In the third quarter number of full paying customer have increased from 
88% to 92%, amount wise it is a 92% to 96%. If it is go to this the number of non-paying 
customers have decreased from 6% to 5% quarter-on-quarter. But if I say that the amount wise 
it is coming non-paying customer 2% to 1%, which have been shows to the Bank on that the 
customer is coming to this regularized there account and future credit growth and quality will be 
better. From the recovery perspective, we have seen that the total recovery and up-gradation for 
this quarter is Rs.622 crores. We are engaging with our customers on a regular basis to encourage 
them to ensure timely payment and recovery wherever needed. We are confident that it is only 
a matter of time before this customer regularize their account fully, after which we expected to 
see a significant drop in the gross NPA in the next couple of quarters. The Bank has also seen 
the total fresh slippage has come down by Rs 700 crores from the last quarter which is this 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
quarter has been slippage Rs.3265 crores in the last quarter it was a Rs.3954 crores, the majority 
of the slippage is from the already disclosed stress pool of COVID. Within this our slippage in 
the EEB segment was Rs.2846 crore in the quarter which was in the last quarter Rs.3624 crores 
which is Rs.800 crores down. 
We have made provision of Rs.1542 crores including NPA and the standard asset provisions in 
this quarter. We are more than covered in terms of our provisions, the total provision of the Bank 
stands at Rs.6257 crores. We have seen 1% increase in our PCR at 75.4% which has increased 
from 74.4% in the last year. Bank has done a write off of Rs.2533 crores in this quarter.  
Coming to the outlook for the last quarter. As you all know, we are seeing economic activity 
picking up and the business coming back to the normal across the country. Bandhan has always 
had an ear to the ground given ease to the distribution reach and we have observed that our 
customers businesses have been gaining traction once again. We remain confident that this will 
have a positive impact on our business operations. We have started a new stream such as a 
commercial vehicle lending, loans against property for business. We have been also started the 
government business operations in the Bank, among others this will add further revenue streams 
over the next few quarters. We also go live on our IT transformation project in the next financial 
year first half. We expect to grow our advances and deposits by 22% to 25% CAGR forward 
FY25 with our focus remaining strong on the retail segment and diversification. With our 
continuous effort in diversification, investment in technology, people and processes, the 
Bandhan growth stories remain strong and promising. We have added about 9.4 lakhs new 
customer in last quarter. It is also showing that how business is growing. I wish you, your family 
and all the very best. Please take care, stay safe. Thank you to all of you. 
Vikash Mundhra:  
Thank you sir. Now, I would like to request our CFO – Mr. Sunil Samdani to give you more 
details on financial parameters during the quarter. Over to you sir. 
Sunil Samdani: 
Thank you Vikash. Good evening everyone. First of all, let me take this opportunity to wish you 
all a very Happy New Year. While Mr. Ghosh has mentioned most of the highlights of the 
quarter, I just want to particularly focus on few aspects, which I think is important for everyone 
to understand what went in this quarter. Let me start with the asset quality, particularly on the 
EEB side. This was the quarter where we have seen the slippages from the restructure pool 
happening and as per our estimate and the guidance which we had given on the 1st of December, 
we are pleased to inform that we have done better than that across all accounts, whether it is 
NPA, whether it is stress pool and the provision coverage ratio around that, and this I’m talking 
without considering the write off effect. So, on a like-to-like basis, we have been better by two 
to three billion across all the sides, whether it’s NPA, stress pool and the provision coverage.  
Secondly, I would want to highlight slide five of our presentation. There it is pleasing to see that 
our collection efficiency excluding NPA customers have gone back to the pre-COVID level. 
This improvement is across pan India, including our core geographies of West Bengal and 
Assam. So, while West Bengal stands at 98% for the month of December, Assam has improved 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
substantially from 87% to 96% and rest of India at 98%. What is more important is the customer 
behavior and the paying profile. We now have a situation where 96% of our EEB customers pay 
full installments, which means 3% of them are partial paying installments and 1% is non-paying 
installments. So, this gives a comfort that the flow going forward, in stress pool, will be 
contained, because it’s only these 4% of the customers within which three are part paying, the 
forward flows will be visible.  
On slide six, there is another important messaging is the improvement on our delinquency 
buckets. It is heartening to see that across all buckets, we have seen an improvement. And even 
if I don’t consider the benefit of write off, we have seen a three billion reduction in the overdue 
pool. What this gives us an assurance is, that the flow forward have stopped and there has been 
an improvement or rather rollback from the delinquent customer base. So, this gives us the 
confidence that going forward, we should see a much lower slippages in-line with our guidance.  
Lastly, on slide seven, here we typically guide the reader on the stress pool that we have on our 
EEB portfolio which got build on account of pandemic and how are we addressing them. It is 
heartening again to see that at the end of September 22, we had a stress pool of Rs 95 billion 
against that we had a provision of Rs 53 bn and a CGFMU expected recovery of Rs 25 bn, which 
effectively means 82% of our stress pool was covered, and the rest we have to work on the 
recovery side. Now this ratio of 82% has improved to 88% as on December 22. Of the total stress 
book of Rs 76 billion, we now have a book provision of Rs 50 bn. So, what is important here is, 
while my stress book has gone down from Rs 95 bn to Rs 76 billion my provision is consistent 
from Rs 53 billion to Rs 50 billion, which means we have not utilized our provisions fully. 
We’ve continuously created buffers and strengthened and given our experience of the CGFMU 
recovery and the slippages that we have seen from the portfolio which is covered under CGFMU, 
we now expect another Rs 17 billion to come in the first half of the next financial year. So, with 
Rs 50 billion of provisioning and Rs 17 billion of the CGFMU expected recovery, we’ve almost 
covered 88% of the total stress pool. As always we are not considering the Assam relief scheme, 
which is an added positive as an when it comes.  
What is also important here to mention is, on the new side if I have to talk optically, you may 
see that our NIMs have come down quarter-on-quarter from 7% to 6.5%. But that has largely to 
do with the large slippages into NPA that we’ve seen in the month of October and November. If 
we look at December month, the NIMs have already improved to 7.3% and as the re-pricing of 
the interest rate increase that we have taken over the last three months, factor then kicks in we 
should see a further improvement here. 
On the slippages side, as envisaged we have seen a lower slippages quarter-on-quarter the 
numbers have already been discussed by Mr. Ghosh so I will not repeat them. And that gives us 
the confidence given the lower DPD pool and the improvement in collection efficiency and the 
paying profile of the customers. We expect slippage in Q4 to be materially lower, in-line with 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
our expectations. And hopefully, on a steady state what we have guided it should come in-line 
with that. I know you will still have few questions, happy to take them. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, so if you could give us a color on what does steady state SMA pool would be like a 
completely normalized SMA pool on the EEB side, that’s my first question and I have a few 
more. 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, there again steady state is all depend on the environment. But if you talk about pre COVID 
levels, that’s where we used to have a gross NPA of about 1.5% and another delinquent pool the 
stress pool that we call it of about 3%. In the new scheme of things, we say that the steady state 
credit cost or rather the collection efficiency for the microfinance or the EEB business should be 
taken as 98% instead of 99%. So, you can add another percentage points to a steady state that 
we used to have historically. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay, make sense. And my other question is on the new ECL norm, how would they impact 
you, would there, are you filing any more grants with the RBI already and any sense you can 
give on it, what would be the impact between IGAAP and IndAS.  
Sunil Samdani: 
So, as far as banks goes, these Indian banks have been submitting the pro forma in their financials 
which includes the ECL calculation as well to RBI on a quarterly basis for the last two years. 
So, we keep filing on a quarterly basis the IndAS financials and if we take that as a reference, 
there is no material difference between the provisions that we carry and the provisions that we 
are required to make under the ECL provisioning norms. This of course, is based on the IndAS 
definition of ECL. So, if there is a tweak to that definition, which RBI brings in, in their final 
recommendation that needs to be factored, but if you go by the standard IndAS way of 
calculation ECL there is no difference. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay, got it. And sir would that be lifetime ECL or just like say two, three year model, any idea? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, here as far as IndAS goes which we take last seven years that’s our lifetime span and the 
experience and basis that we file it with the RBI. But more importantly, if it’s a factor of your 
probability of the default and the provisions that you carry in your book. Since we’ve always 
been carrying adequate provisions in our book, even if I have to take a seven year or a three year 
precedence, or the average, I don’t think that will have a material impact on or rather any impact 
on our ECL or provisioning requirement. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Got it. And just one last question your outlook on deposit growth for FY24, given that there is a 
lot of competitive intensity is increasing in deposit taking, so your outlook on deposit growth 
and margin for next year? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Sunil Samdani: 
I’ll request, Mr. Shantanu Sengupta to take this question. 
Shantanu Sengupta: 
Yes, sure thank you Sunil. Good evening and thank you and thank you for the question and 
wishing all of you a very Happy New Year. The question on deposit outlook is, we are quite 
optimistic given despite the fact that we see intensity in terms of competition, because of few 
reasons one, the focus for the Bank has been to grow our organic book and as we move forward 
the granular book is growing steadily. So, that’s one comfort that we have. We’ve also invested 
a lot of effort in terms of creating some new initiatives for the Bank, we are expanding our branch 
network, we are investing in digital. So, we are seeing opportunities that carve out as triggers of 
growth going forward. So, to answer your question, our outlook for deposit growth remains 
positive. 
Sunil Samdani: 
And just to add on the deposit rate side, today till December quarter our rates on TDs were in 
line with the rates offered by other Bank. And we believe with a 25 basis point premium, it 
should not be a problem to garner deposits for our growth that we are looking and going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Krishnan ASV: 
I just wanted to understand you made an announcement around the fact that people who have 
been in default, don’t get money back and until they are able to completely pay back and then 
there is a certain sunset clause, etc. I just want you to understand, is it possible for you to share 
any disclosures around the fact that money is not going back to these borrowers account, just to 
create more confidence among stakeholders, is there anything that the Bank can do to 
demonstrate that this money is not being given back to the same, it’s not that this money is 
coming back because we have given new money to clear your loan? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, Krishnan firstly, let me clarify that we don’t give a new loan unless the earlier loan is repaid. 
So, it’s never a case that we offer a loan with an earlier loan outstanding, or the customer is still 
delinquent. So, that’s point number one. Point number two, our change in credit norms was that 
after the customer repays the earlier loan, if the customer has flown into NPA, despite repaying 
the earlier loan, we would still wait for 90 days, and only then give them a fresh loan. This was 
because as we mentioned in the previous call, we don’t want customers to be opportunist, 
because they want a new loan they come and repay us but during the tenor they were not 
disciplined and move to NPA. So, it’s a messaging that we want to give to our customers that if 
you are not regular throughout the loan, you are not eligible for a new loan. So, the change here 
is despite customer paying, we don’t extend the new loan. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Right, understood. While you made this fairly and is there anything that the Bank can do to 
demonstrate this, in any way just to. 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, let me explain that right. So, we made this policy starting, August/September some time that 
we should not extend loan. During the quarter we saw some 400-500 customers receiving the 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
loan after paying the earlier loan. And we proactively to provision against those and asked our 
team that not to extend any further loans. So, it has been a very strict policy that we are following, 
because we want the messaging on the ground to be very clear, it was a small amount of Rs.20 
lakh. But still that messaging has to be very strong, that once there is a policy, we can’t deviate 
from that policy. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Understood. My second query is around just the pivot that we are now making to go from 
relatively subprime customer base more towards prime across most of your customer segments, 
across most of your businesses as well. Purely in terms of the acceptance of Bandhan, there has 
been some chatter around this. So, just wanted your thoughts around acceptance of Bandhan as 
a brand in some of those businesses, how have you found the early evidence so far? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, Krishnan if you had asked me this question on the deposit, I would have still felt that there 
is something that we need to discuss here, in a lending clearly it doesn’t matter so much. That is 
the lender as long as the customer gets the right money at the right rate. And in our case, even 
on the deposit side, our momentum is strong and we’ve got that branding and the image to get 
that customer trust. So, I don’t think that’s an issue that we faced and that we discussed. Our 
endeavor is to continuously improve our customer service and customer experience that is what 
we focus on and that helps us building trust and confidence.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Adarsh from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Adarsh: 
My question is on the slippages side, so on the slippages Sunil just wanted to understand what 
was the slippages in the quarter and if you could highlight what are the slippages if you remove 
the spillovers from any kind of stress which was there right so this slippage is from the standard 
book in the MFI portfolio in this quarter.  
Sunil Samdani: 
So, for the MFI book, my gross slippages for the quarter was Rs 2846 crores, there was a 
recovery and upgrade of Rs 376 crores, this recovery and upgrade I’m talking is from the NPA 
not from the return of account that is additional. So, just from the NPA it’s Rs 376 and from the 
return of portfolio which is a non-ARC portfolio it is Rs.140 crores. So, that’s on the numbers 
of gross and net slippages. Within this Rs 2846 crores of slippages 90% of them is from the 
stress pool which is already identified.  
Adarsh: 
So, you’re saying that only Rs 300 crores was the slippages from the non-stress pool? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Less than Rs 300 cr. 
Adarsh: 
Got it. And just the second element right, you had mentioned the margins of 7.3% which is 
adjusted for all the interest versus just for understanding if we take a two year view there is a 
drastic change in business mix that will happen you all have taken a rate hike that will come in, 
what’s the fair margin that you would expect as you have some of these yields kick in but also 
at the same time the share of MFI go down? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, there again, firstly let me explain how this shift would look like. When we say the share of 
MFI goes down, it’s the group loan which goes down. The SBAL customers which are at the 
same yield gets reclassified as commercial loan between SBAL and MFI we would still be 
around 55% which is at the similar rate of interest. So, the impact of change in mix for the next 
one to one and a half years will not be more than 50 basis points. Now from which rate 50 basis 
point is the question. We expect our steady state NIMs to inch up from 7.3% that we clocked in 
the month of December and we expect this to go up to 7.75% in next few quarters and from there 
we should see the impact of change in mix to come in, over the next two years. 
Adarsh: 
Got it. And so the yield that you had 250 bps was, when was this implemented just trying to get 
a timing of when does the margins improve on the MFI book? 
Sunil Samdani: 
The 250-basis point increase that we took in EEB, 200 basis point came in November 
first/second week and 50 basis point was sometime in September/October. 
Adarsh: 
So, you move from 19% to 21%/21.5% is it? 
Sunil Samdani: 
21.95%. 
Adarsh: 
Got it. And the previous whole thing that Bandhan it’s a Bank people look for we’ve offered 
them a lower cost of fund benefits when you became a Bank you lowered your rates to closer to 
19%. What happened to that, I’m just trying to understand as to, would that not be the expectation 
that would prevail?  
Sunil Samdani: 
No, that continues. The differential between the Bandhan rate of interest against you compare it 
with the industry it is still 250 to 300 basis points lower. So, that continued, with an interest rate 
environment, the credit cycle environment it has to considered. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Saurabh: 
The question is more direct. So, at the analyst meet you have guided to around Rs.3400 crores 
of credit cost. So, now plus we start recovery, so few fall into the Rs.350 crore number now basis 
the guidance? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, we had earlier guided that in H2 we will look at Rs.1500 crores of credit cost which will be 
divided as Rs.1000 crores in Q3 and 500 in Q4 broadly. And if you look at our numbers now, it 
is still in those lines, while it looks 1500 is because we got that Rs.414 crores of ARC sale 
upfront, which we took as provision and increase our coverage. What we discussed earlier that 
my stress pool coverage has gone up from 82% to 88%. So, that’s where this Rs.414 crores was 
utilized and that’s why this looks higher. So, otherwise if you remove for this it’s in line with 
our guidance that we had keep. 
Saurabh: 
So, you should still be around that Rs.500 crore mark? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes, plus or minus Rs 100 crores. 
Saurabh: 
Okay, got it. The second is essentially just on this, now you have given some disclosures on your 
OPEX so there is a new provision you’ve done for nine months Rs.90 odd crore. So, will it be 
fair that this will run off next year? 
Sunil Samdani: 
While it will not entirely run off, it will come down materially because my outstanding book has 
reduced materially. So, next quarter we expect this quarterly number to be because since I will 
be claiming in the next financial year, I still need to pay the premium in the next financial year 
that’s point number one. But that quantum of premium would come down substantially from Rs 
90 crores a quarter to about a Rs.20 crores a quarter. 
Saurabh: 
Okay, got it. And this last question, SMA-0 which you don’t include in your stress book, it’s 
about 3.4% will it be fair that there is a collection efficiency is 98% this number will not 
realistically go down below 2%-2.5%?  
Sunil Samdani: 
Sorry, Saurabh can you repeat the question and we can you please be a little closer to a 
microphone? 
Saurabh: 
So, just for the SMA-0 this 3.4% you have which is not considered in the stress pool, will it be 
fair. I will take it offline, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll move to our next question that’s from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Aggarwal: 
A couple of questions like, first is around we have seen a good progress in the month of 
December margins, also have been improved in this month. So, can we say that the probability 
of default now from the SMA number that we have reported will be much better than what we 
have seen in the prior quarters now? 
Sunil Samdani: 
You mean the slippages? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Yes, the slippage rates from the outstanding SMA pool now, is it likely to decline pretty sharply 
now that the December was a pretty strong month for us? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes, so slippages as we said that my SMA pool has come down and most of my restructured 
book has already flown almost 95%. So, slippages has to come down and will come down. And 
it will come down materially, it’s not what we saw between Q2 and Q3, so there will be a marked 
improvement there. That is also a way to look for the month December, the way NIMs have 
moved. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
And secondly on the SA side where in we have reported a decline in CASA and that probably 
have indicated that as a larger because of customers migrating to term within our ticket size is 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
within two crore, and we also have to classify them as well. So, what is the total quantum above 
two crore, because that will tell us as to when this number go down further or not? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, if you are a rate sensitive customer, you will not wait for six months, so while I take your 
question, the point I want to make here is, a customer who is rate sensitive and who was earlier 
not getting a differential between a term deposit rate and a CASA rate. Because I was offering 
6% in savings, and 6.25% in term deposit, they chose to keep it in savings. Now there is a 
difference between 6% to 7.5%, 7.75%. So, they have moved so that’s the moment we saw. To 
your question on what is the proportion of SA above two crores in our book, it should be around 
10%, a little less than 10%. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Okay, so you think that will remain on that, under 10% we may see vulnerability as probably 
the rate? 
Sunil Samdani: 
No, as I said, if these customers had to move, they would have moved by now and since these 
are high ticket customers, they have a relationship officer and they are continuously in touch. 
So, we have a fair sense of their behavior. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Yes, and lastly any discussion going on in respect to recovery across Assam relief scheme and 
what can be the ballpark number that we can get from this? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, as always, this is a crystal ball which I don’t want to gaze because it is not something which 
is my right. It’s a scheme of government while they have started distributing the cheques to the 
delinquent customers, it is still not material enough to talk. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Rahul from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul: 
Sunil, on your slide seven. Just wanted to understand these numbers a bit better. So, Rs 76 billion 
is the EEB stress pool, you are expecting CGFMU recover in the first half of Rs 17 billion so 
that comes down to roughly about Rs 60 odd billion. So, that against that, provision plus 
estimated recovery of Rs 60 bn would be almost like negligible pool so there is no incremental 
provisioning that is needed, but for the new stress information that might happen on the portfolio. 
Is that a fair understanding? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes, but there could be timing difference, because let’s say this money comes in September. But 
you are assuming that they are like-to-like in terms of timing. So, other than that yes, if you talk 
about the six-nine months period from today, your understanding is absolutely right  
Rahul: 
So, in that context, the fourth quarter provisioning of Rs 5 billion would that also be needed, 
apart from of course the vintage moment? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Sunil Samdani: 
If you see even in this quarter while my stress pool has come down from Rs 95 bn to Rs 76 bn, 
my provisioning has not come down right from a Rs 53 billion I’m still continuing to hold Rs 
50 billion. So, if I have an opportunity why not in-line with my guided credit cost, guide I would 
want to provide for it. 
Rahul: 
Okay but there was an element of write-off also right, so that’s. 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes. 
Rahul: 
Just on the active MFI customer. So, you give total and active, the ratio has kind of reduced quite 
a bit of active to total, by about 10% in the last year or maybe even more if you compare the last 
couple of years. So, this reduction is mainly because of write offs that we may have done of 
these customers and therefore, the improvement in this number how should we think about? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, you are right a part of it is because of write off. And once these write off stops, which we 
believe with time unless we optically change the gross NPA numbers so this number should start 
going back to that original ratio. 
Rahul: 
So, the growth in MFI book will be more driven by ticket sizes? 
Sunil Samdani: 
No not really, it’s both my new customer acquisition doesn’t stop.  
Rahul: 
Yes, but those customers would be like what tickets size Rs.30,000? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, MFI is up to Rs.50,000 and then there is SBAL. 
Rahul: 
Got it. Just, one last question on the disbursals in EEB pool, its down quite a bit understandably 
so I’m looking at slide number 12, its down from Rs 200 odd billion to Rs 152 billion. So, in the 
fourth quarter, as Mr. Ghosh also articulated, should we expect a big recovery in this number 
from Rs 152 bn it maybe North of Rs 200 bn to Rs 250 billion of disbursals? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, it’s a very difficult thing to quantify that today. But clearly, historically Q4 is the best quarter 
for us. So, it should be higher and it continues to be higher. One should also factor the tightening 
that we have, the change in policy that we have done, which is slightly impact on the 
disbursement side. If you compare Q3 versus Q4. So, Q4 clearly be a best quarter in terms of 
disbursement that much I can assure you. 
Rahul: 
Okay. Just one last question I want to squeeze in is the discussion with RBI on PSL, any updates 
there? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, no update. So, hopefully we restart this in next financial year. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Firstly, in terms of the write off, so that’s still continuing. So, last quarter, we saw some sale to 
ARC of the written off portfolio. So, would we be evaluating further sale to ARC or with the 
same ARC wherein we have contracted, how would that be over the next couple of quarters and 
any recovery expectation from this, because last time it was 10% how would that behavior? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, let me take your second point first. When we did the deal at 10% odd, that is not the 
expectation that we have on the recovery, because that that valuation depends on the structure 
of the, in our structure we have assured IRR to the ARC and beyond that any further recovery 
comes to us. So, we don’t want to part away with the recovery of all our customers in the same 
ratio. So, that is how we valued that transaction, because we believe that our customers are loyal 
and as things improve on the ground there is a good scope of recovery. And that’s how we valued 
that. So, effectively the point I’m trying to make is that’s not our fair estimate that we would 
recover. We expect a better recovery than that, that’s the point and into your first question 
whether this is something that we will actively look at. Well, it’s a commercial decision if we 
get a good value why not, if we feel that the, if I have to do the net present value, I’m better off, 
I will look at it or else because ultimately it’s me who is doing the collection. So, nothing changes 
there so it all boils down to a commercial decisioning and if it works in our favor, we’ll do it. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So, that can be evaluated. And secondly, in terms of this housing finance disbursements. 
Okay, so how should we look at the quarterly run rate maybe there was some moderation out 
there in this particular quarter any reasons for that and eventually over the next four to eight odd 
quarters what kind of disbursement section can we look at it the kind of franchise which we are 
trying to build? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Suresh you want to take that question? 
Suresh Iyer: 
Yes, thank you Sunil, and good evening everyone. So, in the housing there has been, the main 
factor why there has been a slight slowdown or whatever stagnation is because this quarter we’ve 
experienced a very high increase in the rate of interest for the customer so the EMI and eligibility 
is actually coming down that’s the main reason why we’ve had it but with the demand still being 
strong, and secondly, with the rates almost stabilizing and likely to come down in spite it should 
have been picked-up. And again, Q4 is going to be is always the best quarter. So, we definitely 
expect that things will pick up and this was probably just because of the rate revision that it is 
there otherwise, it will definitely pick up.  
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. So, on a quarterly run rate basis, we can get towards Rs.2000 crore, Rs.2500 odd crores? 
Suresh Iyer: 
You are talking about the disbursements or the new products? 
Kunal Shah: 
Disbursements. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Suresh Iyer: 
Disbursement definitely we should be touching at least crossing Rs 2000 crores in a quarter 
definitely, it could be normal as I said the Q4 is the best quarter. So, it is likely to be better than 
that, but Rs 2000 cr definitely should be possible and will very soon happen.  
Kunal Shah: 
And lastly in terms of the deposits so, given that the retail proportion is coming off, and there 
has been some reliance on the wholesale deposits as well what could be our stance with respect 
to the increase in the rates now. So, deposits, we are still at 25-30 odd bps premium to the other 
leading banks would be want to have a maybe a higher gap and try to mobilize more of a retail 
deposits? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, it’s a combination of both. In fact, we are watching the market closely, we do believe that 
the interest rate cycle is coming to a peak so we are watching that closely. We do believe that 
there could be one more rate hike as we look forward but, it’s part of the strategy in terms of 
how we should have gone the deposits. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay, but any increase can be expected maybe lending we have seen that kind of a pass on 
almost like 250 odd basis point, on deposits if we have to look at it say from March till over here 
it’s been almost like say 150 odd basis points kind of an increase for us from 5.75% to almost 
7.25%. 
Sunil Samdani: 
Compared to what is happening in the market and RBI there increase, on that basis it will 
become, as of today we are not filling on that, but if someone trans will be again increase this, 
repo rate increase so, maybe that will be like impact on that, I hope that this is not coming much 
more on that as per previous record. 
Kunal Shah: 
No, the question was, maybe when we look at the bulk deposit proportion that significantly up, 
even on a year-on-year basis, and every quarter we are seeing the huge build up like last time it 
was Rs 25000 crore, now we have seen like almost Rs 31,000 odd crores, so not able to 
understand maybe should we continue with that kind of a bulk deposit proportion in the overall 
pool or there would be a real retail deposit acquisition strategy as well. 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, Kunal, as I mentioned earlier, if the whole deposit growth strategy is a mix of growing the 
organic growth, growing to some specific segments, looking at interest rates, looking at the 
strategy, looking at what the market is currently positioned at. So, the answer to your question 
is, yes we will look at it, but the point is that it’s not something that we want to commit right 
now. We are not close to raising rates we have seen that, but the point is that we are looking to 
grow the non-individual, the individual book more than the non-individual as we sort of try and 
balance out the steadiness of our organic growth. So, as of now, that’s the outlook that we have 
and we are seeing some good trends coming in. And hopefully, as we go down the coming 
quarters, the reliance on large bulk deposits will obviously come down as we grow the organic 
book. So, I hope that addresses your question. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of M B Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
M B Mahesh: 
Just a few questions. So, one is, how are we accounted for both the security receipts income as 
well as the CGFMU balances? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, CGFMU of Rs 917 crores we have adjusted Rs 785 crores from the provisioning. The balance 
still continues to stand as liability because that’s the recovery we have done on the last from the 
cutoff date, when we filed which is October end till December.  
M B Mahesh: 
Rs 75 crores is the income which has gone into the NPA is it as a reduction? 
Sunil Samdani: 
NPA provision has come down to that extent. 
M B Mahesh: 
Okay. And you also added Rs 414 crores against from the receipt of SRs? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Correct. So, let me tell you the math Mahesh. If you see my flows to NPA for the quarter is Rs 
2644 crores the increase in NPA for the quarter pre write off. How have we addressed this Rs 
2644 crores, it is Rs.785 crores of the CGFMU money, the Rs.414 crores of ARC sale money 
and the rest is the provision that I have booked which is about Rs.14 crores - Rs.15 crores, the 
requirement was less but we took more provision to improve the coverage ratio. So, that’s why 
you see despite the stress pool coming down from Rs 95 bn to Rs 76 bn, my provision still 
continues to be similar level of September and despite the write offs of Rs.2500 odd crores. 
M B Mahesh: 
And on the other hand, what will be the moment of this Rs.917 crores in your gross NPA line? 
Sunil Samdani: 
 Nothing. So, it only reduces my provisioning that’s it, it doesn’t change my gross. 
M B Mahesh: 
So, these are not in the gross NPA line itself in the first place, it was written off earlier is it. 
There will be loan credit like Rs.1300 crores of loans which are sitting against which you got Rs 
920 crores. 
Sunil Samdani: 
Correct. So, these are part of my NPA book and against which I have received the claim and as 
per the CGFMU circular this can be used to adjust the provision required.  
M B Mahesh: 
That’s right Sunil but how would you adjust it on the loan book?  
Sunil Samdani: 
So, for that I have taken the prudential write off.  
M B Mahesh: 
Okay perfect. So, I would assume that you also made a similar 414 crores as, or in other words 
can you give us a break up of your other income? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Sunil Samdani: 
Okay, I shall but let me explain for the benefit of others also on the Rs.414 crores. Rs.801 crore 
is what we received from ARC as the valuation of that tool that we sold to them. Of that Rs.801 
crore, Rs.387 crore worth of SR was subscribed by Bandhan and Rs.414 crores of SR was 
subscribed by ARC and another investor. So, to the extent of the SR that we have subscribed 
which is Rs.387 crores we have taken a provision against that Rs.387 crores So, the book value 
of those SR in my books is zero while there is an SR on the asset side there is a provision on the 
liability side. The balance Rs.414 crore which I received from a third party which is ARC an 
investor, that I have you taken it as other income, non-interest income and which was utilized 
for creating provisions. So, that’s how the accounting of the Rs 801 crore was done. As far as 
the breakup of the non-interest income goes of Rs.1,033 crores if I have to list down the top five 
or four elements there, clearly Rs 414 cr is the biggest which is the ARC sale income followed 
by processing fees of Rs.212 crores, then the bad debts recovery of Rs 140 crores. So, typically 
we used to recover about Rs.70 crores - Rs.80 crores every quarter it has gone up to Rs.140 
crores because that customer realizes that we are not going to lend to them unless that discipline 
is coming back. So, that is Rs.140 crore and the other large piece is the third party distribution 
of insurance and mutual fund which is Rs.90 crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manish Shukla from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Shukla: 
So, Sunil you said that as of December roughly about 10% of your SA customers would have 
been more than two crore, what would this number have been in March 22? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Sorry, Manish I could not hear your question, could you please. 
Manish Shukla: 
The share of SA customers with more than two crore deposits, you said that’s about 10% today, 
what number would this have been in March 22, the proportion? 
Sunil Samdani: 
That would be much larger because we have seen the movement from savings bank to term 
deposit this quarter. So, earlier in March 22 there was no big difference between my SA rate and 
the term deposit rate so we prefer to keep it in the SA. Unfortunately, I don’t have that March 
22 number ready available here. But clearly this would have been much larger. 
Manish Shukla: 
I’m talking about slippage numbers for the quarter. You said Rs.2846 crores of slippage of which 
roughly 90% was from the existing stress pool that makes us Rs.2500 crores, but the Q-o-Q 
decline in stress pool is about Rs.1900 crores. So, that essentially means there is an additional 
Rs 660 odd crores of addition to the stress pool is the math right or am I missing something? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, stress pool I have already given in my presentation. And if you need to adjust it pre write off 
you can do that because write off numbers are already available. If you can see the Slide #7 you 
will see the stress pool and how it has come down and what has contributed how much. 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Manish Shukla: 
Okay, fair enough I will take it separately. Lastly at the Bank level, can you please provide the 
moment of NPA again slippages recovery and write off for the entire Bank? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes, so the slippages for the entire Bank was Rs.3265 crores gross, the recovery is of Rs 622 
crores and the net addition of Rs.2644 crores.  
Manish Shukla: 
And the total write off at the Bank loans? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Rs.2533 crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take our next question from the line of Param Subramanian from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
My question was on the steady state or the near term margin outlook that you guided Sunil of 
7.75%. So, any color on that, just to rough math 250 basis points if we take on the overall 
microfinance book shouldn’t it be materially higher than that and considering also the housing 
book will re-price along with the increase in funding cost. So, just some outlook on the near term 
margin? 
Sunil Samdani: 
So, Param what we are discussing is the next two quarters. How do we define near term, we are 
saying that as of December end we are at 7.3% and this will keep improving as the re-pricing 
impact and the lower slippages impact starts get factoring. So, by the next few quarters, I’m 
saying that it will reach at that level and that is when we will have to reassess and think how is 
the deposit cost environment doing. If there is any further increase on the lending rate. But on a 
steady state basis, let me tell you, let’s assume that the ticker stops here on the lending and the 
deposit rate side, we expect this to move to 7.75% to 8% and with the change in mix happening, 
it will further come down over the next one to two years to 7.5%. 
Param Subramanian: 
Got it, so Sunil actually as I was looking at it more from the perspective that we expect slippages 
also to normalize from next quarter onwards. So, is there some amount of margin downside that 
we’re building in for next quarter as well some softness because of the reversal still? 
Sunil Samdani: 
No, I don’t think so see, clearly there can’t be a scenario of zero slippages. So, there will be a 
few slippages as we discussed in line with our guidance that we have given earlier and we are 
building for that as well. So, we will have to take it because my cost of fund the point I’m trying 
to make here is 70% of my book is a fixed rate loan and 30% is a variable rate loan. So, the re-
pricing of that 70% will come with a lag, my cost of deposits have increased faster than the yield 
on advances. So, that the gap and as the timing changes the 7.75% can also improve. 
Param Subramanian: 
Got it. That part is understood. Just, one more follow up if I could again on the disbursement 
Outlook. So, the disbursement if I just compare the number, Y-o-Y in the microfinance book it 
is down pretty sharply. So, of course there has been a change in how we are giving out 
incremental disbursements the underwriting so, any outlook in terms of the near term growth in 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
the microfinance book, considering Y-o-Y is this more of a steady state or is this going to pick 
up substantially from there? 
Sunil Samdani: 
There is always a seasonality on disbursements. So, Q4 will always be better and on a longer 
term, midterm we’ve already guided that at the Bank level we are looking at 22% around thus, 
advances growth, of which microfinance should be 17%-18%.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
If you can provide a weighted average tenure of let us say, group loans and individual MFI 
loans? 
C. S. Ghosh: 
What is it tenure that the, group loan is a manually one year and individual loan is one and half 
year to two years. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure. And secondly on the stress pool so if I were to look at SMA-0 plus one plus two, last 
quarter, to this quarter, the dip is around if I were to calculate is around Rs 28 billion, and let’s 
say Rs 25-26 billion has been slippages out of this. So, more or less, the understanding that there 
is virtually on a net basis the forward flow has been more or less negligible is that the math right? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Yes, that’s what it looks like. That’s how it is. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. And lastly on deposits, so you had mentioned that part of this deposit, Q-o-Q decline is 
because of the bulk rate or the differential between TD and SA has reduced dramatically. But in 
the analyst meet when the first week December, the Bank had presented that SA should be 
growing by at least 15%-16% Y-o-Year and then it has actually quarter to date or maybe Y-o-Y 
would actually decline. So, just wanted to double check is this the only factor or that has also 
changed something which is apart from the rate differential? 
Sunil Samdani: 
It’s a rate differential. We were a Bank which was always offering a premium rate on SA and 
like large banks will still work on a 3%. So, it is very natural that we will have a rate sensitive 
and it’s an impact of that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of scattershot Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaitav Shah: 
I just wanted to understand more about the housing finance book, if you can talk more about the 
average ticket sizes and if within the disbursement mix, if you can give us color more on the 
premium segment class that you were kind of alluding to earlier, what sort of proportion have 
you reached there? 
Sunil Samdani: 
Suresh, you want to take this? 

 
Bandhan Bank Limited  
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Suresh Iyer: 
Yes, sure I’ll take this thank you. So, in terms of the composition of the incremental business, 
we are seeing a good traction in the prime segment, which is now contributing almost, 16% to 
17% of the incremental business and in terms of the overall book composition, we still have, 
majority of the book being in the affordable segment only, almost Rs.18,800 crores is the 
affordable housing segment only. So, the majority continues to be there, but we are seeing good 
traction and this segment of prime home loans. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Okay. And sir some color around the average ticket size of the housing finance book, over two 
years how it has moved, two years, one year, whatever?  
Suresh Iyer: 
Yes, sure. So, in the last two years it has moved from our average ticket size of the incremental 
business to around Rs.11 lakhs. Now it has moved to close to Rs.14 lakhs if I look at the overall 
full year, but on a month-on-month basis it is kind of increasing. So, Rs 14 Lakhs would be the 
average of the entire year, but probably incremental. If I look for the month of December, it’s 
around Rs.17 lakhs.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the floor back to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vikash Mundhra: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your time. Wish you a very Happy New Year 
again. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you members of management. On behalf of Bandhan Bank Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
