 
s 
 
  
 
SIGACHI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: U24110TG1989PLC009497 
AN EXCiPACT GMP, ISO 9001:2015 &FSSC 22000 CERTIFIED COMPANY 
www.sigachi.com  
Registered Office: 
#229/1 & 90, 2nd Floor, Kalyan’s Tulsiram Chambers, Madinaguda, Hyderabad-49, Telangana State, India. 
Email: info@sigachi.com, Customer Service +91 40 40114874 - 76 
 
  
 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17.02.2023 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543389)  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051 
(NSE Symbol: SIGACHI) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the 3rd EGM for FY 2022-23 held on 04.02.2023 
Ref: 
Scrip Code: 543389; SIGACHI 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the 3rd Extra-Ordinary General Meeting for FY 2022-23 of the 
members of Sigachi Industries Limited held on Saturday, 4th February 2023 at 11:00 AM through VC / 
OAVM. 
This is for the record of the exchanges. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Sigachi Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shreya Mitra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
SHREYA 
MITRA
Digitally signed 
by SHREYA MITRA 
Date: 2023.02.17 
10:16:32 +05'30'

Transcript of 3rd Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the members of Sigachi Industries 
Limited (“the Company”) held on Saturday, February 4, 2023, at 11:00 A.M. (IST) through video 
conferencing and other audio-visual means (“VC”). 
Directors and KMP present (all present through VC): 
S.No. 
Name 
Designation 
1.  Mr. Sarveswar Reddy Sanivarappu 
Independent Director 
2.  Mr. Rabindra Prasad Sinha 
Executive Chairman 
3.  Mr. Chidambaranathan 
Shanmuganathan 
Executive Vice Chairman 
4.  Mr. Amit Raj Sinha 
Managing Director & CEO 
5.  Mr. Mohankrishna Reddy Arvabumi 
Independent Director 
6.  Ms. Dhanalakshmi Guntaka 
Independent Director 
 
KMP & Senior Management Details (all present through VC): 
S. No 
Name 
Designation 
1. Mr. O. Subbarami Reddy 
Chief Financial Officer 
2. Ms. Shreya Mitra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Other Invitees in attendance (all present through VC): 
S. 
No 
Name 
Designation 
1. 
Aakanksha Shukla 
Scrutinizers & Secretarial Auditor 
 
Members present: A total of 40 members attended the meeting through VC.  
Proceedings of the Meeting:  
Company 
Secretary 
– 
Ms. 
Shreya 
Mitra 
Good Morning Ladies and Gentlemen!!  
I extend a sincere and warm welcome to, Mr. Amit Raj Sinha, Managing Director 
and CEO of the Company and other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, 
namely Mr. Rabindra Prasad Sinha, Whole-time Director, Mr. Chidambaranathan 
Shanmuganathan, Whole-time Director, Mr. Amit Raj Sinha, CEO and Managing 
Director, Ms. Dhanalakshmi Guntaka, Mr. S. Sarveswar Reddy and Mr. 
Mohankrishan Reddy Arvabumi, Independent Directors of the Company and Mr. 
O. Subbarami Reddy, CFO of the Company and the shareholders to the 3rd 
Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company for FY 2022-23 and appreciate 
your interest in being with us today. 
 
I request the directors to please elect a Chairman for the meeting. 
 
Amit Raj Sinha I propose Mr. Sarveswar Reddy Sanivarapu to chair this meeting. 
Mr. Sarveswar 
Reddy 
Sanivarapu 
Thank you, Mr. Amit. I welcome all the shareholders to the meeting…..I request 
the company secretary to take over and proceed. 

Shreya Mitra 
Since the required quorum is present, with the permission of the Chair I now 
commence the meeting. 
In view of the MCA circular dated 28.12.2022, the 3rd EGM of the Company is 
being held using Video Conference /Other Audio-Visual Means mode. I would like 
to take you through certain points, regarding the participation at this meeting: 
 
1. The facility of joining the EGM through Video Conference/ Other Audio-
Visual Means is being made available for members “on first come, first serve 
basis”. 
2. To avoid any background noise and to ensure smooth conduct of the 
meeting, all the Members who have joined this meeting will be placed on 
mute mode by the host. 
3. Once the question & answers session starts, the names of the shareholders 
who have registered as “Speaker shareholder” will be announced. 
Subsequently, they will be unmuted by the host. 
4. The speaker shareholders are advised to speak using video mode, he / she 
may speak using audio mode with ear phones on. 
5. If there is any connectivity problem at speaker’s end we would ask other 
speaker to join. 
6. We would like to request shareholders to kindly restrict their interaction to 
1 to 2 minutes and limit their questions to the business items in the EGM 
notice only. 
7. During the proceedings of EGM, if a member faces any issue, he may contact 
the help line number mentioned in the notice of the EGM. 
8. The Company has taken requisite steps to allow members to cast their votes 
on resolutions being considered at this EGM. 
9. Since there is no physical attendance of Members, the appointment of Proxy 
is not applicable. 
10. As the EGM is being held through video conference, the facility for 
appointment of proxies by the members was not applicable and hence the 
proxy register for inspection is not available. 
11. The members attending this and who have not voted through remote e-
voting can cast their vote at the end of this EGM using CDSL e-voting 
website. 
 
The Company has, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and SEBI (LO&DR) Regulation, 2015 with the Stock Exchanges, provided the facility 
for E-VOTING on the resolutions proposed to be passed at this Extra Ordinary 
General Meeting. 
The E-Voting was opened from Wednesday, 01.02.2023 up to Friday, 03.02.2023.   
 
There are 2 resolutions to be considered in the EGM, the resolutions are: 
 
Special Business: 
• 
Increase in the Authorised Share Capital and consequent alteration of the 
capital clause in the Memorandum of Association of the Company. 
• 
To issue convertible warrants on preferential basis to certain identified 
promoters and non- promoter persons/entities. 
 

We further hereby inform that Ms. Jyoti Bansal has withdrawn her application for 
10,000 convertible warrants. Therefore, the after her withdrawal, the Company is 
issuing 1,09,90,000/- convertible warrants. 
   
The Company has appointed Ms. Aakanksha, Practicing Company Secretary as 
scrutinizer to scrutinize the votes cast at the remote e-voting process and e voting 
process during EGM, in the fair and transparent manner. 
 
This EGM is being held through Video Conference/ Other Audio-Visual Means and 
the resolutions mentioned in the notice convening this EGM, have been already 
put to vote through remote e-voting and through e-voting during this EGM. 
 
We will now take questions from the speaker shareholders.  
Request the shareholders to speak when their name is called out. 
 
Our first speaker Mr. Ramesh Mangluri. 
 
Ramesh 
Manguluri 
Good morning, everyone. My question is regarding the fund raising that the 
company has proposed. The company is raising 300 crores by issuing warrants, 
what are the company’s plans to spend the amount? Is the company looking for 
inorganic growth? 
Management should also consider rights issue to the existing shareholders, so 
they also benefit. 
Sarveswar 
Reddy 
Sanivarapu 
We shall take all the questions first and then give answers after each shareholder 
has spoken. 
Shreya Mitra 
Okay sir. 
Our next speaker, Mr. Suresh Chand Jain. 
Suresh Chand 
Jain 
Good morning everyone. My respected greetings to the chairman.  
Since my other shareholder speakers are in que, my questions will be answered 
eventually I feel and hence have no specific questions to ask. 
Shreya Mitra 
Our next speaker Mr. Aspi Bhesania. 
Moderator 
Mr. Aspi Bhesania has not joined the meeting yet. 
Shreya Mitra 
Next speaker Mr. Kamal Kishore Jhawar. 
Kamal Kishore 
Jhawar 
I have no questions. 
Shreya Mitra 
Our next speaker, Mr. Shlok Dave. 
Moderator 
Mr. Shlok Dave has not joined the meeting as of now. 
Shreya Mitra 
Okay, then we’ll move to our next speaker, Mr. Kanaktala Bharaj Raj. 
 
Moderator 
Mr. Bharat Raj has also not joined this meeting by this time. 
Shreya Mitra 
Next speaker, Mr. Praful Chavda. 
 
Praful Chavda 
Sir could you please switch on the video. 

My greetings to the chairman Mr. Sarveswar Reddy. It is happy to see you as the 
Chairman of the meeting today. My question is specifically regarding the proposed 
preferential issue. Regarding the object of takeover of company, please brief 
which company and what type of company are you looking to takeover. Also, 
please explain about the general corporate purposes and working capital objects, 
how the company plans to spend these amounts.  
 
Shreya Mitra 
Our next speaker, Mr. Sri Hans Kumar. 
Sri 
Hans 
Kumar 
Good morning to all the board members. All my doubts have been raised by other 
shareholders and I hence I have no further questions to ask. I support all the 
endeavours of the company and am waiting for the board members to reply to 
the questions. 
Thank you, Sir. 
Shreya Mitra 
The next speaker, Mr. Shujath Ali Khan. 
 
Moderator 
Mr. Shujath Ali Khan has not joined the meeting. 
Shreya Mitra 
Last speaker, Mr. Md. Afzal. 
Moderator 
He is not present. 
Sarveswar 
Reddy 
Sanivarapu 
Good morning to all the shareholders. There are questions relating to the address 
of the preferential issue as well as the working capital and the general corporate 
purpose. I will give you a brief and later managing director will also explain. 
The first question is related to the proposed preferential issue. Yes, the company 
is raising Rs. 313 crores and a corrigendum was already given to the shareholders 
wherein it was clearly explained about 160 crores is going to be spent towards 
acquisition or expansion of the API unit. About 78.8 crores is going to be spent 
towards the API unit in Kurnool for which land was already acquired by the 
company. Third is for the upgradation of the manufacturing facility at Hyderabad, 
we are spending around 20 crores for this purpose followed by working capital 30 
crores as well as general corporate purpose another 20 crores. 
About inorganic growth, the first object itself speaks of company’s vision of 
inorganic growth where the company intends to acquire a API unit as the company 
sees great opportunity in this in achieving inorganic growth. 
Next, there is also a proposal of rights issue by the company and the matter will 
be taken up and discussed by the board and accordingly appropriate action will 
be taken. 
Now, I request the Managing Director to kindly address the shareholders. 
Amit Raj Sinha Thank you very much Chairman sir. You have broadly brought out all the points 
and also covered the question about company’s acquisition plans. We are actively 
looking out for opportunities in the segment and as and when we have something 
concrete, we will come back to the board and subsequently to the concerned 
team members to get their approval and their blessings. We are on track on that 
and we will come back with certain things as and when it gets firmed up. 
In terms of the rights issue again, Chairman has already brought it out in brief. 
Other than this, there is nothing specific which needs to be debated. I would 
request the CFO to just give a couple of lines brief about the general corporate 
purposes and working capital needs which has been indicated, which will be spent 
over a period of 2 years. 
O. Subbarami 
Reddy 
Thank you, Mr. Amit. 
Good morning, to you all. For general corporate purposes we have allocated 25 
crores and working capital 30 crores. This working capital will be utilised for the 
entire company and will be consumed over a period of 2 years. Even for 

acquisitions, we are actively looking for new acquisitions and the amount can be 
used for this purpose also. GCP, some portion may be used towards working 
capital or even towards the issue expenses. 
Thank you.  
 
Sarveswar 
Reddy 
With this, all the questions were answered, and I propose vote of thanks. 
I would like to thank all the shareholders for taking this initiative to join the 
meeting and working with us basically to conduct this meeting. I sincerely thank 
all the directors for their participation in this meeting. I now authorize Ms. 
Aakanksha to conduct the e-voting procedure. 
The directors and I would now leave the meeting. 
Ms. 
Shreya 
Mitra 
Thank you everyone. Please note that the e-voting facility will remain open for 
next fifteen minutes, to enable those members who have not casted their votes 
would like to cast their vote. Thank you all for casting your vote. 
 
 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings . 
