 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza,  
5th Floor, Plot No C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code : 520113 
Scrip Code : VESUVIUS 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam,  
 
 
 
Subject: 
Transcript of the Investors Meet/Interaction - under Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In addition to our earlier communication dated May 3, 2023, regarding the Outcome of 
the ‘Investors Meet’ hosted by Vesuvius India Limited on Wednesday, May 3, 2023, in 
Kolkata, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the said ‘Investors Meet’. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI LODR, the aforesaid Transcript is being 
disseminated on the website of the Company i.e., www.vesuviusindia.in, which can be 
accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.vesuviusindia.in → Investors → Announcements 
 
We request you to take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vesuvius India Limited 
 
 
 
Vikram Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A16381) 
VIKRAM 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by VIKRAM 
SINGH 
Date: 2023.05.10 
14:15:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“Vesuvius India Limited” 
Investors Meet 
May 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Biswadip Gupta - Chairman 
Mr. Patrick Andre  – Director 
Mr. Nitin Jain – Managing Director 
Mr. Henry Knowles – Director 
Mr. Vincent Dujardin – President Advanced Refractories, Vesuvius plc 
Miss. Nayantara Palchoudhuri, Independent Director 
Mr. Rohit Baheti – Finance Director & CFO 
Mr. Vikram Singh – Legal Director & Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Vikram Singh: 
Please do not expect any answer on UPSI and please refrain yourself from asking any questions 
regarding UPSI, so we can start now.  
Management: 
Sir, we have not heard from you for a very long time, so if you will give some opening comments 
on the outlook and how you are seeing the progress of the company. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, did any one of you come for this AGM today?  
Analyst: 
Yes. Some of us came. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
It might be a repetition for you, but basically the year 2022 for Vesuvius has been very 
challenging, especially since steel plants were recovering from Covid and the biggest issue that 
the steel plants or other projects - the return of migrant labourers was a big issue. So, a lot of 
projects got held-up, delayed because of a shortage of manpower.  
The second thing was because of the Russian/Ukrainian war, the logistic costs for all raw 
materials that were being transported from outside, all of you know how the container prices 
went up and availability was not there. So, there was a big issue with logistics managing the 
businesses for us. This was the second issue last year we had faced, and all followed from that.  
Then there were two major consolidations that happened, one was on the steel plant side, there 
was a lot of consolidation that happened. Virtually now you have three -- if I leave out SAIL, 
you have just three major players now so that gives you a lot of advantage in the sense that you 
are talking to one company, one purchase man and you are in one go meeting, you are talking a 
lot of business. On the other hand, it also gives in a particular Indian context, a major issue in 
terms of purchasing power goes to the purchasers now. Unfortunately, we still work on that L1 
concept.  
However much we talk about values and all that, it still goes on that. So, to some extent and you 
cannot afford to lose a customer because we lose that, you lose a big customer. So, this was 
happening on our side and the other of course was because the export market was going down, 
a lot of Indian refractory companies who were predominantly exporters, had enough capacities 
to bring their materials into the country and that somehow causes disturbance.  
So, last year was a very, very difficult year as far as these things were concerned, but credit to 
the team that works here, that brought in here and I am not even talking about the change of 
CEOs and the other things that we did, which was also if you really look at it, we had I think 
three different CEOs in a span of 2-3 years, which is not an easy thing for a company, which 
had stabilities in that. We did not have so many CEOs in the whole of history, but the leadership 
team took the challenge very well and with a very strong help of Patrick Andre and his team in 
Europe, we went through these entire issues much, much better. We were able to increase our 
market shares.  
Now, I know there will be a lot more questions on market share because I know you have all 
attended a lot of other analysts meets and other meets. There was an increase in our market 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
shares, the costs were brought down significantly, we addressed the logistic issues in the ways 
we could - globalizing everything, central purchase, etc. and we fought and have been 
successfully fighting the Indian businesses and we have not lost any markets to anyone for 
whatever reasons.  
So, the other thing that happened very strongly was this is the time when I remember Patrick 
Andre talking about the only way, we can get away from it is bringing in more technology and 
more technology and improve quality, improve safety, improve productivity, yield, etc. and we 
invested a lot of time and effort on these things. So, with these things, the performance as you 
have seen in 2022 was to my mind, a fairly satisfactory performance.  
Could it have been better? Yes, if things were a little different, we could have had a better year, 
but more importantly, is it sustainable? That is, I think the question that we would like to answer 
ourselves that, is the performance that the team delivered last year, sustainable over the coming 
years. That answer is something that unfortunately, I cannot put my finger and say yes, no, 
maybe. But whatever trend we are seeing so far, and this is the month of April end, it sounds, it 
seems that Nitin and his team will sustain this momentum. Beyond this, I do not think you expect 
any more detailed numbers, but the suffice to know that the performance of last year would not 
be a flash in the pan, would not be just like that, would be systematic deliverable results which 
have come in with a lot of work and effort which has gone on.  
So, the second thing that happened last year was as I said in the AGM, it is a watershed year for 
us because after 2000 when we acquired part of CUMI in Vizag, we had not done any major 
investments. We were looking for it but did not somehow work out. Last year, we invested and 
completed two major expansions, one in Kolkata, one in Vizag at a cost of about close to INR100 
crores between the two of them. We bought fresh land in the industrial area in Vizag, not far 
from our current two factories.  
About 21.8 acres of land, we bought and we announced and laid the foundation stone and work 
has already started on two projects for two different product lines. And as we mentioned there, 
the product lines are one, mould flux. I am sure you are all aware of it, that Vesuvius now owns 
the mould flux powder called Metallurgica. So, Metallurgica is transferring its know-how and 
knowledge for a green field plant in Vizag. So, we will be making the mould flux powders here 
which are currently imported and we will be supplying them from here, which was not in our 
product basket earlier, but very much complementing our product range because as you know 
mould flux powder is used on the casters, where steel is transformed between liquid to solid. So, 
we will be making that in Vizag within 2024 we will start the production.  
We are also starting up a basic monolithic plant which is also going to be a top product line - we 
are missing a lot of businesses in those two areas. So, these are two things that have started and 
as Patrick was mentioning in the morning, this 21.8 acres land has a lot of potential to have new 
businesses, new product lines in the future which we are looking into very, very seriously. I 
mean I do not think we are in a position to disclose any more than that and as far as this is 
concern, but it is an opportunity for us which we found that in one site we can perhaps have four 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
or even maybe even five new product lines coming up there. Two have already been announced 
more will be coming, when we do not know, but it is a possibility. 
As far as inorganic expansions are concerned, as usual, we have our eyes open, but we really do 
not see something that fits our strategies and profiles at the moment, including some of the ones 
that went on recently to other people which we can discuss later, but at the moment we are 
looking around, but we have not found anything which will be suiting us, but we have kept our 
provisions we have kept enough funds with us we are well equipped, in case something happens 
we will jump into it.  
So, this was last year in short and other than that I do not think there is anything left Nitin Jain 
in terms of highlights for last year, I do not think so.  
Nitin Jain: 
 I think well summarized. Maybe you may add a few comments about working capital 
management which has been quite efficient.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
And as I was saying that people always talk about you having so much money why do not you 
give it back to us and things like that you know we discussed we see this. So, I was saying this 
is a backhanded compliment for us. The business is good, business is doing well and that is 
generating good cash and we are seeing that. So, when you are saying that even after spending 
about a year marking INR100 crores to INR200 crores. How much money did we spend last 
year in total capex about INR150 crores - INR200 crores? 
Rohit Baheti: 
Last year was INR112-113 crores. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
And this year also we have kept a significant amount. Even after that if your cash reserves are 
not going down which is good, I think it tells that something is being done well right in our way. 
So, that is one. And working capital management, there is a huge amount of pressure for reducing 
stocks, getting the debtors cleared up, talk to the customers making sure that we get paid on time. 
We have an inherent issue which is basically our way of working is on a solution-selling basis 
which means, we supply material today and once only once when it is used that we can make 
the final billings.  
So, and then every customer has its cycle of payment period. So, by the time you may have 
supplied the materials or used the raw materials, there is a time lag when you get paid. So, that 
is being addressed we are looking into that how to reduce that there have been a lot of discussions 
we even tried factoring this out and all that, but it did not work out very well. So, we are working 
on that issue. But inventories, the debtor management's - trade working capital as we call that 
TWC is, very much within thing I think we are talking of a value of 20 - less than 18%-20%.  
Nitin Jain: 
Slightly above, but yes.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
Average is about 18%, 20%. 
Nitin Jain: 
But if you look at our last four years it has continued to go better. 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Rohit Baheti: 
Our net working capital or cash conversion cycle has reduced significantly over the last three 
years.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, that is it and Patrick anything else I missed? 
Patrick Andre: 
No.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, that is the little bit of background. So, how do we do this? Everybody will have a question. 
Rohit Baheti: 
So, let us just probably restrict the number of questions to one per person given the number of 
people we have, and I am sure a lot of questions will be repeated so probably we can start from 
this table and then we go around the corner does that work? 
Vikram Singh: 
So, regarding this, can you please first speak your name because the transcript will be made 
public.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
So, I am Abhishek Poddar from HDFC Mutual Fund. So, my question is regarding the expansion 
that you have just concluded. If you could give us, how should we assume the benefit of this 
will go into the number meaning how the ramp up will happen over the years? There will be 
some understanding of that? And also, in terms of the new expansion that you are talking about 
what kind of capex commitment will be there, when it will be finished and how we will be able 
to do that? 
Biswadip Gupta: 
The first one is the expansion in the Kolkata plant. That expansion has resulted in an increase of 
capacity by about 35% to 40%. I was told that it could even be 50%. So, the isostatic press 
products that we have has increased by about 50%. And also, what has happened is, many of 
you may have seen the plant or may not have seen the plant. What has happened is that expansion 
has allowed us to ergonomically lay out our existing facilities also. That old factory plant which 
we had “old” i.e., now being laid out a little different way because now we have more space. So, 
that cramping is gone now ---- movement and flow of materials are much better. So, this is the 
first one. 
The second one is, in Vizag, we were running short of monolithic precast products. We have big 
backlogs coming up and we had to work hard to get that. So, we had to add additional capacities. 
So about 50% capacity increase from the precast facility has happened. So, if you recall the 
Vizag there are two factories now. One is, we where we make the monolithic mixes and the 
second one is where we convert those mixes into precast blocks - different shapes and blocks. 
Also, the one part of side of that factory we also make the taphole clays. So, I am talking of the 
aluminium silicate that is this side of business i.e., the precast. So, that has doubled. So, two 
have doubled and the total investment in these two plants as I said is about close to INR100 
crores that is done already. These are working. They have already started working.  
And in the new factories that we mentioned (the new plants the two product lines), the total 
capex intended will be roughly… 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Rohit Baheti: 
For the two new plants which are coming up, the total capex will be close to INR93 crores, the 
basic mono and the flux plant we are talking about. 
Patrick Andre: 
To understand the benefits we have an ambition to double our business in India in the next 5 to 
10 years and for this, we need new capacity because our business has been running well in India 
over the past few years, we are now reaching close to full capacity for a certain number of 
product lines. By increasing our isostatic capacity by 50% or precast capacity by also 50%, we 
are laying the foundation for the continuous expansion of the business. And what is very 
interesting and it is one of the big attractions of Vesuvius is to see the low capital intensity of 
our business.  
We were talking INR93 crores to INR100 crores to increase two of our key product lines by 
50% is very cheap. It's very cheap. We are a low capital-intensive business, and we want to 
remain a low capital-intensive business and the reason why we are not and we do not want to be 
integrated into mining. We don't believe that mining has any interest for a business of ours 
because we grow through technological differentiation with a low capital intensity and that's the 
reason why our business always remains free cash flow generative whether in good times or in 
bad times. We always generate free cash flow for our shareholders which is extremely positive, 
and this free cash flow enables us to fuel the growth of the business going forward.  
That's exactly the reason why you will find no debt on the balance sheet of Vesuvius India and 
despite the investment that we are currently undertaking and the investment that we are planning 
to do in the coming years to grow even further our capacity both in existing product lines and in 
new product lines like fluxes that we may decide to integrate and introduce in India. We in all 
the simulations that we are doing we should remain with a very strong balance sheet meaning 
that we would not need to tap the debt market and even less to increase our share capital. I think 
this is quite important. It's one of the specifics of the Vesuvius business model - strong cash 
generation.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And I think there's a follow up on this. There was some understanding that the capacity 
commissioning which has happened in Kolkata and Vizag, how will the ramp up of the plant 
happen and how many years should we assume that the plant would be fully occupied? 
Patrick Andre: 
If I tell you that our ambition is to double the business in 10 years, I sincerely hope that before 
the next five years, we will not have enough. So, the objective is that we saturate this new 
capacity in the coming five years. And I hope sooner, which will be good news. If we need to 
invest a little bit more sooner than that, it will be that we will be ahead of our plan, which will 
be a very good news.  
Ambar Singhania: 
Hi, sir. This is Ambar Singhania from Nippon Mutual Fund. I have two questions. One is on the 
export side. Like now we are seeing India is evolving as an export hub for many industries and 
for many products as such. We have an advantage in terms of low-cost production and good 
quality products as such. We as a house still have a slightly lower export as such. So, what is the 
reason there? What are we doing to increase the exports maybe to the parents, sister concerns. 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
How can we make India a larger contributor to the global parents’ requirements in terms of 
exports? And what are your internal target maybe 2 to 5 years horizon in terms of what will be 
the export as a percentage of sales that is first? And the second is that 3 - 4 new product line 
which sir has just spoken about or there are four to five new product lines. What is the overall 
market potential size of those products? And what kind of revenue we are looking at more from 
a longer term particularly as three to five years coming in from those additional products or the 
newer products?  
Patrick Andre: 
Regarding your first question, it is not a strategy of Vesuvius India to develop exports. We are 
very clear and transparent. We have at a global Vesuvius Group level a strategy of being local. 
So, we produce in China for China. We don't export much from China. We produce in India for 
India and Southeast Asia. We produce in Europe for Europe, in North America for North 
America, in South America for South America. So, export is not the main focus of our strategy. 
The focus of our strategy is the domestic market of India and to a lesser extent Southeast Asia, 
but mostly the domestic market of India which would be one of the fastest growing markets 
going forward. So, we are investing primarily to support the growth of the Indian market with a 
strong focus on the satisfaction of our Indian customers.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
This has been our strategy from day one. There could have been opportunistic sales once in a 
while here and there. Suppose some plant in Europe is not working and they need something 
urgently or something like that. That could switch but generally, it has always been India for 
India.  
Ambar Singhania: 
But we have 25% of our traded goods that can be impacted. 
Patrick Andre: 
We don't trade goods. This is a very important point. I think you are referring to other players in 
the industry, we don't. From the beginning what Vesuvius has been selling in India is what’s 
produced in India. So, Make in India has been a Vesuvius strategy for the past 30 years with Mr. 
Gupta. So, 95% of what we sell in India is produced in India and it was already like that 10 years 
ago. When we increase our sales in India, we invest in manufacturing capabilities in India 
including for new product lines that we are now progressively introducing and this will be the 
case in the future.  
The reason why we are doing that is because we believe that the world is becoming more 
fragmented. We are not convinced that choosing one region to export to the rest of the world is 
a sound long-term strategy. By the way, we are seeing it for people trying to import into India. 
India is not an exception. You see that, Indian customers are more and more demanding that the 
goods that they purchase have to be produced in India. But India is not the only one in the world 
to have this kind of strategy.  
You will find that everywhere. In the US, US customers want more and more the goods that they 
are purchased to be produced in the US. Brazilian customers want more and more the goods that 
they are purchasing to be produced in Brazil. The Make in India strategy that you know very 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
well, there is also a Make in America strategy, a Make in Brazil strategy, a Make in China 
strategy.  
So, each region has its own geopolitical vision and we believe that those people producing 
locally will have an advantage. So, these are strategies that we are adopting everywhere in the 
world. So, what we produce, what we sell in India we believe has to be mostly produced in India. 
This is already the case and will continue to be the case going forward. What is consumed in 
other regions, most of the cases will be produced in other regions.  
Ambar Singhania: 
And secondly about the new products which you are going to add, what will be the potential size 
of the market and what kind of market share we are targeting over the longer period of time in 
that? 
Patrick Andre: 
So, this is confidential information about what market share we are targeting, so we will tell you 
when we get there. But what I can tell you is that, first, I have to confirm that the decision we 
have made to introduce the mould flux product line in India is not the only one we will make in 
the coming years. There will be other similar decisions taken in the coming years to introduce 
also other manufacturing product lines for a product which for the time being, are not 
manufactured by us in India.  
And the second thing is that, generally when we introduce something we have strong ambitions 
and that we never introduce a product line to keep the status quo in terms of what our presence 
is on the market. So be it for the mould fluxes or for other product lines that we may introduce 
in the coming years in India, we will have strong ambitions to gain market share based on this 
new manufacturing setup. 
Ambar Singhania: 
Any number you can put there in terms of market size? Any ballpark number? 
Patrick Andre: 
No, because market is not given, the market is also something, especially in the type of product 
where we are operating, the market is something that you create, that you convince also the 
customers to use the products which they didn't use before. If I had asked you 30 years ago, if 
you needed an iPhone, you probably have told me, what is that thing? I will never have any use 
for that. So, there is a little bit of that in our industry also to convince customers to use different 
types of products, new generations, new technologies which sometimes some of them are not 
even aware that they could benefit from.  
Ambar Singhania: 
Last question if I can squeeze in. In the overall industry as we have seen a lot of consolidation 
has already happened. One of the largest competition has already acquired a couple of companies 
and taken the market share significantly higher. So, any comments from your side, how are you 
seeing the industry panning out? For us if the competition is increasing because of that or how 
do you see the overall industry panning out? Is it that the fringe players are getting away and it 
is making the top three players stronger, or the competition is becoming tougher now? 
Patrick Andre: 
You know, first and to come back to a very important point that Mr. Gupta mentioned already, 
our customers are consolidating. I think this is a point that is important to remind. It's true 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
worldwide but it's especially true in India where the customer industry, the steel industry in 
particular has been over the past few years consolidating quite significantly. So, the fact that the 
refractory industry is itself consolidating is a relatively logical development and we see that 
positively. Because when the industry consolidates, generally all players benefit from this. So, 
we support, generally speaking, we have a positive view on the idea that the industry, the 
refractory industry could or will consolidate even further.  
As far as we are concerned, first I would like to remind when the industry consolidates, 
everybody benefits because you have less players, it means that there is less competition, so 
everybody benefits. So as far as we are concerned, we have some appetite for inorganic growth, 
but we have two important things. First, we have priority on organic growth because we are 
lucky enough to have differentiated products and to have strong organic growth opportunities. 
So, the first priority of the strategy is organic growth. Not all companies have these organic 
growth opportunities. 
Vesuvius happens to have them because of our investment in R&D. So, our first priority, because 
this is the most profitable, this really corresponds to the core of our business, is to grow as 
quickly as possible, organically. And when I was mentioning earlier our plan, our objective, to 
double the size of Vesuvius in India in the next five to ten years, I was only referring to organic 
growth. If there would be inorganic growth, it would come on top of that. So, we really believe 
that we have the potential to at least double our business in India, only based on organic growth 
and this is today our absolute priority.  
Regarding inorganic growth, if there is one day, an attractive opportunity to grow inorganically 
on top of organic growth, we will look at it with a lot of attention for the time being, but this has 
not been the case. And what I mean is attractive, we need two criteria for a company to be 
attractive to us. The first one is that it should bring us something from a technological point of 
view. It should be something that we believe we are not able to do ourselves from a technological 
point of view. For the time being, we have not seen that.  
And the second important thing is that it should be available at a reasonable price because we 
are extremely disciplined in our approach to external growth. We don't want to buy something 
which we know already how to do at a too high price. Because if we already know how to do it, 
it's much less expensive in terms of capital allocation to invest ourselves in the production 
capacity to manufacture directly what we already know how to do. And this is really the 
philosophy behind our decision to expand by 50% our isostatic capacity in Kolkata.  
So, the cost to increase by 50% of isostatic capacity in Kolkata is less than one-tenth the cost of 
acquisition. So, why would we waste money in an acquisition when it would be a rip-off for our 
shareholders if we would do that? So why would we waste our money by making an acquisition 
when we can do it ourselves for one-tenth of the cost? So, this is our philosophy, but maybe at 
some point, we'll find there will be a potential acquisition for a company doing things that we 
don't know because we don't know everything. We are good at what we do, but we know what 
we know, but we also know what we don't know. So, if a company can bring us something to 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
add to our technology portfolio and at the same time enable us to penetrate new markets in an 
efficient and quick way, this is something that we may consider at some point in time if the 
opportunity would arise. 
Deep Master: 
My name is Deep Master, I'm one of the Financial Consultants. We've been invested in Vesuvius 
for over two decades. So, thanks for doing this in person again after a while. So, you mentioned 
two product lines, one was the mould flux and the monolithic. So, are these products now taking 
you more into steel making because historically we were in flow control and ironmaking we 
were stronger. We didn't have a play on the steel-making side. So, do this mark an entry for us 
into steel making or are they still within the flow control? 
Patrick Andre: 
So, flux is completely into the flow control part. Flux is typically a flow control product line. It's 
where we are expanding worldwide. We made some acquisitions; we acquired a German 
company Metallurgica ten years ago. Then we had a US company, then a Brazilian company 
and now we are setting foot here in India. It could be our first footprint in Asia for this product 
line. And it's typically flow control. Basic monolithic is both - basic monolithic is very useful in 
the continuous casting area which is close to flow control but can also be used in the melting 
refining for BOF and EAF gunning which is also an area where we are planning to expand. 
Deep Master: 
I have another question about your margins. We've seen the best margins a few years ago and 
we had to kind of get back to our heydays. So just trying to understand that with all the activity 
happening should it be expected that the company is now also focused on boosting the margins? 
Not asking for a number and not asking for a time frame. But if you can just give some 
commentary on how you are looking at margins.  
Patrick Andre: 
I can tell you how we as shareholders of Vesuvius, we are looking at the potential of Vesuvius. 
After that, it is the role of Nitin to make it happen. But we as shareholders of Vesuvius, believe 
that the margin potential of Vesuvius India, long term, is what we've seen, that the recovery that 
you've seen over the past couple of years, which I would like to congratulate the management 
for that, I think that it's a good job, that this recovery I believe is only the beginning of the story. 
We are absolutely convinced as shareholders and this is the way we are expressing ourselves at 
the board, that the potential for margin, long term margin of Vesuvius India is probably even 
greater than what you've seen in 2022. And I am very confident that the management of Vesuvius 
India will make it happen. 
Analyst: 
So just speaking on that, can you just elaborate on what happened in the last year, due to which 
we went into that range? We've come down on that range, so just to understand what we did 
through this. 
Patrick Andre: 
I think the real question is what did it drop? Because the real question is what did it drop from 
three years ago? 
Analyst: 
In what kind of range that we used to deliver? 
Analyst: 
18% in 2017. 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Nitin Jain: 
So, I think it's a mixed bag. If you look at the last four years, I think Mr Gupta addressed some 
elements of internal leadership challenges, right? And then external markets over the last three, 
four years have also been. It has gone from the 19’s steel industry going through bankruptcy, a 
lot of focus on cost and a lot of consolidation to the 20’s COVID when the market itself had a 
very significant turn. And what has happened over the last four years, especially at the initial 
part of 18, 19, and some part of 20 when customers were very, very cost focused, they lost focus 
on solutions, some of them.  
And when the markets start to improve late part of 20 and 21, customers realize that the total 
cost of ownership of refractory (with Vesuvius) is better than others. So, the recovery that we 
see today is both in the sense of market share gain, where we have a lot of recovery of market 
and the new solution that we have been able to introduce. So, it's a mixed bag. I think external 
had a strong play in it, market in 2019, then COVID in 2020. Customer focus on cost and 
capacity management and things like that. In a market where 2021, excitement about growth and 
a lot more demand and we see that in 2022, and we see that going forward, all this new capacity 
coming up will only benefit customers who take a solution approach.  
And consolidation, another positive side of consolidation is that larger customers are, I will not 
say maturity, but more inclined towards better solutions. They are willing to pay for it, and that's 
where we excel. So, we also see that customers, as they are focused on high-quality steel, high 
grades of steel, they're looking to improve their own operations, we see that increasing 
appreciation for solutions, and that's where we excel. So, it's a mixed bag of a story, but overall, 
as the volume picks up, you have a stronger trickle-down effect in your bottom line.  
Analyst: 
But sir, the 18% margin, which was about 4-5 years back, it also was a function of some one-off 
orders which you executed on the export side? 
Nitin Jain: 
Won't be able to comment on 18, 
Analyst: 
18%, A couple of years had a large export business of INR200 crores plus, and from what we 
have understood, is it correct or not? So, we need not look at those margins, but we can look at... 
Nitin Jain: 
I think what we should look at, what matters to all of us is year-on-year improvement, right? So, 
now that being said, , two comments, right? Number one, local for local, that Patrick talked 
about, and Mr. Gupta talked about. Today, what we produce in India is as good as, what we 
produce anywhere else in the world. So, the product that we produce -- for the steel industry, 
and that to some extent cement as well, the (performance) demand in India is not any less than 
the customer that we face in Europe and America.  
In fact, it's more because of the new capacity which is coming up with new technology, and the 
demand for higher-refractory technology is not less than what we see in Europe or America. 
Because of the strategy that (Vesuvius) Group had, and it's not new, it has been a historical 
strategy - local for local, our manufacturing setup, and it's not just the plant, it's the people that 
produce it at the end of the day. The skill set of the people in the management team is available 
today, which has developed over decades to produce those high-quality products. Our plants in 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
India are as efficient or more efficient than our best global plants. So that gives us a market edge 
in terms of -- we don't have to develop those skills, we already have those skills in our 
organization. 
Analyst: 
So, should we look at -- just to comprehend it much better, should we look at the margin profile 
of the relative geographies of Vesuvius, relative companies of Vesuvius, when you say local for 
local, we should look at the more recent margin of 14% as a reference. Because the range is very 
large. So, when we look at local for local, then we look at the relative geographies of product 
lines as similar.  
Nitin Jain: 
Margin is a function of the external market. 
Analyst: 
That you said, address. 
Nitin Jain: 
And of course, we stay away from giving any future guidance  -- but what Patrick and Mr. Gupta 
said…. 
Patrick Andre: 
 there is no reason, there is no structural reason why the Indian market should be less profitable 
than other markets. So, this is -- I know there is a lot of mythology about it. My answer is no. 
There is no reason why India should be a less profitable market than the US market or the 
Brazilian market or the Italian market or whatever. If I may, in some respect, for the reasons that 
Nitin mentioned, it could even be the other way around. Because the business of Vesuvius is to 
propose products and solutions that competitors are unable to propose. It's to differentiate 
technologically for this you need demanding customers.  
The worst customers for Vesuvius, the ones with low profitability, are the customers who are 
not demanding, which are producing easy steel, the type of non-differentiated type of steel, 
where they don't need special solutions to reach the best quality steel. This is not the way I'm 
seeing India developing. One of the specifics of India is that most, if not all, steel makers have 
the ambition to go up the technological ladder to produce quality steel in India which is at par, 
with the best steel producers outside of India. And for these reasons, if they want to do it, they 
will need to use high-quality flow control or advanced refractories consumables. And this is 
exactly what Vesuvius is doing.  
And so, I see no reason why, from a longer-term perspective, the profitability of our activity in 
India would not be at the same level, if not better than the profitability of the equivalent activity 
in other parts of the world. And then the problem of export and not export becomes in some 
respects, a bit irrelevant. Already today, many export markets are less profitable than the Indian 
market. Several export markets in some Middle Eastern countries, for example, are less 
profitable than the Indian market because the customers there are less sophisticated than the 
Indian customers and are less inclined to valorise the quality of the consumables.  
Analyst: 
Sir, two questions. One on the management and the royalty fee side, which was raised in the last 
couple of years from 1% to 3%. Is it not fees for a certain year or it tends to be every year and 
we need to figure it out over the years?  

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Patrick Andre: 
It's very simple. The management fees of Vesuvius are set at a level where it is the same for all 
regions in the world, which is a requirement from a tax point of view, you can make a difference. 
Analyst: 
Sir, whatever level is set, is set for one year or there is a certain time period for which it is set?  
Patrick Andre: 
There is a time period up until the moment we decide to change, as always, up or down. This is 
something that we are reviewing regularly. Depending on the level of activity of the respective 
regions, because globally, and these are OECD rules, so this is not something specific to 
Vesuvius, for management fees to be acceptable from a tax point of view, you need to use the 
same rules everywhere in the world.  
And those rules are not something carved in stone where you say, the result is not carved in 
stone, the formula is carved in stone. It's associated with the turnover, to the number of people. 
So as this is not stable in time, this can be revised from time to time. And I will say, generally 
speaking, the more regions become proportionately important in the global consolidated figures, 
the higher the percentage. 
Analyst: 
The question is, how much of the portion of our business is capital refractory in nature, and how 
much is the consumer refractory in nature? 
Management: 
95% plus consumables. Our business is consumable. We nearly have no capital goods. We are 
really, really consumables, and we will remain so, even if we are developing in robotics. 
Robotics for us is, I don't know if the analogy with coffee, but robotics is for us the coffee 
machine of an espresso system. So, robotics is a way to accelerate the sales of consumables. So, 
we sell a little bit of robotics, but we sell robotics exactly like a coffee machine is made to make 
you consume more coffee capsules. Robotics for us is a way to accelerate the penetration of our 
consumables with our customer base. 
Priyank Chheda:  
I am Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. My priority is to know more about Vesuvius and we 
are very sure that the growth path ahead is very clear for us. I need clarity on this, we have a 
service income that has grown from INR300 crores to INR600 crores, and that's the whole delta 
that has come for the full year in the total revenues. So, if you can provide more clarity on what 
is the nature of this service income, sustainability, would this help in gaining margins, or is this 
a re-classification or is this a one-time -- I mean if you can clarify that, that's one?  
Second, need a clarification on the press release that we had, that we had announced INR500 
crores of capex plans, but what I can reconcile is the INR90 crores capex plan that you have 
given clarity on. So, if you can provide more clarity on the rest of the balanced capex, how and 
when we would do that? And the third clarity I want is on the exports. So, on your conference 
call, with your investors globally, you did mention that India would be a manufacturing hub 
across the Asia. So, would it be that is it only restricted to India or would it be restricted to Asia, 
more clarification on that. 
Nitin Jain: 
Indian service, so a large part of our business that we do, we don't only supply refractory, we 
also guarantee the performance. And customer benefit because they can rely on the expertise of 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Vesuvius in terms of refractory. And what we have seen over the years, customers increasingly 
give more trust to Vesuvius in delivering and managing the refractory requirement. In return, 
we also benefit by maximizing performance for customers and customer rewards for it. Now 
that being the background, over the years if you see the history, the service part of the business 
continues to grow as more and more customers move towards total service management, which 
basically helps us in maximizing the benefit for customers. And in return, customers also become 
increasingly more demanding of performance. So that's the background.  
Yes, it's increasing. It has increased over last year because we had a number of new projects,  
new capacity which came up with our own solutions and then some existing customers who also 
moved to our total service management. So that's the background. Now going forward, whether 
it will go up or not, it's difficult to comment, but I don't see any reason for any structural change 
significantly either way.  
Biswadip Gupta:  
So that's on the service then. It depends also on which are the customers which take service 
contracts from you. And what are the plans for increasing capacity production? So, if you take 
the four or three major customers groups, all of them are on service contracts. So, sustainability 
is certainly guaranteed because when they increase that production, that service contract part 
goes up. So that part will continuously go on increasing. Not as Patrick said, the small, non-
differentiated steel plants that have, say, small batches of stainless steel, can't use it for long 
periods.  
So, service contracts are basically for those big groups. And that's how it started. We wanted to 
differentiate Vesuvius from the others and it still works. There's also another advantage to 
service contracts. It's not just products. It's the knowledge that goes and skill that goes along 
with people who manage those contracts. This, the competitor finds it very difficult to emulate. 
Today, if you see a differentiator, a key differentiator between Vesuvius and other competitors, 
one of them is that we are very strong in service contracts, whereas others are trying to develop 
this and they are not as good as Vesuvius at the moment. 
Nitin Jain: 
The other question on capex and export, I think it has been addressed already. So, I will not 
comment on it. 
Patrick Andre: 
I've not made the math, but I think that what we have already invested in between Kolkata, 
Vizag, and the acquisition of the Vizag land. We are probably today, I think it would correct me, 
but probably closer to 150 plus.  
Biswadip Gupta: 
More than that, 62 crores only on land 
Patrick Andre: 
We are probably between INR150 and INR200 already. Now, not INR93. The INR93 was also 
partial. We are probably between INR150 and INR200. The other ideas that we have in mind 
over the coming three to five years will bring us, in my opinion, probably above the INR500 
crores. But this, we'll discuss it at the right time. When we will communicate on those 
investments the day, we are breaking ground on it. But the ideas that we have in mind that we 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
are currently studying very seriously on top of what has already been launched will, in my 
opinion, bring us at least INR500 crores. 
Priyank Chheda:  
So, you said INR150 crores to INR200 is the number that we should look for Vizag in coming 
years. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
We have visibility on that. 
Patrick Andre:  
INR150 to INR200 crores is what has already been done, what will be completed beginning of 
next year. The path which has already been launched, is already under construction and will be 
completely over and operational by the first quarter or second quarter of 2024. This is already 
done. On top of that, but we have other projects which will bring the total to, I think, at or 
probably above INR500 crores. 
Priyank Chheda:  
And all of these are books of Vesuvius India? 
Patrick Andre: 
Yes. 
Priyank Chheda:  
The export just wanted to continue because, you know, there's a bit of a misunderstanding. 
Because we, in the global, all we've done, we've said that we'll be looking to export to Southeast 
Asia market out of India. And here there is a bit of a disconnect where we say that we'll want to 
manufacture locally for each of our jobs. What would be your strategy exactly for exporting to 
Southeast Asia? And one added question on that, whether that market we are already serving 
from some of our plants outside India that the business is already with Vesuvius, plc. and it has 
been through India or it’s a fresh business that we need to gain in that market? 
Patrick Andre: 
I will clarify this. Our manufacturing strategy is regional. So, we have defined, we say, big 
regions in the world. It's not country by country. Because otherwise, if we need to have one plant 
in every 173 or 174 countries in the world, I think it would not be very capital efficient. So, it's 
region by region. In Asia, we have two main manufacturing hubs. One is India. The other one is 
China. India is serving primarily India. And this is the main objective of India, is to serve India 
but is also exporting flow control products to Southeast Asia. 
And China is serving primarily China but is also exporting flow control products to North Asia. 
So, Korea, Taiwan, Japan. So, in fact, in terms of flow control, we have two manufacturing hubs, 
India and China, for the whole of Asia. Not only for India and China but for the whole of Asia. 
For advanced refractory products, we are more granular. Some limited number of advanced 
refractory products are also exported from India and China to the rest of Asia. We also have 
manufacturing plants for advanced refractory products in Malaysia, Australia and Taiwan. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So, with regards to the Southeast Asia opportunity in exports, what could be the potential market 
size? Because it's of India globally, that is one of the markets which is growing, you know, high 
single digits in scale. So, what could be the market opportunity size for exports to these markets? 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Patrick Andre: 
I think it's a growing market. The Southeast Asian market is growing rapidly. Vietnam in 
particular is growing rapidly. And I think that Vietnam in particular, but for Southeast Asia, for 
flow control products will become relatively sizeable in the years to come. And the natural 
supplier of this Southeast Asian market for flow control products, again, not for advanced 
refractories, but for flow control products will be India. 
Analyst:  
But sir, basically the competitive market with our largest competitor, we've seen that the margin 
that they are delivering is between high-teens and low-teens. So, what I want to understand is, 
sir, just mentioned that the service income has grown and that's the whole data. What I want to 
understand is this gap in the margin. Is that because of product mix or is that because we're not 
fully increasing? 
Biswadip Gupta: 
Can I take this one? 
Management: 
Yes, please, please. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
You have to also see what our competitors offer. Perhaps they have a majority of items that we 
don't offer. 
Analyst: 
Right, so that’s what I want to understand... 
Management:  
Obviously worldwide, not just in India, worldwide, these companies have product ranges where 
Vesuvius primarily had not been active. It doesn't mean that we are not going to be active. And 
beyond that, we cannot discuss at this moment and this is where I think Patrick Andre was 
holding back. So, yes, they have a basket of products that we do not cater to for the moment. 
They have developed this over the years. They have resources... 
Analyst: 
One more thing sir, so they made a recent acquisition that you also just spoke about. DOCL 
acquisition that’s happened, do our products compute with those products? 
Management: 
So, let me clear this out for everybody because I'd been hearing and reading a lot about these 
two acquisitions they made, which one is Hi-tech and the other is Dalmia-OCL. Let's look at it 
this way. As Patrick Andre said, we do not want to do any inorganic acquisition growth which 
does not add value to our products.  
Analyst: 
I understand that. 
Management: 
So, at least bear with me for a minute. High-tech as a company is making good refractories. But 
this Hi-tech is 30 years old Vesuvius-like plant. When I built this plant in Kolkata 30 years back, 
the same equipment suppliers, the same people who manage those, same companies have built 
that plant. So, that's what Patrick said at so much. One tenth the cost. We got 50% of our capacity 
enhanced on product technology, on the same product line. 
So, therefore that was one reason why we had no interest. Now, to bring it to our levels, the 
high-tech plant, they might need to do a lot of changes, a lot of investments. Dalmia-OCL has 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
been a primarily big brick maker. They have dolomite. They have other basic bricks. So, they're 
primarily bricks. Viso flow control products have a Japanese technology, which they are also a 
margin, also player, but they're not a big name in India, even in Indian markets. 
To convert that into a real threat to Vesuvius, it will take a lot of effort, a lot of time, a lot of 
money, and a lot of technology. Vesuvius is not prepared for those things. So, therefore these 
two acquisitions do not affect us at all. Because we are now going to put in our technologies 
through our expansions, through new modern machines. You know, it's a completely different 
thing. 
Analyst: 
So, you're competing in a different sector. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, it's a different sector. So, when you talk of margins, I think we're not comparing apple-to-
apple. Exactly. 
Analyst: 
That is my question, sir. 
Biswadip Gupta:  
This question will come, and I'm sure it's absolutely correct question. Everybody says refractory. 
If I say that in our field of refractories, we have 55% of the market share in India. Balance 45% 
is held by five other companies. I won't be wrong. 
Analyst: 
Fair enough because they're different refractories. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
So, there are different refractories. So, we are focusing on that but does not prevent us from 
doing, you know, selectively looking at other areas. Which we might do. 
Analyst: 
But how fast we can change people? How fast we can talk to them? 
Biswadip Gupta: 
We have some similar products abroad. Today they don't make products here, these products. 
They're all imports. 
Analyst: 
Sir, I have one more question. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
I think that's what they do. They don't make it here, no? 
Analyst: 
There is one more question. My question is, nowadays a lot of MNC since post-Covid and what's 
happening in China. Russia and Ukraine war. They've been shifting their base from China to 
India to other countries. Secondly, there has been talk of China plus one and now Europe plus 
one. Europe had a power crisis because of the Ukraine war. Still, things are not clear. What is 
Vesuvius seeing about it? Because I read an article where a lot of power-consuming production 
is shifting to India and other countries. 
And advanced and refractories consume a lot of power when you make it. So, is there a plan 
even for a parent to make this company export to Europe at some point of time in life? Is that on 
the drawing board right now? 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Patrick Andre: 
No, it's not for several reasons. The main reason is that we are not energy intensive. Our business, 
our manufacturing base is not energy intensive. The type of products where we are active are 
not very energy intensive. To give you an order of magnitude on a consolidated basis, energy 
costs in the global cost structure of the business worldwide were probably before the energy 
crisis, probably 2-3% or more. So, energy is absolutely not us deciding factor in terms of where 
we locate our activity. 
The most important deciding factor is where our customers are. And so, no we are not planning 
to relocate in India or elsewhere activity because of energy concerns. On top of that, we look at 
energy on a long-term basis. To make investment decisions, we don't want to look at energy for 
the next one year or two years. We look at energy costs or whatever costs for the next 10 or 20 
years. In that respect, I'm not convinced that the situation in Europe will remain what it is today 
for the next 10 years. 
Europe has probably couple of years or even five years of difficulties, but the substitution is 
going very fast. Probably by the end of next year or even by the end of this year, there will be 
no need for Russian gas in Europe anymore. New sources of energy are coming onstream, so I 
would not bet that energy prices in Europe will remain what they are five years from now and 
for the long term. We are not making the analysis that it's big enough to justify a switch. 
Analyst: 
And about China, a lot of MNCs are shifting because of the behaviour of the Chinese 
government. People are scared, especially MNCs are scared, the data are getting stolen. This is 
all international press reporting. Do we have any such plan of locating from China? 
Patrick Andre: 
We are not planning to supply Chinese customers from India, if this is your underlying question. 
No, our customer base for our Chinese manufactory is Chinese. So, if we want to supply Chinese 
customers, we should supply them from China. 
Analyst: 
Just two questions from my side. So, first on the margins, again, harping on the same thing, I 
think that mix is different between the two companies. But if I look at the gross margins of both 
the companies, RHI India, and Vesuvius India they are probably the same at 40%. 
And below that then, the difference in margins comes from, one big issue is the royalty, which 
is about 3.5% for us, versus they take about 0.8%, 0.9%. So, 2.5%-3% difference comes from 
there. And then there is about 2.5% differential between the employee costs and the other 
variable costs. So, they are at 18%, we are at about 12, 12.5%. I believe that this royalty might 
not be going down as low as the RHI. 
But then there are other levers. So, just wanted to get some sense that, you know, what are the 
other levers that you can go to the RHI level, or is the royalty, a big factor, which will not 
happen? So, then the margins will remain, and the difference in margins between the two 
companies will remain where it is. 
Patrick Andre: 
I think you should look at the coming years and make your opinion based on what will happen, 
what will happen in the years to come. 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Analyst: 
Because the gross margins are the same, so then it doesn't... 
Patrick Andre: 
We will see if it will remain the same, we will see. 
Rohit: 
And if you notice from last year, the margins increased by 3%. And I think as Patrick Andre 
mentioned, hopefully, we are on the right track probably for further margin improvement, but 
hard to comment anything further on that.  
Analyst: 
Last question. Last year I remember that the total market size of refractories in India was about 
INR8000 crores, which was mentioned in the AGM. And sir said that about 20% to 20% is the, 
you know, the size of the market that we cater to where we have 55% market share if I am not 
wrong. Now, with these new product introductions, where can we, like, perfect INR8,000 to 
INR9,000 crores market size in India? Where can, how much can we cater to out of that? 
Patrick Andre: 
I think the first is too soon to answer your question. And second, we are not, and we will not, 
we will continue not to target the full refractory market in India. So, we are not, and we do not 
want to be a generalist refractory supplier. So, you see, this is what makes Vesuvius different 
from others. Vesuvius is absolutely not interested in supplying every type of refractory. Other 
companies have different strategy. We don't want to be a one-stop shop where you can buy 
whatever refractory you need. 
We are only interested to expand in this sub-part of the refractory market where technological 
differentiation is possible. The commoditized part of the refractory market, where profitability 
is structurally lower, is not of big interest to us. 
Analyst: 
Because that has to show in the margins, which is not getting shown. Because the other player 
is catering to everything, and his margins are better than ours. So, something is not getting 
shown. 
Patrick Andre: 
Because we believe that, I leave it to you to ask the question to the other players as you want, 
but we do not believe that being a generalist brings value. We accept that others have different 
opinion, but we do not believe that being a generalist brings any type of value. Because when 
you are in the commoditized part of the market, anybody can enter the market. And if it's not 
today, it will be tomorrow. When there is no barrier to entry, there will always be somebody to 
enter. 
And especially in a very entrepreneurial country such as India where it's not very costly to enter 
the business. Some part of the refractory market is a little bit of money. You create a plant, you 
create a newcomer, it's not very complicated. So, we are not interested. We are looking at a long-
term strategy. We are not interested to remain or to go in those places where there is little barrier 
to entry. 
Rajesh: 
So, Rajesh from Ganges Securities. Correct me if I'm wrong. If the steel industry grows by 5% 
to 6% then the refractory industry in value terms grows by about 8% to 9%. While it requires 
using your spare cash to get into monolithic and mould fluxes are laudable, the areas mould 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
fluxes especially are very low right now. So, we expand the market in monolithic as well. It will 
take a much longer time. So, is it conceivable that we grow only at the market rate for some 
period of time 8%-9% or should we grow more than that? 
Patrick Andre: 
First, I'm not sure why the refractory market will grow faster than the steel market. 
Rajesh: 
I'm just saying in value terms because the plants are growing over a period of time. 
Nitin Jain: 
On a constant price, it should not be right. 
Patrick Andre: 
It's rather the other way around because steelmakers are becoming more efficient in the 
conception of refractory. So, the refractory market, the natural growth of the refractory market 
is a little bit less than the steel market, not more, a little bit less. And our ambition is to grow 
faster than the steel market. So, it means gaining market share on the product lines where we 
decide to be active. 
Rajesh: 
Yes, so if you mention the fact that there are three or four large players, of which we've already 
seen JSW finishing a large part of the expansion. And we know the solutions contracts in JSW 
the particular period went to. So, how are you placed in terms of, say, Tata Steel or Arcelor? If 
you can get more granular in terms of how you see the market share in those expansions where 
we can really see the kind of growth that we're in this idea. 
Patrick Andre: 
No, we cannot be more granular, but by definition, it means that if we want to grow our market 
share globally, it means that our ambition in terms of market share for the expansion is higher 
than our existing market share. ------ 
Rajesh: 
So, last 10 years or so, we have seen a very flattish kind of manufacturing revenue growth. I 
understand from the conversation it would be led to some of the products that we didn’t have 
globally as well as in India some of this would be because of constraints. And also, business 
solution side, the test and advantage of both are good now if they are having global, targeting 
global more product addition. Carrying more product capacity addition in India and as we 
believe in FY’22 numbers, we believe the ------ is also improving, next five years the growth to 
be better than last 10 years. Is this something that we can assume? 
Nitin Jain: 
It’s a good assumption. I mean the steel industry (growth) itself in the next five years seems to 
be better than the last five years. So that itself creates a trajectory. Then on top of that if we're 
introducing products that we did not have in the Indian portfolio, but we had in the global 
portfolio. It's not that we didn't have those products in the global portfolio, but we didn't have 
them in the Indian portfolio. So, for example, mould flux, it’s one product that we talked about, 
we had mould flux, Metallurgica for over a decade. 
So, we started to understand our market for mould flux over the last few years. Now we believe 
we are mature enough and we understand the market well, and the market is ready to accept the 
solution. So, if underlying market will grow faster than the past five years and then we would 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
be able to introduce new products and hopefully successfully penetrate the market, then we 
should, we can only assume that we will grow faster than the market. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Sir, question here. Jinal Sheth from Auriga Capital. So, globally, there's a concept of a part of 
remuneration linked to shareholder returns. Now, is there such a metric within Vesuvius India 
considering the last five-year returns have been around 6% - 7%, which is risk-free data? 
Nitin Jain: 
Whether the management team has incentives tied to the equity value. Right? 
Jinal Sheth: 
Of the Indian entity? 
Patrick Andre: 
No. 
Viraj: 
Sir, this is Viraj, I have one more question from Jupiter Financial. How does green steel affect 
us? Like, whether it's a lot of green steel, is it, I think it's beneficial to us since we are a 
technologically advanced company. 
Patrick Andre: 
I think that there are several aspects. It's a big question. First, we don't believe that there will be 
any negative impact of green steel. I don't think everybody can say that, but we don't see any 
negative impact on our business of green steel, because most of our, if not all of our products 
are being sold in part of the steel production process, which will not be affected by the evolution 
of processes towards greater steel (industry). In particular, as we are specialized in the 
continuous casting area, you always have a continuous caster, be it after an electric furnace, or 
after a glass furnace, you always have a continuous caster. 
The interesting question is, could it be a positive for us? And this, I would say, depends a lot on 
which region we are in. So, we see in some regions of the world, some important push from 
some steel customers to change their processes, to adopt, we don't say greener, but less CO2 
emitting type of steel processes. And then we can help those steel producers accelerate their 
transition towards green steel. And then I believe it can be an advantage for these users. At the 
same time, there are other regions of the world where for the time being, we don't see much 
action on the ground from the steel producers. 
And the preoccupation is there, so there is more and more talk about it. We don't see yet a lot of 
investment decisions, practical investment decisions, to change the way steel is being produced. 
And for the time being in India, as you know, the vast majority of development in India is still 
using the very efficient, but also historical production route of blast furnaces. And this remains, 
at least today, in India, the main route being chosen by steel producers for their expansion. 
So, we don't see it yet, I think it will come at some point, we don't see yet any inflection, any big 
inflection points in India. We are starting to see that in other regions of the world. 
Viraj: 
So, question on the raw material. 

 
 
Vesuvius India Limited
 
 
May 03, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Nitin Jain: 
So, we will have to conclude, I think we have flights to catch. It has been a fascinating discussion, 
so it has been a very, very nice discussion. 
Biswadip Gupta: 
I could only suggest that if you have further questions, just send it to Rohit or Vikram. I'm sure 
they'll get in touch with us and sorry for the delayed start. 
Rohit: 
And thank you all. I think a lot of you have come down from Bombay and other places. Thank 
you for coming down for this investors meet. 
 
