  
K.P.R. MILL LIMITED 
  
Corporate Office 
: 48 Floor Srivari Shrimat, 1045, Avinashi Road, Coimbatore 
- 641018. India © 
: 0422-2207777 
Fax : 0422-2207778 
05.05.2023 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
1° Floor, Rotunda Buildings, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot: C/1, G Block, 
Phiiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE: 532889 
NSE: KPRMILL 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 04‘ May, 2023. 
In Compliance with 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to the filing of Audio Recording 
please find the attached, transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call as received from 
the Concall service provider. 
Please take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
P. Kandaswamy 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
  
Regd. Office 
: No. 9, Gokul Buildings, A.K.S. Nagar, Thadagam Road, Coimbatore - 641 001. © 
: 0422-2478090, Fax 
: 0422-2478050 
GSTIN 
: 33AACCK0893N1Z9 
Email 
: corporate@kprmill.com 
Web 
: www.kprmilllimited.com 
CIN 
: L17111TZ2003PLC010518 
 

 
 
Page 1 of 35 
 
 
 
“K.P.R. Mill Limited Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & 
Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd.” 
 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
P. 
NATARAJ 
– 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR,               
K.P.R. MILL LIMITED 
MR. PL. MURUGAPPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
K.P.R. MILL LIMITED 
MR. P. KANDASWAMY – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
K.P.R. MILL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK NIGAM – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 35 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call of K.P.R. Mill Limited, hosted by 
Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Nigam from Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Nigam: Thanks, Jacob. Hi, everyone. Thank you for joining us today 
afternoon. We are joined today by management from K.P.R. Mill 
Limited. We have with us Mr. Nataraj – the Managing Director; 
Mr. Murugappan, who is the CFO; and Mr. Kandaswamy – the 
Company Secretary. And now without any further delay, I will 
hand over to Mr. Nataraj for opening comments. Over to you, sir. 
P. Nataraj: 
Thank you, Mr. Abhishek, and very good evening to everyone 
here, and I welcome you all for the K.P.R. Mill Limited Q4 
Earnings Call for the Financial Year 2023. 
The opening of economies around the world after the COVID 
crisis, consumers had the opportunity to spend the money that 
they could not during the COVID period. Consequently, demand 
soured, and brands and retailers increased orders to meet this 
pent-up demand. However, with inflation raising, especially after 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the demand of consumer 
goods slowed with inventories remained very high 
KPR commenced FY2023 with a positive mode of growth and 
profitability. But the steep increase in cotton prices, we all know 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 35 
well, coupled with the resultant lower yarn realization impacted 
the margin. However, the unstinted support from the garment 
segment and our inherent strengths enabled KPR to repeat its 
performance level despite the challenges. 
Now, the cotton prices started stabilizing, the textile industry is 
optimistic with the government policies and FTAs. As reported 
earlier, to improve our performance further, we implemented a 
certain modernization and expansion plan at a total outlay of 
about Rs.500 crores. Setting of above exclusive vortex spinning 
mill at an outlay of Rs.100 crores will be completed during the 
current financial year. The rooftop solar power plant at Rs.50 
crores is completed and commissioned.  Processing and printing 
expansion at a cost of Rs.50 crores will be completed in the first 
half of this financial year. Ethanol capacity expansion at Rs.150 
crores will be commenced before the coming sugar season 
2023-24, that is by October this year. 
Then finally, we spent around Rs.100 crores on modernization 
to improve the quality of the product so as to meet the 
customers’ requirements. With this, we have spent around 
Rs.500 crores in the last one year. The project will be completed 
by the end of this year around Rs.500 crores investment. 
Geopolitical tensions, high inflation, raising commodity prices 
and interest rates are impacting many economies. The textiles 
business is also facing challenges. So, we are watching the 
market continuously and will consider any further expansion 
plans accordingly. 
With these opening remarks, the floor is now open for the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 35 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Kapil Jagasia from Nuvama Wealth 
Research. Please go ahead, sir. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Sir, firstly, wanted to know reasons for this sharp contraction in 
gross margins for this quarter? 
P.L. Murugappan: This is mainly due to the margin reduction in spinning business, 
that is yarn and fabric. The cotton prices were highly volatile and 
the demand is little subdued, because of that the realization of 
yarn and fabric is lower than the normal levels, the profitability is 
also low during this quarter. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
So, what were the margins in yarn and fabric segment this 
quarter? 
P.L. Murugappan: This quarter is about 10%. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Garment segment margins would be? 
P.L. Murugappan: 25% and sugar is about 20%. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
How are you seeing this in coming quarter, any unutilized high 
cost, cotton inventory still in our books or how is it? 
P.L. Murugappan: No, sir. All the inventories of the previous season has fully 
consumed. We have only the current inventories. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
My next question is your sales contribution from Europe region 
this year has increased to 60%, 61%. So, can you elaborate, 
any client additions done in that region over the last one year? 
P.L. Murugappan: It is mainly because of the existing customers like Primark and 
some of the European customer increased the order since we 
have commissioned the new plant for their requirement, the 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 35 
demand has increased from Europe and whatever the balance 
available capacity will be utilized for the other region customers 
in the coming year. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
How's the demand environment in Europe region for garments, 
is it improving from last year, how is the outlook over there? 
P.L. Murugappan: When compared to last year, we all know well about the Ukraine 
war, purchasing trend has changed a little bit in the Europe. So, 
as like what we are also waiting for similarly general image in 
Europe is also like that, there is a little bit slow down in the last 
three, four months we are able to see. But we hope that this 
trend will change and we are able to see a change in the order 
flow. Most probably the orders are moving towards the large 
players. So, this is what we are able to see now. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
What would be your order book position for garments as on 
today? 
P.L. Murugappan: As of today, it's about Rs.1,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go-ahead sir. 
Biplab Debbarma: Sir, my question is on capacity expansion. So, you have multiple 
capacity extensions, one in ethanol, one in vortex, then you 
have the modernization, bottlenecking. Sir, just trying to 
understand all this capacity expansion like how much increase 
in turnover this capacity expansion would be to? 
P.L. Murugappan: Vortex spinning is expected to be somewhere around Rs.100 
crores of turnover on completion of the project. And the solar 
power plant is expected to generate revenue of close to about 
Rs.12 crores per annum, it's more of a profit. And processing 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 35 
and printing expansions is expected to increase its capacity by 
about 4,000 tons. And ethanol expansions will increase the 
revenue by about Rs.150 crores. 
Biplab Debbarma: So, around more than 250-odd crores from all these capacity 
expansion? 
P.L. Murugappan: Other than that, in the modernization whatever we have done it 
will improve our competitiveness in the market and we will 
continue to be the preferred customer in the market. 
Biplab Debbarma: This always would lead to around 250-odd crores of increase in 
our turnover? 
P.L. Murugappan: Yes, more value-added products, so we will have returns. 
Biplab Debbarma: Recently, Government has announced mega textile park and 
two of the parks has been launched; one in Karnataka, one in 
Tamil Nadu. So, any plan of investment in this mega textile park 
and by when do you think this park will be operational if you 
intend to invest in, by when do you foresee that you would invest 
in this park? 
P.L. Murugappan: Development activities not yet commenced in Tamil Nadu. We 
expect that it will be done in the coming period and the final 
notifications and other benefits will be announced in the coming 
year. Based on that we will take a call on that. 
Biplab Debbarma: And my final question is on the total interest cost has gone up 
significantly and I believe that level has also gone up. So, since 
we are doing a significant Rs.500 crores of CAPEX and in future 
also we are all anticipating your CAPEX in garment. So, at what 
level of debt would you be comfortable and how would you fund 
this CAPEX, what is the thought behind this CAPEX expansion? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 35 
P.L. Murugappan: Most of the CAPEX project we have announced, and 
implementing is from internal sources only except the ethanol 
project where the interest subsidy is available. Apart from the 
ethanol project, the other projects are all from internal accruals. 
The current term loan is about Rs.590 crores and working 
capital of about Rs.735 crores and overall debt-equity ratio of 
about 0.37%. So, we feel up to 0.5% would be comfortable, but 
we are not intending to borrow much because the cash 
generations are good. Some of the term loans we have are 
mostly interest subsidy loans, other loans, we are slowly closing 
down. 
Biplab Debbarma: So, what would be the blended cost of debt in this? 
P.L. Murugappan: It will be somewhere around 6%. Working capital loan is higher 
because it's season ending, we are holding stocks for next four 
to five months, that's why the working capital availment is little 
higher. It will be regularized in the coming periods. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipen Shah, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Dipen Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, in the past year if you look 
at the total revenue growth in garments, we had probably a 5% 
to 7% volume growth and a large part of the revenues came 
from our increased realizations, which has reached almost 
Rs.200 Crores. So, if you could just give us some idea about 
what's the kind of value addition which came in and how much 
was because of the price increase because of cotton? 
P.L. Murugappan: Some 10% would be because of the cotton price increase, that 
is expected to continue in the coming period also, because 
currently, the cotton price is around Rs.65,000, the prices what 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 35 
is in the previous period is also the same, it's expected to 
continue. On the value additions, we have introduced some of 
the printing technologies in the garment divisions and 
embroidery and other whole body printing kind of a thing. The 
value addition is slowly going up and that would be somewhere 
around 10%. 
Dipen Shah: 
So, I think the average realizations could sustain at the current 
level because most of these are kind of longer-term in nature? 
P.L. Murugappan: Yes, yes, long-term in nature. 
Dipen Shah: 
As far as the current year is concerned, we had just a volume 
growth of 5% to 7% last year. Any indication whether growth 
could be better in the current year based on whatever you are 
seeing in the market? 
P.L. Murugappan: Currently, we have about 147 million garment capacity. We 
hope that we will reach close to that. 
Dipen Shah: 
Sir, you said there is some improvement in demand which could 
come through, but maybe something specifically Europe and US 
what trends are you seeing? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, generally if you see the China Plus One, everybody we are 
talking since long and overall, the sentiment is that the 
customers are looking for a large customer. Another very 
important issue is the inventory which is a big issue now. So, 
those who have the working capital capacity, those who are able 
to keep the inventory level, the customers once they place the 
order, they are just keeping the warehouse as they own here. 
And whenever they need the shipment, based on that only we 
have to ship it. So, we have to keep the stock up to the 
production of the garments.  Here, the working capital facility is 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 35 
very key at the present situation. Only like having capacity and 
inventory, storage facility and the working capital facility, this 
kind of the facilities are key at the present level. This plays a 
major role. So, large players can grab more orders. So, that is 
the position. So, KPR is well placed in this area. So, we feel that 
the future will be good for garments. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC. Please go ahead with your question. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Some clarifications. Firstly, on the cotton side, how much 
cotton inventory we must be having on the balance sheet as of 
now, and what would be the average price? 
P.L. Murugappan: Balance sheet date, we have about four months inventory. Now, 
we have a little more. But the average cost would be 
somewhere around Rs.54,000. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Secondly, I understand you have mentioned on your opening 
remarks that you would wait and watch for the right time for the 
announcement on the garment capacity expansion. But if at all if 
you have to do it, how much time will it take you to get your 
capacity ready to fill the demand, should it be ready within six to 
eight months, do you have any scope within your existing facility 
to expand or will it take one and a half to two year like previous 
Greenfield expansion? 
P. Nataraj: 
So, we have a certain space also in the existing facilities, that is 
small like five to 10 million capacity we can go with Brownfield. 
But further if you want to go for a large expansion, we have to 
plan for the Greenfield. And so, we have past experience in the 
last 10 years like creating the facility so we can make it in like 
six to eight months, whatever the size, like 30, 40 million 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 35 
garment capacity we can be able to set up. But the main thing 
here is we have to see how the trend is around the world due to 
war or various uncertainties. People say some recession maybe 
there in future. So, with various uncertainties, we are closely 
watching the market. And again, I know decision is not in our 
hand. We have to wait and see how the trend goes, maybe I'll 
say next three months, six months. So, based on that, we have 
to take a decision. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
If at all if you announce it, will it be a similar size of the 
previous capacity, 35, 40 million plus or would it be? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, yes. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
And in the same region? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, in the same region. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Lastly, on the yarn business, given the demand and 
spread pressure do you think this is worst now and from here on 
we should see improvement or do you think it is very difficult as 
of now to comment on the demand and spread both? 
P. Nataraj: 
Generally, you see the yarn price again, what is the position on 
the final product as I told just now, most of our exports for the 
textile products for Europe and US. So, when garment orders 
improve, automatically the raw material yarn, also will improve. 
So we have to wait and see. But I can say that the worst is over 
because cotton prices went up to more than one lakh per candy 
and they just came down. If we look at the last couple of 
months, it stabilized somewhere around 60,000 to 62,000. So, 
we can say that the worst is over, and we hope maybe in the 
next quarter or two definitely the situation will improve. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 35 
Naushad Chaudhary: Any comment you'd like to make on your retail brand, FASO, 
how is it doing, you had some ambitious target for FY24, are we 
on track to achieve that? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, we have the target and almost we are moving towards, it 
except during the COVID time when we started the same time 
and it was a little tough time and in the last six months we are 
pushing it to cover even the earlier time what we lost and we 
hope that we can achieve as per our plan but we are lagging a 
little behind because of the COVID and other issues, and we are 
confident that we can push it to the track. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So, just wanted to understand the opportunity in the 
garment segment as this China Plus One opportunity is still 
there and very active and various other countries are still facing 
issues on maybe some or the other factors. I'm just trying to 
understand a large player like you why are we waiting for 
demand improvement to happen and stuff because otherwise 
we can do capacity expansion and place our capacities much 
better than a smaller company. So, just wanted to understand 
the thought process on what is leading to a doubt where the 
demand will not come in the next six months? 
P. Nataraj: 
No, no, you see that one year back the China Plus One was 
very interesting and a lot of orders are flowing in. But after that, 
a lot of uncertainties are happening around the world like there's 
some region the war is going on and the garments in this region, 
Tirupur and even KPR were the major exporters to Europe. And 
Europe you know very well that Europe is most affected 
because of this war. And even the people's purchasing pattern 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 35 
itself has changed. So, from a passion to basic needs they have 
moved like that because of the gas problem, power shortage the 
power cost has gone up manifold in Europe. Every human being 
when the basic needs they struggle, their full attention will be on 
this. So, they will think fancy or a passion will be the next. So, 
that kind of situation is there. So, we are very cautious, and we 
don't want to just invest hundreds of crores, and anything 
happens, so we don't want to put the investment and keep it idle 
or struggle for getting orders and all these things. So, when the 
situation becomes the worst or something like unnecessarily 
investing on this and we should not get into trouble. So, we can 
say that we are a little more extra cautious. So, that is only the 
reason we are waiting for. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Generally, as per your experience of so many years in 
the industry, how much time does an improvement in 
consumption generally take in such kind of scenario. We've 
been through many recessionary cycles. 
P. Nataraj: 
Recessionary, we can say, but the war scenario and all, I think 
we are first time facing this kind of situation. So, it is very 
difficult. So, we can assume, but we should not go wrong. So, 
that is a reason we are waiting for that, that's why I told. We can 
predict, but it cannot go right. So, it's better to wait and see for 
some more time. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Second question is FASO. What is our thought process 
there and how are we moving ahead on that business? 
P. Nataraj: 
Because we started in the state and we moved into southern 
states, now, we are actually moving to pan India. So, this is what 
we plan at the beginning. So, we are moving as per our plan. 
But the only thing was due to COVID and other issues, it was a 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 35 
little bit time lag, almost, one to two years lost in that, and we 
are aggressively pushing it, and we hope that maybe we are 
running behind that and as our team and marketing team and 
technical team, we are pushing it fast to catch up this time 
maybe in a couple of years what we lost in that. So, we hope 
that we can reach as per our plan. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Can we assume that the brand could be Rs.100 crores 
brand in the next two years? 
P. Nataraj: 
We also hope to do that. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, last question on your spinning business. This vortex 
spinning that you have announced, is it a better profitability 
business than your current spinning or is it the same margin 
business? 
P. Nataraj: 
Almost margin will be the same, but one thing we can say is that 
cotton has high fluctuation in the price, ups and downs is there 
and mainly we use viscose fiber. So, the fluctuation will not be 
there, we can say the stable margin without high risk like cotton. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
The demand is also improving in the viscose segment, 
right? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monish Ghodke from HDFC 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, our sales to Europe is around 60%. So, what would be the 
split between mainland Europe and the UK? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 35 
P.L. Murugappan: UK would be somewhere around 15%, balance will be other 
European countries. 
Monish Ghodke: 
So, 15% of the 60%? 
P.L. Murugappan: Yes. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Europe and North America are almost equally large garment 
markets. What is the reason that we are so strong in Europe but 
not as strong as North America like if I compare even Australia 
which is a very small market, our share is 14% whereas North 
America which is a larger market, we are just at 20%? 
P.L. Murugappan: American business some three, four years back when we 
expanded the business. Otherwise, we are in Europe almost. 
Now only we are expanding our businesses to other regions like 
the US, Australia and all. We hope that in the coming period the 
share will increase. 
Monish Ghodke: 
On our yarn and fabric business, what would be the split 
between domestic and export? 
P.L. Murugappan: Almost domestic only. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, what would be our typical yarn realization? 
P.L. Murugappan: The current quarter is about Rs.265 per Kg. Fabric is about 
Rs.310 per Kg. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, this cotton prices if I'm looking at trends of past few months, 
it's around Rs.60,000 a candy. You said our procurement cost is 
53, 54. So, why is it lower – are we buying some different quality 
cotton? 
P. L. Murugappan: No, it is Rs. 62,000 to Rs. 63,000, not Rs. 52,000. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 35 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, last question. Generally, the textile and garmenting 
industries say that we don’t have FTA with you; that’s why we 
are not benefiting. But we have FTA with Japan and Korea. 
Why, as an industry, our share is not that strong in those 
countries? 
P. Nataraj: 
Since the beginning, the product what we are making is to the 
Europe and the US. The Japanese market is niche market, not 
volume based. So, it depends on how you make the product. 
Suppose one company or one region makes volume based and 
few players make only niche garments, and in this region if you 
see that mainly Tirupur region where most of the exporters 
where entire Tirupur is making more than Rs. 30,000 crores of 
export are mostly on volume based. That is the main reason we 
are towards Europe and the US. Still, we also do a small volume 
but the quantity will be very less. It is for the small players 
having 100 to 200 machines, those people can go for niche 
market. Large volume if you want, we have to have a larger size 
factory and we have to go to these kinds of markets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gnanasundaram S. from 
Spark Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Gnanasundaram S: Sir, sorry to be harping on this again, but just in terms of the 
garment capacity, we have done about 135 million pieces this 
year and our capacity is about 157. There is a minimum room 
for about 18% with the kind of growth that is left out in terms of 
capacity. And typically, the large facility that we have at 
Chengapalli took us about 14 months in terms of gestation. So, 
when could we really expect this in terms of you getting 
confidence? Because you illustrated to a lot of positive facts 
coming out of this expansion into North America or in terms of 
larger players gaining share. So, why is this really not imbibing 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 35 
confidence in us to go for a capacity expansion right now? Are 
there labor related issues? 
P. Nataraj: 
No, this is not…. Already the Chengapalli unit is a larger size 
unit. To ramp up a factory of this size takes time where we have 
to meet both order booking as well as the training of the labors. 
So, we have to go in a phased manner only. We cannot go all of 
a sudden. If it is a small factory like 100-200 machines, we can 
make it in a couple of months or so like that. With a larger 
capacity size, we have to train the people. At the same time, we 
have to meet the customers’ delivery schedule. That’s why 
ramping up happens like that. As you said, 12 to 14 months. 
Once the ramping up is over, then we can think of further 
expansion, and as already said, the uncertainty in the market, 
we have to consider that also before taking a decision for the 
expansion plan. That is the present situation. 
Gnanasundaram S: So, it’s got nothing to do with labor availability or in terms of 
labor attrition? 
P. Nataraj: 
No, that is not an issue at all. 
Gnanasundaram S: Sir, just another bookkeeping question. Can you just give us 
the split between the numbers of yarn and the fabric business as 
well as your sugar business? 
P. L. Murugappan: You want the production or sales? 
Gnanasundaram S: Sales. 
P. L. Murugappan: Yarn sales is about 19,000 tonnes. Fabric sales is about 2,000 
tonnes. 
Gnanasundaram S: And the sugar business, sir? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Sugar business, the sales is about 1 lakh tonne. Ethanol sales is 
about 2,38,00,000 liters. 
Gnanasundaram S: Just another bookkeeping question. This year, our garment 
production is about 133 million pieces and the sales was about 
128 million pieces. Is it purely a timing issue in terms of order 
pickup or have there been cancellations? 
P. L. Murugappan: As MD explained to you, now the shipments are happening on 
the basis of capacity. They wanted us to produce and keep the 
stock ready for shipment. Once they give the shipping schedule, 
we have to ship it. They are keeping the warehouse in our 
factory. As and when required, it is getting exported. So, we are 
keeping about 2 months’ production as the stock. 
Gnanasundaram S: And just one follow-up. Has this changed? Because earlier they 
used to give us a 6-month order book. Now that has come down 
to 3 months. Are there changes in terms of the order book 
schedule? 
P. L. Murugappan: No, the order book is more or less the same, only shipping 
schedule. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from Canara 
Robeco Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: 
Two questions, sir. First is just on the realization per piece. This 
quarter also, it is around Rs. 211. And you did allude to that it’s 
partly a function of say 10% is because of cotton price and 10% 
is because of the printing technology, etc. But the cotton prices 
have corrected. So, what if the realizations come down? How 
should we look at the realization? Can it go back to Rs. 140 or 
Rs. 160 or this Rs. 200 would continue? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Sir, cotton prices earlier used to be about Rs. 35,000 to            
Rs.40,000. Now, it is about Rs. 63,000 to Rs. 64,000, around 
Rs.65,000. Realization-wise, we are not expecting any downturn 
because almost the cotton price is about 50% higher than the 
normal level. We expect it to be the same. The peak cotton 
prices were there in the last year for about 2-3 months only, not 
full year. That does not have an impact on this. 
Akshay: 
So, is it fair to assume that this Rs. 200 should continue going 
forward also? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, we are expecting that it will be more or less at the same 
level. 
Akshay: 
Sir, the second question is on the sugar business. At least 
except UP, there are concerns that the yield and recoveries on 
the lower side in Maharashtra and Karnataka. How do you see 
the FY24 numbers? Can we expect a similar number or there 
will be some hit on the top line and even on the margins if you 
can guide for FY24? 
P. L. Murugappan: FY24, it’s too early to predict because it is more of a monsoon-
based business. We hope that things will be good. Because the 
rain last year was good and sowing was also good, we expect 
that things will be normal this year in North Karnataka. 
Akshay: 
Any color if you can provide from the crushing season that has 
just ended from where if you can give some inference? 
P. L. Murugappan: Current year crushing information you want? 
Akshay: 
Yes, sir, if you can help with that. 
P. L. Murugappan: 26 lakh tonnes we have crushed. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 35 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. 
Please go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Can you give me the volume numbers for yarn and fabric? Can 
you give the revenue numbers in rupees million for yarn and 
fabric? And the split of ethanol and sugar? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yarn quantity is about 19,000 tonnes and fabric is 2,000 tonnes. 
Yarn revenue is about Rs. 500 crores and Rs. 70 crores in 
fabric. Sugar, about 1 lakh tonnes is sales and Rs. 327 crores is 
the revenue. Ethanol is 2,38,00,000 liters and Rs. 155 crores is 
the revenue. 
Shradha: 
What is the sugar inventory we are sitting at as of this quarter? 
P. L. Murugappan: Close to about 1 lakh tonnes. 
Shradha: 
The new sugar ethanol capacity that is expected to be 
commissioned, that will be operational in the next cycle of 
October to January? 
P. L. Murugappan: It is not a new sugar capacity. It is ethanol capacity. It is 
expected to come into operation from next season, i.e., from 
October. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, my first question is on the…. We were expecting some large 
orders to come in after the FTA which we signed with Australia. 
Any comments, any color that you can throw on those? 
P. Nataraj: 
Already we are doing with one customer. After the FTA, now 
order flow has increased. We import raw cotton also from 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 35 
Australia. Generally, for import, duty is there from Australia. The 
import duty is removed because of the FTA. So, import also 
started. We will see the improvement in the future, both the raw 
material import as well as order booking also. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, my second question is on the production numbers which we 
expect to do this year from 133 million to about 147-150 million. 
Given the near-term pressures that we are seeing in the 
consumer market of US and Europe, where is this confidence or 
optimism coming from? What are we seeing or how are we 
getting these orders? 
P. L. Murugappan: We have an order book for about 6 months from now. The next 
order cycle will start sometime in June-July. Inquiries and 
discussions are going on as per the expected levels. We hope 
that the business will do well. 
Pratik Kothari: 
So, the current order book that we have booked for the next 6 
months gives us the confidence that we will do this 150 odd 
million production? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. We also expect that the worst in Europe is more or less 
over. Now they are coming back to normal. We hope that things 
will improve. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Sir, you mentioned that yarn realization is around Rs. 256 per 
kg. At the current cotton rate, the cotton yarn spread is coming 
around INR 80 per kg. Is this a normal level? I thought normal 
level would be something else, around Rs. 110 to Rs. 120 per 
kg of cotton yarn spread. What will be the ideal cotton yarn 
spread for you? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Whatever you said is right. We hope that things will improve 
from the coming quarters. 
Biplab Debbarma: What would be the ideal cotton yarn spread? 
P. L. Murugappan: As you said, it’s about Rs. 110 to Rs. 120 per kilo. 
Biplab Debbarma: Sir, the second question is on the new garment capacity of 42 
million pieces. What will be the capacity utilization? I am just 
trying to understand that if you incrementally get orders, do you 
have enough capacity to fulfill those orders? 
P. L. Murugappan: More or less, the capacity is running full. We hope that the 
production will be achieved in 2-3 months’ time. 
Biplab Debbarma: So, if incrementally in the order book in this June-July cycle you 
see a significant increase, say 10% to 15% increase in orders, 
would you be able to fulfill? Because, if your capacity is running 
almost full capacity, then how do you….? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, we can run it. Capacity is full means full factory is running 
now. Generally, after full capacity is running, capacity utilization 
will increase afterwards only. Since it is a new capacity, slowly it 
will improve production. The labor is also new; the capacity of 
the people will increase slowly over a period of time. Maybe 3 
months to 4 months’ time, we will reach our optimum level. 
Biplab Debbarma: You have 147 million pieces capacity. Can you produce more 
than that in terms of garment? Can you go beyond 147 million 
pieces if….? 
P. L. Murugappan: As the MD said, we have some space or brownfield expansion 
that can be done whenever it is required. We can do some 10 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 35 
million to 20 million additional with a small addition of sewing 
machines and some balancing equipments. 
Biplab Debbarma: So, 10 million to 20 million in brownfield; that is what you are 
mentioning? 10 million to 20 million pieces? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: And the final question is on viscose yarn. You said it is better 
that it is less volatile. In terms of realization and margin, how 
much better than yarn? Are you saying that realization would 
also be better than the normal yarn and margin would be better 
than the normal yarn? Can you give us some color on that? 
P. Nataraj: 
No, it is not better than normal yarn like that. It is like steady 
margins because the value addition is steady and the margins 
also steady. We expect that it will be somewhere around 18% to 
20% margin business because we are testing it based on the 
outcome of this expansion. If everything goes well, we can 
expand this business also, but we have to see how it comes. 
Biplab Debbarma: And what would be the capacity there you will be putting on for 
viscose? I know the amount, but in terms of metric ton, how 
much capacity are you putting in? 
P. Nataraj: 
The present capacity is production of 25 tonnes per day. 
Biplab Debbarma: For viscose, the new capacity expansion, how much you are 
doing? 
P. Nataraj: 
That’s what I said that 25 tonnes per day is the yarn production 
capacity. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Expected capacity around the new facility is about 9,000 tonnes 
per annum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
The first question I had was on the yarn volumes. If I look at…. 
say last 3 quarters, we are doing less than 15,000 volumes or 
thereabout. This quarter, the number was higher. Can you 
explain what is the reason for the jump in Q4 yarn volumes? 
With that, for the next year FY24 with further ramp up in our 
garment production, do we expect that yarn volumes will fall 
further? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, some small quantity will go to captive consumption. The 
balance will be sold outside. We were carrying a little more stock 
during the second quarter and third quarter that was liquidated 
during the fourth quarter. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sir, the high inventory on our balance sheet is just because of 
the high cotton inventories and the 2-month inventory we are 
keeping for the garments? These are the reasons or there is 
anything else? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, there is a reason. Also, some sugar stock is also there. We 
have close to about 1 lakh tonnes of sugar and molasses for the 
off-season; that is also there. It is mainly because of the high 
cotton inventory with a higher price. 
Ahmed Madha: 
In the sugar segment, margins for Q3 and Q4, can you explain 
what is the key accounting reason or any specific reason why 
Q3 margins were so high and Q4 margins are low? And also, 
with that, how much sugar we exported this year? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: We have exported somewhere around 37,000 tonnes. And the 
margin during quarter 3 is higher because of most of the sales – 
export sales as well as the ethanol sales. Sugar sales and other 
sales are very small. This quarter, the sugar sales is very high. 
In sugar sales, generally the margins are a little lower. When the 
turnover is lesser ethanol-based sales is higher means the 
margin will be higher. Blended margin, we are looking at 
somewhere around 22% to 23%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Jain from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sir, firstly, I missed your number with respect to…. What was the 
yarn segment margin that you said you did in 4Q? 
P. L. Murugappan: Fourth quarter is about 10%. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sir, one clarification. While we are not currently committing to 
expanding our garment capacity, but as the need arises, is there 
a possibility that we can possibly operate on a double shift in 
some of the facilities to meet the higher order inflow if at all it 
happens? 
P. L. Murugappan: We feel the single shift capacity operation is doing well. We 
would like to keep it like this. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sir, one last thing. You did mention in one of the participant’s 
call of the current garment capacity at 147 million pieces. Is it 
147 or 157? 
P. L. Murugappan: 10 million capacity is in Ethiopia. We want to move it. We are 
just making an attempt to move the machineries from Ethiopia to 
here. It is in progress. In India, now we have only 147 million 
capacity. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 35 
Vikas Jain: 
When can we expect that 10 million Ethiopia capacity to come 
here? 
P. L. Murugappan: We are also hoping that it will come quickly. We will see. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Malhotra, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Malhotra: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. 1) Why is other expenses and 
depreciation higher on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
P. L. Murugappan: Depreciation is higher because we have increased the capital 
expenditure during last year and this year. That resulted in a 
higher depreciation. In quarter 3, some of the machineries 
completed their useful lives, so it is little less. In Quarter 4 some 
of the machineries came into existence, came into operation, so 
the depreciation increased.  
Raj Malhotra: 
And other expenses?  
P. L. Murugappan: Other expenses more of a power cost because during this 
quarter we do not have any power available from our wind 
sources and all. So, the power cost has increased substantially 
that is there is a higher other expenses.  
Raj Malhotra: 
The second question was, is it fair to assume that the next 
garmenting capacity expansion announcement is at least 6 
months away?  
P. L. Murugappan: As MD explained, we are waiting for the situation to come to 
normal. Then we will decide because we have not yet finalized 
anything. It will be taken at an appropriate time.  

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 35 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Tanna from ithought 
PMS.  
Yash Tanna: 
One question on the UK FTA, once India signs the FTA what 
sort of financial impact do we expect for KPR? Something in 
terms of numbers, we are 60%, we are well penetrated into the 
region. How does this help us in terms of immediate financial 
impact? 
P. L. Murugappan: UK we have a few large customers and a considerable size of 
orders from the UK. Once the agreement FTA is signed we can 
get more orders whereas the duty is removed then definitely we 
get more benefit towards better pricing and the higher orders. 
So, exactly we can't financially quantify it now but definitely there 
will be very good positivity for the KPR business particularly for 
the garment business.  
Yash Tanna: 
And one question on the labor front, you mentioned that there's 
no problem. How do we see scale up if we commission another 
large plant, how do we see ourselves managing maybe twice 
the employee base that we have currently? Are we comfortable 
doing that and how confident are we for that? Similarly, will we 
be open to scale up in other geographies where labor availability 
is maybe higher and it's more accessible? Some of our peers 
are also looking at that. Do we have that thought process or we 
will be sticking to our home-ground?  
P. L. Murugappan: Labor front we have one of the best practices for our employees 
and we have both state local employees as well as migrant 
labors almost more than ten states like Orissa, Jharkhand, UP, 
Bihar. So, various states people are here and we are providing 
an excellent facility and in fact KPR is we can say the best labor 
practices particularly in textiles. We have all kind of facilities, 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 27 of 35 
even higher education, food facilities, free accommodations all 
these things we are providing for our employees. They are quite 
comfortable, and we continue to watch all the situations very 
well even during COVID time also like where migrant labor was 
big issue around the country and all of our employees were in 
our campus even during the lockdown. We provided them salary 
and free food, all these things. The fully satisfied employees 
give better performance, so this is what KPR’s policy. With this 
strength we are confident that we can mobilize the people what 
we require. 
Yash Tanna: 
Yes, we are well aware of KPR’s policies and congratulations to 
you for that. Just one last question on realization. You’ve 
mentioned that the realizations you can maintain the realization 
going forward but with the value addition that we are planning to 
do what is the scope? Given the raw material situation is 
actually cooling out a little bit and we have to be competitive to 
get the market share what sort of a realization improvement do 
we see over the next 3 to 5 years? If you can comment 
something on that.  
P. Nataraj: 
It's more based on the raw material cost, more or less value 
addition side we have done whatever possible and any new 
technology comes, and new things comes we will be doing it. 
We hope that we will maintain the margins. Whatever we are 
getting in the garment business will continue. Whatever 
opportunity comes we will utilize it.  
Yash Tanna: 
So, maybe a 10% value addition is like a good number to 
directionally look at? 
P. Nataraj: 
Yes, 10% definitely possible but we are looking at more of a 
margin what we are getting there.  

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 28 of 35 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Bahety from 
Carnelian Capital.  
Manoj Bahety: 
I just wanted to stress further on the CAPEX part or capacity 
expansion part. Unless we are having some negative view for 3 
to 4 years because the way I am hearing you that in Europe 
things are getting normal and you are also pretty confident on 
your capacity utilization. Just wondering are we running a risk of 
not having capacity when opportunity because the way China 
Plus One is happening, the way things are coming to India and 
the way KPR is positioned even if we put the capacity right now 
and even if we might have to wait for scaling up for 6 months, 8 
months, the cost of having the capacity visa-a-vis not having a 
capacity and missing the opportunity. Not sure that's how you 
are evaluating it. Just wanted to understand the thought process 
of not going ahead when like end of the year we are expecting 
full capacity utilization and the risk of not having capacity is 
clearly visible.  
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, we will take your views and we are having some internal 
discussions in the coming period. We will discuss and we will 
explain whatever you have said. We will try to reach some 
consensus among the team.  
Manoj Bahety: 
Second is the way we are expanding at a single location and I 
fully agree with you, the kind of labor practices, HR practices 
which KPR has, one of the best class in the textile sector, I 
would say maybe in the world. But there will be a point of time 
when there will be a constraint like scaling up and getting the 
labor at a single location. Is there any discussion of having one 
more location where you can again create such a big scale? 
Just wanted to understand is there any thought process or you 
will stick to the single location only?  

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 29 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: What we have, the workers are not coming from locally, they're 
all from various states. So, they're all staying in the campus. 
Wherever the location, the people coming from outstations, it 
doesn't make a big issue. But the same time here in the garment 
it needs personal attention. If it is in and around it's a factory. 
So, that lot of other advantages like operational convenience 
because we have our knitting facilities, processing. Processing 
government allows only in a particular area like SIPCOT and the 
transportation or convenience. All these things are a better 
advantage having in and around the facilities or near to the 
processing, printing, embroidery, all these things are reachable 
around 50-kilometer radius where we have the facilities. This 
makes a lot of cost saving. Based on that only as you said at 
this point, we are also thinking seriously because this many of 
employees we have so every time we are discussing all these 
subjects so finally, we are taking an appropriate decision.  
Manoj Bahety: 
One last question I have. I'm sure putting capacity is an easy 
thing but scaling up may require hiring, labor and all those 
things. Do you think that once you go for a brownfield, right from 
getting the land putting all infrastructure and labor hiring and 
everything, are you sure you will be able to do this entire thing in 
12 to 14 months or it may take bit longer because already we 
are having 30,000 employees.  
P. L. Murugappan: With our experience we can do it. We are confident. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Tholiya from 
Systematix.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
Just working on clarification, you said 1 lakh ton of sugar that we 
sold during the quarter, this also includes the export of 37,000 
tons, right?  

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 30 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, includes.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
So, domestic is 63,000 and export is 37,000.  
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
This 26-lakh ton of cane that you crushed that is for the current 
season or that is for the financial year ending March? 
P. L. Murugappan: Current season. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Can you just help with the realization in the sugar? How much 
was your average realization in the domestic and export market 
during the quarter?  
P. L. Murugappan: It’s a combined realization only, it's about Rs. 32.40 paisa per 
kg.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
In ethanol what was the average realization?  
P. L. Murugappan: Rs. 65.33 paisa. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Ethanol during the quarter is 2.38 kilo liter that you've done that 
is entirely through juice? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes it is, during the season. It's entirely through juice.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
For FY24 what percentage of your production would be via juice 
and what would be your molasses? How much would you be 
planning to do through molasses? 
P. L. Murugappan: It is 50-50. We are planning for about 10 crores liters of ethanol 
for the year. The 5 crores would be from juice and 5 crores 
would be from ethanol.  

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 31 of 35 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Lastly, we are also talking about we are hearing about this El 
Nino and lower monsoon and since Karnataka largely would be 
rainfed. How are you seeing the ground level picture in terms of 
how much canes you expect to crush in the next season and 
what could be your recovery rates for the next season? 
P. L. Murugappan: We are expecting a normal monsoon and normal crushing. Let 
us see because generally this one year before situation only 
prevail in the next season. Last year’s monsoon was good, so 
sowing is very good, so we hope that it will be a normal year. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
For this current sugar season what was the recovery rates for 
you?  
P. L. Murugappan: Since ours is a composite unit you cannot exactly measure the 
recovery. We hope that it will be somewhere around 11%. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
11%, this is after diversion to ethanol or at gross level?  
P. L. Murugappan: It’s at gross level. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Just lastly one request, since now your sugar business is also 
expanding and becoming big and the overall profitability also. 
But I don't see any mention of your sugar at least the volume 
numbers and all you can share on the PPT so that we can save 
time on the calls discussing the numbers and we can have more 
strategic level discussions.  
P. L. Murugappan: Certainly, we will do that. 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Just a request maybe you can have a few slides on the PPT 
with all the volume numbers? 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, we will do it. 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 32 of 35 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from 
Sharekhan by BNP Paribas.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Most of my questions have been answered. Just from the 
margin front so this year overall margins we have seen at 
around 21.4% and in the past, you have guided that if your 
garment business margins are around 25% and sugar business 
margins are close to 25%, your margin trajectory would be 
somewhere about 23% to 24%. So, just on that front where do 
you see your margins going ahead over the next 2 to 3 years? 
P. L. Murugappan: Garment and sugar margins expected to remain the same line 
only and only the spinning margin was little fluctuating. We hope 
that it will settle during this year. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: So, this year overall spinning margins were how much?  
P. L. Murugappan: 17%. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Full year 17% and what is the comfortable level of margins 
historically you have achieved?  
P. L. Murugappan: In spinning business? 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Yes. 
P. L. Murugappan: It will be somewhere around 19% to 20%.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Can we expect that to happen this year considering?  
P. L. Murugappan: Yes, we hope. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: So, this year we should expect margins to recover a bit on a 
year-on-year basis? 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 33 of 35 
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: In terms of revenue growth, you have always guided double 
digit kind of a revenue growth but considering the situation now 
and what 6 months of whatever the scenario what you are 
looking at, do you expect your overall revenue growth would be 
in low double digit or we should expect it to improve? 
P. L. Murugappan: Hopefully in double digit.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from 
Augmenta Research Private Limited.  
Aman Madrecha: Could you throw some light on the arrivals of cotton this season 
because the news we are reading is that the farmers are holding 
the cotton so how has the arrival this season? And could you 
please highlight on how we are getting affected because the 
Indian cotton is trading at a premium with international cotton. 
Could you please highlight both these things? 
P. L. Murugappan: The cotton arrival now up to April we can say that approximately 
200 lakh bales have come compared to last year. Last year by 
this time was around 250 lakh bales. So, 50 lakh bales is behind 
this year and people believe the production will be almost same 
like last year. Maybe the farmers are holding back additionally 
some 50 lakh bales. This is the general market view, and we 
hope that's the reason the price is a little higher level, a little 
above the 60,000-64,000 level. Whenever cotton price breaches 
60 and goes down below 60 immediately farmers are slowing 
down their bringing into the market. Almost like the farmers are 
now controlling the prices so that's what the present situation 
and the world market are both prevailing at the same level 
almost there maybe Rs. 1,000 plus or minus between domestic 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 34 of 35 
cotton and international cotton. Only difference is, in India 
there's 11% import duty is there. That's why it's not viable now to 
go for the import cotton. So, that is a present situation.  
Aman Madrecha: Can we say that there will be no cotton shortage in the country, 
right?  
P. L. Murugappan: Yes. The record shows even the various associations and CAB 
the government like almost recently announced around 330 lakh 
bales is the production, expected production and the 
consumption was a little lower compared to the previous year. 
So, cotton is available. That is what the government report as 
well as the various associations also says. 
Aman Madrecha: Could you highlight how the spinning industry is operating in the 
country? Are the spinning mills operating at almost optimal 
capacity utilization or they are still operating below the optimal 
capacity utilization? 
P. L. Murugappan: Even till now operating at below the standard level because in 
the last 6 months the cotton price of course touched 1 lakh and 
slowly it was falling down whereas cotton yarn price also falling 
down but the yarn demand was little slow in the past 4-5 
months. Because of that mills also slowed down their 
production. I hope this is still may be like around say 10% to 
15% lower than the normal level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
P. Nataraj: 
Thank you. KPR is well equipped with the high-tech integrated 
facilities, enthused workforce, progressive business model and 
empowered by strong performance track record, loyal customer 
base and drive for enhancing value for all stakeholders will keep 

 
K.P.R. Mill Limited 
May 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 35 of 35 
its growth in line with the expected level. So, with this we thank 
you all once again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines.   
 
