 
 
 
Date:17th February  2023 
The Secretary 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
“P.J. Towers” 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500730 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: NOCIL 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings  Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 , the transcript of Company’s Earnings call held on 11th February ,2023 regarding discussion on 
the Operational and financial performance  of the Company for the quarter  and nine months ended 31st 
December, 2022 is enclosed herewith. 
This 
intimation 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
viz., 
https://www.nocil.com/detail/investors/investor-presentation/69  
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For NOCIL Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit K. Vyas 
Assistant Vice President (Legal)  
& Company Secretary  
 
 
AMIT 
KUNDAN 
VYAS
Digitally signed 
by AMIT KUNDAN 
VYAS 
Date: 2023.02.17 
14:39:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
  
“NOCIL Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 11, 2023 
  
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th February 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. R. DEO – MANAGING DIRECTOR – NOCIL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR – NOCIL 
LIMITED 
MR. P. SRINIVASAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NOCIL LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NOCIL Limited Q3 and 9 months FY 2023 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. S. R. Deo, Managing Director of NOCIL Limited. Thank you. And over 
to you, Mr. Deo. 
S.R. Deo: 
Thank you. Good morning, and very warm welcome to everybody present on the call. Along 
with me here, I have Mr. Anand, our Deputy Managing Director; Mr. P. Srinivasan, our CFO; 
and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Hope you all have received our Investor Presentation 
by now. For those who have not, you can view them on the stock exchange and company 
website. I hope you and your loved ones are safe and doing well.  
We will begin with the business updates for Q3 FY '23. Our operating revenue was INR 326 
crores for the quarter. As indicated during previous calls, the business experienced price 
pressures during Q3 along with volume degrowth. There is a decreasing volume in the domestic 
market. Our export volume remained flat despite global recessionary trends. During the quarter, 
our customers offtake decreased owing to the inventory accumulation at their end. However, 
based on 9-month performance, our domestic volume remained strong. We see that both 
domestic and export volume will grow in Q4 FY '23.  
The Plus 1 strategy continues to be an important differentiator for NOCIL, when our customers 
look for security of supply chain from a medium to long-term timeframe. With strong appetite 
for growth, supported by robust R&D and spare manufacturing capacities, we can address our 
customers' needs to secure the supply chain. Based on the discussions with customers, we are 
quite confident that in the coming years, our export business will improve significantly from the 
current levels.  
Now coming to the debottlenecking projects. Our debottlenecking initiatives for some of our 
key products is on track and will be completed during FY '24. The global economic scenario 
continues to be volatile, thereby impacting the ramp-up of existing capacity to optimal levels. 
Similarly, on the new capex front, we continue to evaluate the global economic scenario and at 
an appropriate time, we will take a final call on the capex. Now, I request our Deputy Managing 
Director, Mr. Anand, to provide an update on the industry outlook and our tyre customer end. 
Anand: 
Thank you, Mr. Deo. A very good morning to you all. To start with, let me give you an overview 
of the industry. Our rubber applications, as most of you would know, is broadly classified into 
applications for tyre and non-tyre applications, with tyre applications taking the lion's share in 
most markets, including India. The non-tyre applications would include rubber applications for 
auto components, belts and hoses, cycle tyres and tubes, footwear, etcetera.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
First, let me speak about the domestic market. NOCIL for many years continues to have a 
dominant position in both the tyre and non-tyre segments in India. The Indian tyre industry, by 
and large, has about 30% of sales going to OEMs and around 70% for the replacement market. 
In the last couple of quarters, while the OEM segment has been doing well, the replacement 
market has not shown a similar robustness leading to a mixed volume development at tyre 
majors, with a few showing growths in volumes and a few degrowth on quarterly basis year-on-
year. There has also been some lowering of inventory levels at the domestic level. A combination 
of lower inventory levels and lower demand for replacement tyres has led to lower demand for 
rubber chemicals, thereby showing a negative volume development for the quarter on a 
sequential basis, but still positive growth on a YTD basis versus the previous year. As we work 
with our key customers on innovation, sustainability, and localization, we continue to secure our 
market share and are positive about increasing volumes in Q4 FY '23.  
As far as international markets are concerned, as mentioned in the last quarter, we were 
witnessing destocking or lower stock levels in anticipation of a slowdown or the prevailing 
recessionary trends. This has led to some of our customers ordering less than before. The tyre 
market in Asia has shown better resilience compared to Europe or the Americas.  
With the China Plus 1 strategy gaining further traction and to a certain extent, on account of the 
euro energy situation, NOCIL is in a good position to increase volumes in the export market. 
Our export volumes in Q3 have been at similar levels as Q2 in spite of the unfavourable market 
environment. We are approved at most of the key tyre plants with global customers. And as we 
speak, we continue to gain approval at more plants. We are positive of increasing our volumes 
in the coming quarters.  
That is it from my side for now. I will hand over to Mr. P. Srinivasan: to give you an update on 
the financial performance. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mr. Deo, Mr. Anand. Hope all of you are safe and in good 
health. Now let me run through the financial highlights, some key parameters. The sales volume 
for Q3 FY '23 is 108 on index basis, taking base of Q1 FY '20 of 100. On a sequential quarterly 
basis, the volume registered a degrowth of 7.5%. As indicated earlier, domestic market impacted 
the sales volume on a sequential quarter basis. 
On the revenue parameters, net revenues for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 326 crores as compared to 
INR 389 crores in Q3 FY '22. Net revenue from operations for the 9 months April to December 
2022 stood at INR 1,224 crores as compared to INR 1,109 crores in corresponding quarter of 
FY '22.  
Coming to operating EBITDA parameters. Operating EBITDA for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 37 
crores as against INR 50 crores in Q3 FY '22. Operating EBITDA for 9 months FY '23 stood at 
INR 200 crores as against INR 172 crores in 9 months FY '22. EBITDA margin for Q3 FY '23 
stood at 11.2%, a drop of 160 basis points as compared to 12.8% in Q3 FY '22.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Coming to profit before tax. PBT for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 25 crores as compared to INR 40 
crores in Q3 FY '22. PBT for 9 months December '22 stood at INR 162 crores as compared to 
INR 144 crores in 9 months December '21.  
On profit after tax parameters, the PAT for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 19 crores as compared to 
INR 30 crores in Q3 FY '22. For 9 months December '22, it stood at INR 120 crores PAT as 
compared to INR 107 crores for the corresponding period 9 months of previous year. 
With this, we would like to open the floor for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Damodaran from Acuitas Capital. 
Damodaran: 
Yes. So the first question is, I mean, if I look at your PPT, you have mentioned that the rubber 
industry was essentially flat for calendar year '22. Whereas if I look at our volumes, they were 
sort of down 7%. And while the split is not available, but I'm presuming most of this decline is 
attributable to exports. So it seems we have lost market share, and this is sort of counterintuitive 
to the China Plus 1 narrative that we've been hearing. So especially given the challenges that 
China has faced in the last one year, I mean, with COVID and everything. 
So just wanted to get your thoughts on that. I mean, how do you reconcile this? And a related 
question is, I mean, on the guidance front, can you give any guidance about growth relative to 
the industry's growth? I mean, if industry is growing at X percent, what typically do you 
internally look at to grow? I mean, is it X plus 2% or any such guidance that you can give? That's 
it. Yes, those two questions from my side. 
Anand: 
Yes. So, let me first speak about the export markets and your comment about market share. So 
like we said already, when we look at the export markets, clearly, our volumes are more in 
relation to also where customer demand has gone down. We don't see an indication of loss of 
any market share in the export markets. Clearly, there's been destocking in the marketplace. And 
overall, there is a sentiment of lower demand expected in the coming quarters. But that's the kind 
of sentiment that's played out, but not any loss in market share in the export markets.  
Another observation is that we are also present in the latex market, and that is a part of Southeast 
Asia and Malaysia, where there has been a significant drop in the rubber gloves market. And 
having presence in that market, that's also reflected in the export numbers. So if you really look 
at it, it's a combination of tyre destocking as well as the latex market taking a nosedive since the 
COVID abated. Your second -- your other part of the question, can you just repeat that, Mr. 
Damodaran? 
Damodaran: 
Yes, sir. Sure. So with respect to any guidance you can give with respect to your growth relative 
to the industry's growth, how do you look at that? I mean, if industry were to grow at X, how 
would you look at your growth? I mean, should it be X plus 2% or X plus 5% or any such 
guidance that you can give? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Anand: 
Yes. So like we have stated in the past, again, it's a correlation to our market share in the market. 
So if you look at the domestic market, where we have a dominant share, we look to grow above 
market growth rates at least a couple of percentage points. Whereas international markets, I think 
that would not be the metric. We would look to grow significantly, like you said, X, but difficult 
to put a number to it because we have a low market share in the export market. 
Damodaran: 
Sure. Sure. Okay. And just one last question from my side. If you can give out, I mean, what 
was the growth in export and domestic volumes over nine months? 
Anand: 
So, I think if you look at the growth in the domestic market, we have 7% to 8% growth year-to-
date, I mean the domestic market. The export markets, we have not seen growth. So, that's why 
we say -- YTD, there is no growth. It's only from a quarter-to-quarter that we see it's flat. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Just to add a bit, this is Srinivasan here. In export market, as Mr. Anand just referred to, the latex 
market degrowing. If you see the latex market rubber consumption growth parameters, it's 
degrown by 25%. So, that is impacting the latex product. So therefore, our export has a latex 
share, and that share has significantly come down. That's where we have lost lots of business as 
compared to other traditional rubber chemicals market. 
Anand: 
So I think, again, to clarify, that's more a market degrowth that's kind of playing out. Yes. 
Damodaran: 
Sure. And any specific number that you can give? I mean, how much does latex account for in 
your overall exports? 
Anand: 
25%, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is in terms of the tyre capacities which are getting added in the Indian context. 
So, I believe in the next two years, three years, there will be significant capacity addition which 
is happening. How are we placed in terms of product validations? Because I understand that 
we've been telling there are four different parameters in terms of product validation and that puts 
us  competition at bay. So where are we for those newer tyre capacities in terms of our product 
qualifications or validations? Thank you. 
Anand: 
So as far as the domestic markets are concerned, again, qualifications and this is also applicable 
for export markets. Where it's an expansion in an existing plant, there is  no new qualification 
process. I think it's only when it's a new plant, where you really have a qualification process. 
But typically, like we have mentioned, which we are already present with the rubber plants, then 
this process is kind of fast tracked. So it's much lesser. It's not the usual six months to one year, 
but it's kind of well-timed with, as and when those capacities are coming on stream. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Sir, second question is, Srini sir, if you can give the absolute number of exports during 
first nine months in terms of revenues and a similar number for last year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Anand: 
Yes. Just a second, please. He is just getting it. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sure. 
P. Srinivasan: 
The absolute number last year for nine months is about INR 400 crores exports. This year, we 
are at INR 350 crores. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it, sir. Sir, one more question. In terms of sequentially, the costs have come down. 
So, this is primarily because of the variable cost regarding our volumes, the opex? 
P. Srinivasan: 
It's a combination of some volume level of operations, as well as some price improvements in 
certain key raw materials. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, I think in your presentation, you have mentioned that you expect volumes in Q4 to improve 
sequentially. So are we expecting that to reach Q2 level or surpass that level? Any quantification 
around that? 
Anand: 
So, that would be -- we do see an improvement over quarter three, but difficult to put a finger to 
say whether it will be a Q2 or better. Yes. So, obviously, I think, definitely, there is an 
improvement that's expected there.  
P. Srinivasan: 
I think if you are looking at 117, maybe we are nearing that or better than that. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Got it. Second question, sir, if you can comment on the realization side. I mean, you 
mentioned that it has been coming down. So how do you see this from here? And on the value 
addition part, do we expect that to reach 49%, 50% as we were targeting in couple of quarters, 
or do you think that's slightly far away? 
P. Srinivasan: 
To answer this question, I think we have been trying to understand the price regime. So what we 
are looking is at the absolute value addition per kg or EBITDA per kg is what we are focusing 
on rather than getting into the percentage business, because ultimately, the base level, which we 
are comparing on a particular period, A and particular period B, the base level may change. So 
therefore, you have to look at an absolute EBITDA per kg is what we are focusing on. 
What we have been giving guidance that always look at an average performance for a year rather 
than getting into quarterly performances. So by and large, we see for FY '23, the full year, around 
the same level for FY '22 average, just around that level adjusted for volumes. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And FY '24, do we expect to remain at FY '23 level or how do you look at it? 
Anand: 
Yes. So, again, given the environment on how the prices have operated, I think we've kind of 
seen a good position in quarter one of this year and quarter four of the previous year. So difficult 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
to put, but at least we would imagine that it should be at a stable level going into the next year 
at this point in time. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And sir, any take on the value addition part? 
P. Srinivasan: 
I think we actually answered the question that we are focusing on more EBITDA per kg getting 
into specific value addition because, ultimately, we have to look at the total cost of operations 
rather than getting into segment wise. So, we prefer to look at EBITDA per kg as a driving point. 
Anand: 
At the same time, we expect volumes to be better. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta: from Deep Financial. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Yes. My question was more pertaining to the realization that you guided last quarter that you are 
seeing pressure and it's visible in the Q3 numbers. I just wanted to get some sense how is this 
scenario panning out with the whole China opening that we are hearing? What kind of a 
realization pressure or the dumping stress that you're anticipating? Is it playing out? It's better 
than what you thought or some color on that? 
Anand: 
Yes. So when we look at this situation with China opening up, we do see the trading margins to 
be at similar levels. And also, I think there are lot of other variables playing out in terms of 
demand increase in the downstream industries for some of the chemicals, raw materials. So it's 
a pretty dynamic situation, but our expectation is at least the trade margins will hold here. 
Ravi Mehta: 
And probably, the mix because of the latex market degrowing, that is impacting our realizations 
more in this quarter vis-a-vis a normal price pressure in the overall rubber market. Is that a fair 
understanding? 
Anand: 
Yes. So the latex market is not the major contributor. It's overall price development that's moved 
downwards here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, any understanding on the new products, which are currently under development. So, we've 
been saying on this in the last couple of years. Any progress on that front and visibility in terms 
of when those products can be commercialized? 
Anand: 
Yes. So the new products, we are talking about are some localization products, which are already 
at approval stages at most of our customers. We expect business to begin sometime in quarter 
one of the coming financial year quarters one, quarter two of the next financial year. While there 
is more work in the pipeline, but still in the testing phase, Mr. Nagraj. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And these would be apart from the auto segment, I mean, the catering segment would be different 
than autos, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Anand: 
See, largely, we still have critical volumes from the tyre. It will be largely in the tyre applications, 
which can then always be cross-pollinated into other rubber applications. 
Ravi Mehta: 
Right. Right. Got it. And the recent volume in terms of the inventory destocking that we have 
experienced in the global market, so is it also a function of Chinese volumes being higher in the 
previous period and those now have been, the destocking is because of that sense? Or probably 
because of the supply chain issues due to war kind of situation, the tyre companies had stocked 
up significantly. 
Anand: 
No. So we were talking about destocking in the international markets, and that was more on 
account of the overall sentiment of the recession. And that's what actually played also with the 
customer. So when you speak to them, they do tell you that they want to keep inventories low, 
foreseeing lesser demand. But I expect that, that's kind of flattening out now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandragupta Acharya, an Individual Investor. 
Chandragupta Acharya: 
Sir, I just have one question about the export market specifically and all this talk about China 
Plus 1 that has been going on almost for a couple of years now. So can you share some 
information on how many new customers or new plant locations we would have added in the 
last couple of years as a result of this shift to India China Plus 1 phenomena? Anything you can 
share? 
Anand: 
Yes. Okay. Your voice broke a bit but let me try and respond in case I've not, please do kind of 
repeat your question in case I've not answered. Let me try. So basically, like we mentioned, as 
far as global customers are concerned, we are actually present with most of the customers, and 
we have approvals with most of the customers. It's about expanding from one plant to another. 
And what we have seen is there is traction that's gaining traction about the intent on this China 
Plus 1, on the back of China Plus 1 to approvals at more plants. And that means that gives us the 
opportunity to start selling into those plants from one gate to another. So that's what is happening. 
So it's not necessarily, so since we're already present with most of the tyre companies, it's not 
that we are adding a new tyre company in the last few months. We are present with them. It's 
about now expanding into more number of plants. That's how it's working. Yes. 
Chandragupta Acharya: 
Okay. But, I mean, is the number substantial? Or can you put some number or at least 
qualitatively, you can share, is it very high or very lower, something of that kind? And how do 
we know, I mean you mentioned that right now, there is a slowdown of demand in the European 
market and all. But assuming that the situation improves, then what gives you the confidence 
that our volumes will also improve correspondingly. So, I'm looking for something from that 
point of view actually. 
Anand: 
So, we expect that with NOCIL's position, the increase in volumes will come from replacing 
current business of competition. So, that's potentially something that we expect. And while I am 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
not able to give you a specific figure to this, but clearly, we are talking about large companies 
which are out in the international market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Iinder Ji Morya from Anvil Research. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Sir, I have two questions to ask. So, one is on the conversion cost. So when we analyse the 
volumes and convert it into per kg basis, I think, on a sequential basis, we are on the similar 
levels to what we were in Q2. So if you can just help us, explain like in between the conversion 
costs, do we see some sort of benefits coming towards us predominantly in terms of, let's say, 
freight costs or power costs? 
And from NOCIL's point of view, how do we see our conversion cost going forward? So one is 
the operating leverage benefit, which will come definitely when our volumes would improve. 
But from, internally, what we may be working on to reduce our conversion cost, if you can walk 
us through, that would be helpful, sir. 
P. Srinivasan: 
Gentleman, if you see the other expenses of the financials, which we just published yesterday, 
released yesterday, there is a reduction of INR 10 crores thereabout in absolute terms. From Q2 
INR 100 crores, it has come down to something like INR 91 crores. It consists of utilities and 
other fixed costs. Obviously, utilities, we will make an effort to improve further or optimize 
definitely as we go along. And as we improve the volumes, operating rates, definitely, some 
optimism, if it is definitely in the offering. I think generally, it goes with the inflationary trends. 
So once the volume increases significantly, I think those fixed costs despite being inflationary 
pressures within, but I think the optimization benefit definitely, you can get something out of it. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Correct. But sir, when we see our power costs, so last year, predominantly the cost increases 
were significant when we compare the FY '21. And in the nine months also, those power costs 
were elevated. But have you seen some signs of improvement in Q3 where our per kg cost for 
power despite of lower volumes have seen some sort of improvement? 
P. Srinivasan: 
The power rates have not seen any change. It is still flattish or marginal movement here and 
there. We are not seeing any breathing. What we are looking at is whether we can improve on 
efficiency as we ramp up the capacities. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Correct. Sir, second question is on what Mr. Anand alluded in the previous remarks that we have 
been working on some new products where the volumes or some initial volumes would be start 
coming to us from Q1 and Q2 of FY '24. So if you can just help us, explain that what could be 
the opportunity size for those sorts of volumes in India? And is there a market for the export also 
for those new products, which we are currently working on? And are those products having more 
realization than our existing basket of products? So if you can just help us. 
Anand: 
The products actually has scope, both in the domestic and in the international markets. They are 
part of our accelerator product line. And accelerators per se are much lower volumes in terms of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
consumption in the rubber compounding. So, we don't expect any significant jump in volumes, 
but the opportunity is there, both in the domestic and international markets. I would say from a 
margin point of view, similar to our existing portfolio. Yes. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Correct. But let's say, out of our total rubber chemical size of, let's say, 11 lakh tons globally, 
how much this -- so let's say, 35%, 40% would be accelerators, if I'm right. So out of those 
accelerator basket of products, how much this would be? So could it be to an extent of 15,000 
tons, 20,000 tons of volumes globally for these products, which we are currently under working 
stage? 
Anand: 
Yes. It will be lesser than that. These are more niche accelerators. It would be much smaller. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, last question is on you touched upon on the export side also. So on your opening 
remarks, we mentioned that we expect a significant improvement in our export volumes. So if 
you can just slightly elaborate more like where we are currently? So those approvals which 
needed from all the tyre customers globally and from various plants of those tyre companies 
globally, have we gone through for most of our validations from the customers? Or we still have 
to receive some of the approvals before, which, those volumes should start seeing the 
improvement once the destocking and everything is over. 
Anand: 
Yes. So it's not kind of start-stop kind of situation. It's all at different stages. So, we have already 
approved in the last four months to six months in additional number of plants. There are quite a 
few already in advanced stages. Some of them are in close to completion again. So it's all at 
different stages. And again, from customer to customer, depending on the number of plants and 
where they would like us to be present. That's where we are playing. So, I would say it's on a 
fast track but at different stages. Yes. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Correct. And sir, just a last bit of understanding on the export volumes. So let's say, whenever 
we will exhaust our full volumes from now to whatever the timeline, which it could happen, 
what would be the mix of those export volumes? Let's say, if we are here to improve our volumes 
by, let's say, 30,000 tons, 40,000 tons hypothetically. So what could be the mix of those domestic 
volumes as well as the export volumes in terms of incremental volumes, which will be coming 
to NOCIL? 
Anand: 
Yes. So when you look at incremental volumes, we do see that a major share will be coming in 
from the exports, like we had mentioned in the earlier address.  
P. Srinivasan: 
Overall, we will be looking at exports 40% on the peak capacity levels of our overall revenue 
parameters. So the overall business. 
Iinder Ji Morya: 
Okay. So, this you are talking on volume side, correct? 
P. Srinivasan: 
Yes, volume and value. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOCIL Limited 
 
 
February 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Anand: 
40%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. Sir, in terms of RM imports currently, how much is the percentage? And which and all are 
the key products that we import? Sorry, raw materials, not products. Sorry. 
S.R. Deo: 
So, Rohit, I think we are changing our strategy in terms of raw material procurement. I will not 
be able to give you a percentage, but I think the objective is to shift more in terms of local 
purchasing. And I would say we have very successfully done it in key raw materials. And the 
endeavour will be to develop more and more local suppliers. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right, right. Actually, Deo sir, I was going to come on that itself that whether the suppliers are 
actually going in for those import substitute products in terms of raising their volumes. So, we 
can be catered from the domestic market instead of relying on the imports incrementally. So, 
this is a good sign. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chandragupta Acharya, an Individual Investor. 
Chandragupta Acharya: 
Yes. One question. Can you share what is the cash position now as of 31st December? And given 
that we have no more major capex in the offing, is there any plan to increase the cash pay-out, 
sir?  
P. Srinivasan: 
Gentlemen, we can give as of 30th September. The cash is about maybe INR 150 crores. 
Chandragupta Acharya: 
That is 30th September, not December, right? 
P. Srinivasan: 
December, we are not allowed to publish. So, we have given as of September, which is at INR 
150 crores. 
Chandragupta Acharya: 
Okay. Okay. And any plan to increase the pay out? What is the future plan for utilization? 
P. Srinivasan: 
We are working on that. Some evaluation plans are being worked out. At a suitable time 
whenever we finalize, we'll get back to you on the capex front. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deo for 
closing comments. 
S.R. Deo: 
Thank you. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been 
able to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with me or 
Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisor. Request all of you to be safe under 
given circumstances. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NOCIL Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
