 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
Registered Office:  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070 
 
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400 
 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip code: 535755 & 961915 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Symbol: ABFRL  
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Ref.:  1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;  
 2. ISIN: INE647O01011 & INE647O13016  
  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of Earnings Call held on May 8, 2023 is annexed 
herewith. 
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the website 
of the Company i.e. www.abfrl.com.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
Anil Malik 
President, Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANIL KUMAR 
MALIK
Digitally signed by ANIL 
KUMAR MALIK 
Date: 2023.05.10 
19:50:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
Conference Call” 
May 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen. Good day, and welcome to the conference call of Aditya Birla Fashion 
and Retail Limited. The call will begin with a brief discussion by the company's management 
on the recent corporate actions followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note that the 
company is still in its shut period, so I request you to please restrict your questions to the 
subject action-only. 
We have with us today; Mr. Ashish Dikshit, Managing Director; and Mr. Jagdish Bajaj, CFO. I 
want to thank the management team on top of all the participants for taking the valuable time 
today with us. I must remind you that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking 
statements and maybe viewed, therefore in conjunction with the risks of the company faces.  
Please restrict your questions to the transaction and to strategic questions-only. Housekeeping 
questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phones. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
With this, I hand the conference over to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to the conference call. It gives me immense pleasure 
to share an important update. As you are already aware, this Friday 5th of May 2023, the 
Board of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited approved the company to acquire 51% stake 
in TCNS Clothing Company Limited through combination of share purchase agreement with 
counter promoters and a conditional public open offer. This will be at a price of INR503 per 
share of TCNS.  
Subsequently, it also proposed that TCNS will be merged with ABFRL through a scheme of 
amalgamation post receipt of necessary approvals. The company will pay INR1,650 crores for 
acquisition of 51% stake under the SPA and public open offer, pursuant to the above, TCNS 
will be amalgamated with ABFRL under the merger scheme bearing shareholders of TCNS. 
As on effective date, we'll receive 11 shares of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited for 
every 6 shares they held -they hold in TCNS. The above transactions will be one of the largest 
deals in the Indian fashion space. 
Way back in 2018, we had explicitly stated our growth strategy for the coming years to be 
built around ethnic wear, the largest segment in the Indian fashion space. Over these years, the 
company has made several organic and inorganic moves with an objective to build 
comprehensive portfolio of brands in this key segment. This deal will allow us to expand our 
existing ethnic wear portfolio into the largest subsegment, which is premium women's ethnic 
wear segment, where the branded part of the segment is expected to grow at high double-digit 
for years to come. TCNS, reputable and popular brands have already cemented a solid 
foundation in this category, which we aim to leverage and enhance to strengthen our position. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Most of you must be aware but let me still give you a brief about TCNS. TCNS is India's 
leading women's branded apparel company that owns amongst the most popular women's 
ethnic wear brand such as W, Aurelia, Wishful, Folksong and Elleven. The company designs 
sources, markets, and retails a wide portfolio of women's branded apparels and accessories. As 
of December 2022, it sold its products through 650-plus exclusive brand outlets, 2,500 large 
format stores and 1,100-plus multi-brand outlets located in 29 states and 2 union territories in 
India. It also sells its products in Nepal, Mauritius, and Sri Lanka through exclusive branded 
outlets. Its products are available in India and select countries through the brand websites and 
other e-com platforms. 
The company, as all of you are aware, reported a top line of INR933 crores and a profit after 
tax of INR10.6 crores for the 9-month period ended December 2022. The company has 
demonstrated consistent growth in revenues, high gross margin, and EBITDA over the years, 
running an asset-light and self-funding proposed model. Prior to COVID, the company 
maintained a strong double-digit EBITDA margin and generated positive cash flow, reflecting 
intensive strength of its brand and robust financial metrics. The business is also led by a very 
high-quality team, which dedicated itself towards building these brands for more than 15 years. 
Why we are doing this? India is going through an unprecedented consumption boom, driven by 
a growing population, and increasing purchasing power. In particular, discretionary spending 
has been on the rise as consumers seek to elevate their lifestyles and express their 
individuality. Of all the discretionary consumption categories, apparel is one of the largest and 
fastest-growing segments. The organized apparel market is expected to reach USD 70 billion 
plus by 2028, growing at a CAGR of 15% plus. 
The company is well poised to leverage this consumer trend and build large businesses around 
significant and meaningful categories with a brand-led strategy. We have been very clear in 
our thinking that we would want to operate in all large segments of fashion and lifestyle 
business. 
Over the last 25 plus years, the company has successfully demonstrated its stability in building 
brands, as shown by the notable success stories of Louis Philippe, Van Heusen, Allen Solly, 
Peter England and The Collective. In last 10 years, we have successfully demonstrated our 
ability to take over large businesses and turn them around as seen in Pantaloons. The 5 brands 
that we will inherit as part of the acquisition are going to play pivotal role in building our 
ethnic women's wear portfolio, where the strength of these brands, combined with our brand 
building capabilities and operating strength will help in creating tremendous value. 
As we look ahead with this acquisition, our ethnic wear portfolio will now be complete. Going 
forward, our focus will be on scaling up existing portfolio of brands into large profitable 
businesses. This acquisition will be funded by incremental date and internal accruals. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
In conclusion, I strongly believe that this acquisition will be an important milestone in the 
evolution of the company into fashion and lifestyle powerhouse of brands. As we move 
forward in our growth journey, including successful completion of this transaction, we are 
confident of receiving support from all stakeholders, the teams, the partners, and the 
shareholders. Thanks a lot, and we are happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I have a few questions. Just first question, trying to understand the mindset behind this 
acquisition. So -- so far, in the last 3, 4 years, the acquisition that we have done have mainly 
been in areas where there has been some product expertise requirement, whether it was 
occasion wear in Sabyasachi or Tarun Tahiliani, even Reebok and probably even tomorrow 
where there is a particular requirement. 
So just trying to understand from that point, what is it that you see here in terms of whether it 
is product capability reach brand or really ability to get quick a large size that is a key factor 
that has driven this acquisition? And just related question here is if you could just share your 
thoughts on the basically daily wear, women ethnic wear where TCNS is -- what is the 
characteristics of this market? Is it very price competitive? And is that the reason why TCNS 
has suffered in the recent past, they've had very high margins, but growth has been a challenge. 
So just if you could share some thoughts on the market. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Ali, let me begin by first talking about the strategic ratio that you've asked. Around 5 years 
back, and we have been consistently emphasizing that every year and every call, that as a 
company after having built businesses and largely rescue their market for about 25 years, in 
2018, we decided that the company's portfolio would be incomplete if we do not have a 
significant presence and a leading presence in one of the largest segments of the market. 
Indian ethnic wear constitutes nearly 30% of overall apparel industry, and we have 0 presence 
in FY '18, but for the product which is sold inside Pantaloons. In our strategy stated around 
that time and almost 5 years back, we mentioned that this is a market that we have laid out and 
crafted a segmental approach to all segments of the market which is luxury end, super 
premium end, premium end, and the value end of the market.  
We stated it and called it out in our presentation, which was made to public in FY '21 once 
again, where we called out each of these segments, our approach to how we will build in each 
one of them and over the last 4, 5 years have been systematically and carefully crafting that. In 
the luxury end, we solved the best approach would be to partner with some of the most 
successful luxury designers in super premium, and we took some of them and launched prêt 
lines line, like an S&N, or operating with House of Masaba. 
At the premium end, we are following an approach which is both organic and inorganic. In the 
men's wear side, we decided to launch organic because that is the way the market was laid out. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
It is early stage. Only 10% of overall market is men's ethnic wear and that's why we launched 
Tasva. And you're aware of last 12 months, 15 months, the success of that grand early days 
that we've launched about 50-odd stores. 
The largest part of this market is the women's premium ethnic wear market. And if you look at 
the characteristics of this market, it's very crowded at the bottom end where a lot of unbranded, 
undifferentiated products fell at lower price points. At the higher end premium of the market, 
there are only very few players, which have been able build skill, and TCNS is unique in that 
sense in the premium segment of the market. 
Our approach to brand building has been very long term with all other brands, which is why 
we have been able to nurture and grow businesses over 25, 30 years. We looked at the TCNS 
platform, we believed that there are -- they're exceptional in being able to build and grow the 
business over more than a decade, deliver the kind of financial performance, which is rare and 
exceptional, do it in a cost-efficient manner by raising very little capital in a capital-light asset 
model, exactly the way we have built businesses around Madura. 
We see the synergies and our ability to take this business even further. And that's really why 
we looked at it. We would have loved to build it organically also; it could have taken us a 
decade or a part of that. It's the single largest segment of the market. And then the opportunity 
like comes -- like this comes, it's once in -- once in a very long while that you get an 
opportunity for a market leader which becomes available. And that's really how we looked at it 
Ali. 
We have detailed it out in our strategy segment, and this is an opportunity when it presented 
ourselves. We feel that it has all the right elements, a very strong brand portfolio, a very well-
built distribution network. Our portfolio, which consists of sub premium to super premium 
segment, management team, which has been stable and exceptional in execution. 
Now all brands and businesses go through a little bit of challenge at different points of time so 
was the case -- in this case, where post-COVID, ethnic wear segment across industry has 
suffered and it's been taking a little while longer to come back and that doesn't deter us. We 
think good with strength of the brand, history of the business, the quality of management is 
perfect opportunity for us to take to next level, and that's been our thinking in this segment. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is really useful and very detailed. Any quick thoughts on how do you think TCNS 
recovery can be played out? I mean do you think that they are too premium in terms of pricing 
or anything else that you think would help them drive that improvement in profitability. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Ali, you've heard our view on this over a long period of time. I think as a country, Indian 
consumers are constantly looking for superior and better product. Differentiation and 
premiumization has been the most consistent theme for us for 25 years for all our brands that 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
we've built. It doesn't mean the consumers will pay high price without the differentiation. So 
product quality, design differentiation, these are elements for which consumers pay a premium. 
TCNS portfolio is one of the few, which has been able to command it over a long period of 
time. I think that's the same thing that will be the focus of management. Of course, for us, a lot 
of -- to that extent, therefore, I don't believe just price itself is either a problem or an answer to 
something. It needs to come as an overall package of brand experience, product differentiation, 
design element, the quality of it combined with the pricing. But premiumization has been a 
route and it's the one thing that this company has done over a long period of time. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is a very useful. Just last quick question on the valuation. Can you share the 
justification of the differential valuation for the cash as well as the swap ratio, which comes 
out to be somewhere nearly about 25% lower for the swap versus the cash component? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Probably, I don't think -- I think that's the wrong way to look at it. There are 2 ways. There is a 
cash component that has come through the negotiations and through the rules that are 
applicable for the open offer. There is a merger ratio, which has been decided by looking at the 
fair value of 2 companies by independent valuers. The merger ratio, as you know, the 
independent valuers would look at long-term potential of each of the businesses, relative value 
creation, the fund flows that each of the businesses are projected to create over a long period of 
time. 
It also includes market price, but market price is just one of them. I think your question 
assumes that all of that is built into the market price, which you know is obviously, current 
market price reflects the current situation that the valuation is a more long-term projection. 
And that's how the value has done. It has been done dependently using multiple method and 
both the parties believe that it's a fair thing. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
And multiple have given opinions on this, both in fairness as well as arriving at the value. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Garima from Kotak. 
Garima: 
My first question is to Ashish. Now if I read the press release, you have mentioned that your 
FY 2026 target for revenues from ethnic wear segment is somewhere around INR50 billion, 
right? Now if I do the math, maybe TCNS can be 15. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Garima, can I just come in and correct you? We -- on that is FY '27 number. So I think 
somehow in the press release, it's come out 3 years looking like '26, our intent was '27, but still 
go ahead with the question. 
Garima: 
All right. So even if it is an FY 2027 number, could you help us understand if after TCNS, 
your current portfolio, which includes Tasva, the designer brands, etcetera, plus TCNS now, is 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
this portfolio enough to really drive you to the INR50 billion target that you now set for 
yourself for FY '27? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Absolutely. I think if you look at the various elements of this portfolio, Garima, the 2 large 
pieces in fact -- I would call out the 3 large pieces are 2 of them from the TCNS portfolio 
itself, which has the W and Aurelia. Both have potential to become INR1,500 crores brand. 
You'll have to independently go and see where they reach over a period of time. Similarly, 
Tasva, our long-term ambition is to build a INR1,000 crores plus business. So these 3 
themselves are large part of where the market is, and the opportunities exists. 
On top of it, our portfolio that exists of the designer brands and the partnerships that we had 
Jaypore. So our statement there consists of the brands -- brand portfolio that we have. I think 
Jagdish also mentioned, as we laid out our ethnic wear strategy, with this, our portfolio is 
comprehensive, unmatched, and complete. And it is with this portfolio that we believe we'll be 
able to get to the scale that we're talking about. 
Garima: 
Got it. And Ashish, are there any strategies in your mind in terms of driving TCNS towards the 
margin levels that they have witnessed in the past that is pre-COVID when they were doing 
high double-digit kind of margins? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Garima, I think you should track this market and most of the people who tracked this market 
know that it takes an exceptional business to deliver double-digit market -- over a -- double-
digit margin over a decade. And our -- all our external study also reflect and showed the 
strength of the brand.  
I think COVID has affected some businesses differentially, and we see it in our portfolio also, 
ethnic wear has been one part of it and that's obviously taken longer to come back. But we are 
confident that with the combined experience, the strength of the brand and ABFRL's own 
ability to scale up and add value to these businesses, we will be able to get it back to first the 
double-digit EBITDA, which we need to get in the next 2, 3 years and hopefully, very soon to 
the kind of margins that the business used to enjoy before that. 
Garima: 
Understood. I have last question for Jagdish, if I may. Could you please help us with the net 
debt of ABFRL as of 31st of March? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Garima, for that, you have to wait until I announce the number. But let me tell you, for this 
acquisition, we intend to borrow not more than INR700 crores to INR800 crores. Our stated 
net to debit EBITDA that leverage ratio will increase to approximately 3x in FY '24, but it 
happens when you do a large acquisition. This is the pre-IndAS EBITDA numbers which I'm 
talking about. But in next 2 to 3 years or rather 3 years, we will come down to below 2. So this 
is the position on my net debt. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Garima, we'll come back to the exact number when we announce the quarterly results very 
soon. We want to focus on this transaction there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Nuvama. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, congratulations to the team for completing this acquisition. Just first question was, 
Ashish, you alluded to the aspect of maybe taking a decade to build a business similar to what 
TCNS is currently having. Was that the main consideration? Because if I just think about 
considering a partnership with Flipkart and the kind of distribution that Madura has, along with 
the aspect that we launched, Marigold Lane and there are certain private brands in Pantaloons, 
was there a thought of maybe building this category organically or any other aspects of the 
TCNS business that -- other than the longevity of creating a business of the scale? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Nihal, let me restate some of the points and perhaps help our thinking on that. The first 
question was also around that. See, we have, as a company, been building brands organically 
and acquiring businesses inorganically both. We understand what it takes, both in terms of 
time, capital, investment, losses, sometimes risks of failures in building a stable, strong 
business over a period of time. So we are fully aware of. 
Having decided in FY '19, '18, '19, that this is the market where we want to play a leading -- 
build a leading business, very clearly, these were all set to build an organic business, and this 
is what we were doing on one side with us, the other side with the Marigold Lane. If the 
inorganic opportunity didn't present itself, was not either attractive enough or we did not 
believe we can add value to it. We would go ahead as we were going ahead, Nihal, in terms of 
building an organic play. 
You must appreciate that a portfolio of this nature is one way to come by and second, this long 
time, it doesn't mean it cannot be created but it does take long time, and we are doing that in 
many parts of our business. If you look at inner wear, it's a purely organic business that we are 
building. On the men's ethnic wear, the Tasva, purely organic business. So there is a large part 
of our portfolio and a meaningful part of our portfolio, which we're building organically. 
As and when inorganic opportunity of this nature and this quality come up, we have to 
seriously consider it. And that's the consideration we did. Both options are available. We were 
going down the organic path, as you are aware, and since this opportunity came up and we 
evaluated it, and both felt that this is perhaps the more sure and certain way of creating value 
in this segment as well as building presence in this segment. 
Nihal Jham: 
The second question was on the fact that you alluded that maybe the ethnic wear segment itself 
has faced certain issues post COVID. But just on TCNS' growth improvement for both the 
brands, W and Aurelia, any specific low-hanging fruits, or any changes in strategy that you 
immediately are considering which you don't want to share? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Too early for us to have a view. We have this investment captures around long-term belief 
both in the segment, in the brand and the management team. We think a lot of it will be visible 
in couple of quarters on its own. We definitely hope and want to build the work with the 
management team to accelerate and find areas of opportunity where we could add value to 
further -- at this point of time, I don't think it will be right for me to call out any specific area. 
Nihal Jham: 
I have one final question to Jagdish. We'll be getting approximately $14 million from the GIC 
branch in the second half of FY '24, so ideally when we are looking at the debt to EBITDA 
that should be something that should be considered, right? Or the number you're giving is just, 
at this point in time, assuming the INR700 crores that you will have to raise to finance it? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Yes. So Nihal, when I say 3x of EBITDA, it already factored into GIC money coming into. As 
you are aware that we have put growth plan across all businesses. And the way our operations 
are rising, we need for working capital and capex within our own setup. That will take care of -
- that will be also included into my this plan. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Nihal, you can keep that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejas Shah: 
A couple of questions from my side. First, TCNS story for an outside like me has been very 
positively of story driven by motivated team. So what are the plans of retaining the key talent 
in TCNS and how do you plan to institutionalize some of this essence, which must be 
personally driven in TCNS as a company? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So just -- we agree and in fact, a part of attractiveness of the whole proposition was solid 
strength of the brand, business elements as well and equally the team that we built... Please be 
assured, and we have a history of doing that. A large part of our company is built around the 
first acquisition, which is the Madura business, which came with the team. We have 
subsequently have had many other multiple businesses that we acquired, including our 
designer business last couple of years. We are very confident that the best professionals would 
enjoy working in the part of ABFRL and Aditya Birla Group. 
We clearly have plans, and I'm sure the team is committed to making that happen. You can be 
sure that it's an important part of both our consideration for the transaction and subsequently 
also. 
Tejas Shah: 
And second question, we were, like you spoke about the opportunity in women ethnic wear, 
and we have been kind of talking and working towards it for a while organically. So -- and 
then as you pointed out that as and when such opportunities come, you have to take plans at 
that. But just wanted to understand, does it mean that some of our organic initiatives, which we 
would have started and now with this opportunity coming into our fold, you will find or 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
consolidate or terminate some of those organic initiatives that you would not take, let's say, 1 
or 2 years or 3 years back? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
See, the way we had built Marigold Lane, which is really what you’re referring to, which is the 
only brand we are building in the women's premium wear segment. If there was no inorganic 
path, which we didn't see until even 1 year, 1.5 years back, we were committed to building 
that, we have launched 4 or 5 stores. I think at this point in time, we probably have 6 to 10 
stores in the business. It's available across a few hundred Pantaloons outlet. We are testing the 
product, constantly improving the product, and we would have gone ahead and built a large 
business around that. 
But now that we have the portfolio strength, experience, and proven brand that TCNS platform 
offers, we wouldn't have to go through the journey of investing and building a new organic 
brand from scratch. The role of Marigold Lane as the premium brand offering attractive 
premium products within the Pantaloon store, we will continue to remain. And I don't think we 
need to change that. It has that proposition built into it. 
And therefore, to that extent, we wouldn't have to invest the way we will, for example, invest 
in building Tasva on the men's wear side. 
Tejas Shah: 
And then the last one, if I may, and I'm not sure if I -- it is part of the scope of the call today. 
But I just wanted to understand, are there any more white spaces in the portfolio as you see for 
the next 3, 4 years, which would you -- which you would like to target organically, 
inorganically going forward in terms of additions of categories or brands? Or do you believe 
that we are almost there in terms of what we want to achieve ABFRL as a company in the next 
3, 4 years? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think, as Jagdish had mentioned at the beginning of this call, we had gone out to build an 
ethnic wear portfolio and which will build a theme for us for 5 years, consistently repeated and 
carefully built over a period of time. With this acquisition, we believe we now have the 
platform portfolio, which completely does justice to nearly 1/3 of the market where we had 0 
presence 4, 5 years back. 
I think our journey of building this portfolio is complete with that. The focus of management 
team over the next couple of years would be to scale these businesses, get them realize the 
potential, where they should be and get to the place where we want to as far as ethnic wear 
portfolio is concerned because this is going to be a very important part of value for Aditya 
Birla Fashion over a long period of time. And we want to make sure that each of our brands, 
many of them are in nascent state, that's why it's just a 1 year down the line, many of the 
designer businesses are finding traction that they need to get scale. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
TCNS platform itself has tremendous possibility as we have seen on the Madura's side, 
building brands which INR2,000 crores. I think individual brands at that scale, that's the 
potential we see because the women's ethnic wear market is also very, very large market. 
So our focus would be on building them. I don't think there are large portfolio gaps left in it. I 
think having identified ethnic wear, the largest part of ethnic wear was premium ethnic wear 
and not having the clear strategy there or a clear path there was the issue with us, which we 
have filled with this, I think that portion completes the story as far as portfolio is concerned. 
Where we would continue to look at opportunities will perhaps be only in the tomorrow's part 
of the business whereas we have laid out ABFRL has made a finite commitment of INR500 
crores equity. And with that, tomorrow we'll look at digital for small brands and tomorrow on 
its own strength, we will go out and raise capital over the next 12 to 18 months, and that 
capital will be used to make further exploration of either acquired businesses or small 
businesses that they would require -- for this capital, a large part has already been deployed. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
So my question is related to the execution part of the business. So over the last 5 years, I think 
-- I mean, we have done quite a good -- I mean, we have -- our journey regarding women 
ethnic wear brands, etcetera. But still given the context, if we look at a 5-year revenue CAGR 
of Aditya Birla Fashion, which is at roughly around 8% to 9%. And of course, our retail 
expansion would have been relatively more aggressive than this number. 
And also taking stock of TCNS over the last 4 to 5 years, I mean, the number looks relatively 
more subdued, but of course, I understand the potential of the brand and of market opportunity 
which exists out there. But still given this context and background, I just wanted to understand 
that how are we willing to scale up TCNS business from here going forward, largely related to 
our ability to leverage our existing distribution channel? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think best way to look at it, and I would reiterate about 1.5, 2 years back, we had laid out 
a plan, which is a 5-year FY '26 plan of scaling up the business to go to a revenue of 
INR21,000-plus crores. We are not just on track; we're moving ahead of that. There have been 
challenges in the last 2 years, which has been largely related to COVID and recovery from 
there to that extent, some of it. But I would restate here on that part. 
And therefore, our confidence in building large businesses. We are the only company in the 
Indian fashion industry, which has 4 brands, which are between INR1,500 crores to INR2,500 
crores. These have been built organically, and we have strong belief that with the addition of 
Reebok, parts of TCNS portfolio, we will have 4 or 5 other brands which will be between 
INR1,000 crores to INR2,000 crores in due course of time. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
So the portfolio of large businesses because fundamentally, we believe in building large 
scalable brands, which create enormous value over a long period of time. Same thing, I think 
the model that has worked for us will work in a different context for many of the new 
businesses that we've acquired. TCNS own portfolio provides that opportunity to build that 
level of scale and profitability, and we are very confident we will get to that. 
Short-term issues about last 3, 4 years, what happened? We are as much aware about 
challenging the industry. And that's something fortunately, we are coming out of that cycle. 
There may still be softness for a quarter here and there due to consumer and inflationary 
issues, but I think those are shorter-term issues. Our long-term strategy remains intact. We are 
very confident that with this portfolio, we'll be able to build a whole new setup of large 
businesses and brands. 
Varun Singh: 
So sir, my question is related to distribution scale-up of TCNS will it be largely given by 
EBUs, or we will be using our own, the strength of Madura brands, etcetera? And also in that 
context, if we can also understand the percentage of relevant distribution outlet that we could 
kind of benefit from our existing channels. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. Let me first say even for all our brands, our largest part of business comes from 
exclusive brand outlets, which means Louis Philippe has a network of more than 600, Peter 
England would have more than 1,000. These are exclusive brand outlets. TCNS, as a platform 
itself has close to 650-plus exclusive brand outlets, which is the largest part of any apparel 
brand in the brand and in the premium segment.  
It will continue to grow and that's the way we have built all our brands. This will continue to 
grow. We have strong partnerships with large department stores. We have very deep 
partnerships with all the leading e-commerce player. They will provide other multiple 
platforms. These are not platforms owned by us. These are large consumer platforms where 
consumers are there, and all brands grow through that. Exclusive brand is a large part of our 
strategy and will continue to be the strategy for TCNS. 
Varun Singh: 
Sure, sir. And to my last question is regarding the premium on the valuation that we have paid, 
which is roughly 30% to 35% compared to our own valuation. I'm taking this simply on 
market cap to revenue basis. I'm not looking at profitability, which might be relatively subdue 
for some or other reasons. But still given the 30%, 35% premium that we have paid, I'm sure 
we must be expecting relatively higher growth compared to the growth that we are already 
tracking in our own portfolio. So if you can give some guidance regarding what kind of 
revenue growth potential for next 3, 5 years are we expecting in TCNS? And also the margin, I 
mean, if you give some colour on return on capital etcetera. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So -- see, your question has a lot of intrinsic and somewhat contradictory assumptions. When 
you acquire a business, you acquire the business on the valuation of that business and that's 
how the initial part of the transaction is built, which is the open offer and the share purchase 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
agreement with the promoter. That is not built on ABFRL, but that's built around TCNS and its 
expectations of promoters and open offer price. 
The second part of the transaction is built by valuers who have valued the long-term potential 
and projections of our business and, therefore, value of the business. So this implications of 
premium and valuation multiples are -- there more sort of short term in nature. The transaction 
actually captures the long-term value of it, and this is how the whole business -- the construct 
of the scheme is. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So my question is more with regards to the ethnic wear industry, especially on the women's 
side. So if we see there are highly any brands which are in the range of this INR500 crores to 
INR1,000-odd crores. So a, I would like to one from you to know what you think is the major 
problem for the brands not to scale up beyond the INR1,000 crores odd mark? And b, related 
part of this is what differentiating things that ABFRL will do here that is helping you to scale 
up these brands to the next level? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think, Gaurav, at a very high level, we have been in the journey for all our brands across 
the portfolio. And it's not just true for us, it's to for many other brands in the industry. They go 
from INR100 crores to INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores to INR2,000 crores. Each of the 
brands that we have grown or any of the competitor has grown has been a journey where a 
different set of skills come at INR400 crores, INR500 crores, INR1,000 crores, etcetera. 
I think TCNS portfolio brands, at least 2 of the leading brands, which is W and Aurelia, are 
fairly well positioned to become INR1,000 crores and INR2,000 crores over a period of time. 
We have gone through our own journey in multiple of our brands on that. So we are quite 
confident about how this journey goes. 
In terms of what we will add to the TCNS current team and management? I think, first of all, a 
large part of this growth and ambition is built into their business plan. They have been 
executing it extremely well until FY '20, if you look at the performance. I'm very confident 
that in a short period of time that journey will recover on its own based on the learning and the 
knowledge that, that system has. 
But as a company, we bring ability to scale brands on multiple dimensions, which is expanding 
product portfolio, preimmunizing this into products, improving the state performance, building 
an asset-light franchise model, expanding distribution, building deeper partnerships with 
department stores, growing our brands even faster with partnerships with e-commerce players. 
So there is multiple levers, which we have executed across the portfolio brands. Some of it 
exists already in the TCNS business, but I think at another level, we will be able to add that 
value to this portfolio to accelerate the growth. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
We believe the size of the opportunity is very, very large. Very few brands have broken 
through the manner that TCNS portfolio brands, which is the top 2 brands are getting space. 
There is still value in some of the other smaller brands in the portfolio, be it Wishful at the top 
or Elleven. But over a period of time, we think what we have got is the right source, which has 
helped us build very scalable brands. And I think the same formula will work for that. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, sir. Sir, the next question is with regards to why we are looking to buy the entire 
company? Don't you think just buying the 51% stake and having a controlling stake would 
have solved the purpose because in that case also, you will be having the controlling 
management and you can drive the changes that is requisite that you're looking for? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think here the thought is that a very strong -- this is a very large market. And in our size, 
this itself will be a very large meaningful opportunity for us. And for ABFRL stakeholders, as 
well as the TCNS shareholders, the best would be a complete integration where there's 
fungibility of capital management, and it allows us to fully execute the plan, and that's really 
why it is. In a partial set up, some of these synergies still don't come in. And if it was -- it's a 
part of our -- fully part of the realized machinery, which has been executing over a period of 
time, we believe that we'll be able to extract maximum values. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Sir, and my last question is with regard to the ethnics wear industry. I mean, we do 
understand that COVID has impacted performance for various apparel players amongst those, 
but however, we see -- the ethnic wear, the daily wear segment, if you look at it, it's kind of -- I 
would not say a basic necessity, but a kind of thing that everyone would use in the daily wear 
segment. So why do you think the growth specifically hasn't recovered to the earlier levels, 
even after we have seen 1 year of normalization in the overall scheme of things? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think as an industry, it's been slow to take off and perhaps some of that has to do with some 
shifts in the way women wear dressing, and I think some of the functions for which -- so ethnic 
wear industry serves both purposes at least on the women's side, one is the special occasion 
and second is the daily wear, which is a regular office wear. 
As women coming out both for occasion wear and the office wear and the regular wear starts 
to come back, it's been slower and lagging behind the men's wear segment. And that's 
something that we tracked across the industry and within our portfolio as we look at the 
performance of various brands inside the Pantaloons. We fundamentally don't believe there is 
any reason for it to stay that way for too long. And that is why we believe that it's a short-term 
phenomenon and a quarter or 2, it should come back to same level. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congrats on this big acquisition. Sir, I wanted to check, I mean, I agree that the ethnic space is 
about 1/3 of the market, but it also includes sari segment, which is also similar to salwar kurta 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
industry where TCNS has limited presence. So what is the thought process here? Do we plan 
to launch this product proposition within W or Aurelia? How should we see this? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So here, our philosophy in various categories has been to deal with categories through brand 
extensions. And that's what we have done on the men's wear side through our portfolio brand. 
Even in women's wear, if you recall, we had launched saris inside Pantaloons. Sari is a part of 
Jaypore business portfolio. 
It's a very strong part of many of our designer portfolios, whether you look at Sabyasachi, 
Masaba, Tarun Tahiliani, some of those portfolio as well as Shantanu Nikhil where, you know, 
there is a designer sari element. So we are not close to sari as another segment. The approach 
to categories is through the lengths of brands, and we will see wherever we find an appropriate 
brand extension possibility, we'll do that. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on working capital front and we definitely, as a group, operated a 
very light working capital cycle in the range of mid- to high single digits, while TCNS 
currently is operating at a relatively much higher working capital between 25% to 30%. So 
wanted to check what are the key drivers if any? And so firstly, whether we can bring it's 
working to our group's level of booking capital? And what are the key drivers that are going to 
be for this? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think we'll have to engage a little bit more and understand the business on this difference 
that on the surface and straight away, I could say that there is no reason for us to believe that 
working capital cycle cannot be brought to the level where other brands operate. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. So that's a possibility, obviously, with time that should -- maybe you will learn is and 
how that can be done. Is it the right takeaway? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta: from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
First question from me is that what kind of margins do you expect TCNS to do in the first 
year? Now if you look at the longer history, it has been very volatile. There have been a peak 
of 15%. They've had loss-making years also. Recently in the first half of FY '23, they have 
done a 3% margin. So what is your expectation? And where do you see stabilizing? Also the 
road map to this margin that you are expecting if it is on the higher side? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I don't think I would be able to -- or I would like to comment on very short-term questions 
on the company. I think company's management in due course will give you that response. We 
don't believe we should answer that question at this point of time. We are not in a position to 
answer that question. So I think very short-term questions, perhaps we are not in a position to 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
answer. We are very confident that in a reasonable period of time in a year or 2, we'll come 
back to at least double-digit margin, and it will start to improve from there. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And regarding the brand's growth, maybe it's COVID but it could also be a brand 
scaling up to a level where growing from there on is going to be difficult. So let's say, a brand 
has lost its traction or has lost its relevance, how do you evaluate that particular case? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, think you are conjecturing a few things, which are contrary to our belief. We have spent 
time understanding consumers and brands in this space before we made this move. We are 
quite confident that the portfolio brand has resilience and vitality. In our own journey over 20, 
25 years, we've seen periods where some brands have struggled to go for a short period of 
time, and we've been able to find solutions to, specifically in that case. We are very confident 
that otherwise, brands don't suddenly flag off. There are periods of stagnation where specific 
issues, the merchandising or season come through. But strong brands have ability, and we have 
seen it over a long period of time, across large number of brands that these can be overcome, 
and we are very confident that this management team will have answers to that question. We 
don't believe the brands have lost either relevance or vitality in this case. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. Sir, last question from me. We intend to take a INR700 crores, INR800 crores 
incremental debt to fund this transaction. But we are also expecting INR1,400 crores from 
GIC. So just wanted to understand, could we have like prepone this GIC inclusion as it is 
anywhere slated to come and avoid taking debt at this point? Or that is something which is not 
in our hands? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So as you know, the GIC infusion was part of a strategic decision that was taken some time 
back. At that stage, we do have no visibility of the transaction of this nature. Like with all our 
partnerships, contracts, we'll very confident in the spirit of it that the short period of gap 
between this transaction and the money that will come is a very manageable period for us, and 
we don't need to change that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So just one question from my side. While we have said 6 to 9 months is the timeline from the 
deal. Just wanted to know what are the approvals needed for it to go through? And what is the 
fallback as the minority shareholders of TCNS oppose the deal given that we can see that it's 
not in their interest given the valuation is at a 25% lower than the promoters and the PE guys 
are going to get the exit? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Again, I'll let Jagdish talk about the assets part. So let me answer the second part. See, I think 
all shareholders of TCNS would understand the value of this partnership and what the 2 
businesses together could create and the value and play the large platform that ABFRL offers 
for any investor in this industry. So we are very confident that, that would not be an issue. On 
specific question of what the process and timeline, I'll request Jagdish to... 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
So Ankit, they are the customary approvals like CCI, we have to seek approval, then it's 
directed to SEBI, once we do get it, then you know the open offer and first date, the NCLT 
approval for these schemes. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So when will be the minority approvals needed for the merger? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
That will be once the NCLT process is started, and we call for the shareholders meeting. 
Moderator: 
Next question from the line of Komal Khetawat from Aditya Birla Sun Life. 
Komal Khetawat: 
You mentioned that you'd be raising INR700 crores to INR800 crores of debt. Can you give 
me-- can -- give some indication on how much will come from bank borrowings and how 
much will be from capital markets? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
So this is an acquisition financing. So nothing from working capital, it will be through capital 
market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from SBI Life Insurance. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
Sir, can you just give some comments on how you see these transactions in terms of EPS for 
ABFRL over '24, '25? And which year you believe this can be an EPS accretive transaction? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We believe, based on our current judgment that it should start getting marginally accretive in 
'25 and definitely from '26 onwards. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yashank Sharma from Nuvama Wealth. 
Yashank Sharma: 
This is more of a follow-up question on the approval timeline. So just to clarify that for open 
offer, we would only require CCI approval and SEBI approval? And NCLT approval would 
not be required in case of open offer, am I right? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Yes. 
Yashank Sharma: 
So possibly, the timeline for approval -- I mean open could be around 4 to 5 months, 
depending on the approval when we get it? And thereafter, we will process for the merger 
requirement? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Exactly. Exactly. 
Yashank Sharma: 
Sir, in any case, if we are not able to process the SPA, will that merger -- again merger -- I 
mean, merger process will continue, or it will fall through? 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
No. First, we have to complete the conditional open offer. If you see, we have to acquire 51%, 
that is most likely to be done by August, September, mid of August or early September. After 
that, the NCLT process will start. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Yashank Sharma: 
Okay. And then for that timeline should be depending on the way merger processes get 
completed. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Ankit Babel: 
Yes, sir, 2 questions from my side. The first was 2 years back, you have shared your FY '26 
vision. But a lot of things have changed post that. Would you like to update the same and let us 
know the revised numbers in the upcoming results? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So not -- Ankit, not maybe in this result, but we will soon come back with an update on our 
long-term projections because, yes, as you said, it was done after the first wave of COVID. We 
also had the positive benefit of having added some new businesses, not just TCNS, but for 
example, Reebok. And so we will come back with an updated strategy and projections. 
Sometimes post results, not these results, not at the time of these results. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And sir, out of this INR5,000 crores revenue target in the ethnic wear segment, which 
you are targeting by FY '27, how much would be contributed by TCNS? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We believe at this point of time on the surface, at least half should come from there. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. Okay. And that's great, sir. And last question, sir, although you have given an indication 
but sir, in the last couple of years, we have done a few acquisitions and also launched new 
brands. Now we believe that we have already gained a decent scalability from the revenue 
side. Is it fair to assume now from here on management should focus on scaling the existing 
businesses and therefore, put up temporary break on any of these -- any further acquisitions for 
the company as a whole other than your D2C business? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. I think that's what I think Mr. Jagdish in his opening remark had mentioned. Remember, 
it's not sporadically that we were acquiring business. It was part of a well-define strategy, 
which we had called out 5 years back and systematically executed over the period of time. The 
largest missing piece on this was -- this -- which also we were building organically. With this, 
I think our portfolio is compete, 2 of the largest segments, which is men's ethnic wear and 
women's ethnic wear, particularly of them, women's ethnic wear contributes 90% of total 
ethnic wear market and this is a very large segment.  
It completes our full circle, and the management attention now is how to take these businesses, 
which we have either organically launched or done in partnership with the designers or this 
one with TCNS management, how to grow that business. And we focused on building that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to the D2C subsidiary. So I assume that we are looking to 
invest around INR500 crores to INR600 crores. Is the number right that in third quarter, we 
had invested around INR290 crores, or any additional amount is there in that? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So we would have taken this question normally in our quarterly and annual results. But just for 
clarification, the commitment for our D2C subsidiary is a INR500 crores of equity capital. I 
think we have out of that invested close to INR300 crores or INR350 crores. I don't have the 
exact number already, and that's clearly the part of the plan. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay, sir. And my second question would be a bookkeeping question. So what would be 
goodwill arising out of this transaction? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We'll give the exact number at the time of closing of the transaction, and that's where some of 
these exact accounting entries will come into play. It would be best to answer that question at 
that stage. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the management, we thank all the participants for joining 
us. In case of any further queries, you may please get in touch with Mr. Amit Dwivedi. You 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
