  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
February 22, 2023 
 
To, 
           
 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
           
 
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code  - 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q3 FY23 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated February 15, 2023 regarding presentation and video recording of 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Call held on February 15, 2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings 
Call. 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.biocon.com/investor-relations/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts/. 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_____________ 
Mayank Verma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 18776 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
 
MAYA
NK 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by MAYANK 
VERMA 
Date: 2023.02.22 
10:11:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
February 15, 2023 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 32 
 
 
 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited and Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
 
 
Dr. Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw – Executive Chairperson, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Siddharth Mittal – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Indranil Sen – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Biologics Limited  
 
Mr. M.B. Chinappa – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Susheel Umesh – Chief Commercial Officer – Emerging Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Abhijit Zutshi - Commercial Head - Global Generics, Biocon Limited  
 
Mr. Nehal Vora - Commercial Head - Global API, Biocon Limited  
 
Mr. Sibaji Biswas – Chief Financial Officer, Syngene International 
 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head - Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Nikunj Mall – Head - Investor Relations, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
Tushar Manudhane – Motilal Oswal Securities 
 
Cyndrella Carvalho – JM Financial 
 
Damayanti Kerai – HSBC 
 
Dhawal Bhalodia - Individual Investor 
 
Harith Ahamed – Spark Avendus   
 
Surya Patra – PhillipCapital 
 
Shyam Srinivasan, Goldman Sachs 
 
Nithya Balasubramanian - Bernstein 
 
Sameer Baisiwala – Morgan Stanley  
 
Neha Manpuria - Bank of America 
 
Nihal – Individual Investor 
 
Utsav Jaipuria – DAM Capital Advisors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 32 
 
 
Prepared Remarks Session 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good morning, everyone. I am Saurabh Paliwal from the Biocon Investor Relations team, and I would like to 
welcome you to Biocon's Q3 FY23 Earnings conference call. 
I would like to indicate that all participants will be in the ‘listen-only’ mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions once the management’s commentary concludes.  
Should you need to ask questions, please select the “Raise Hand” icon under the ‘Reactions’ tab of the Zoom 
application. We will call out your name and unmute your line to enable you to ask the question. While asking, please 
begin with your name and your organization.  
Please note that the chat box is disabled, but you can raise any technical concerns by sending us an email to 
investor.relations@biocon.com.  
I would also like to bring to your attention that this conference call is being recorded. The recording will be available 
on our website within a day and the transcript will be uploaded subsequently. 
Today, to discuss the Company's Business Performance and Outlook, we have Dr. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, our 
Executive Chairperson, Mr. Siddharth Mittal, CEO and Managing Director of Biocon Limited, along with other senior 
management personnel from business segments including Generics, Biosimilars and Research Services.  
As I move on, I would like to highlight the ‘Safe Harbour’ related to today’s conference call. Comments made during 
the call may be forward-looking in nature, based on management's current beliefs and expectations. It must be 
viewed in relation to the risks that our business faces that could cause our future results, performance, or 
achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  
After the end of this call, if you need any further information or clarifications, please do reach out to me. Now, I would 
like to turn the call over to our Chairperson for her opening remarks. Over to you, Kiran. 
Dr. Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Thank you, Saurabh. Good morning everyone.  
I would like to start with the national budget which was presented by the Honourable Finance Minister on the 1st of 
February this year. The budget has a favourable impact on our business especially with respect to Research. While 
details are yet to be published, the increased focus for R&D in pharma and healthcare through Centres of Excellence 
is certainly a step in the right direction.  
Now coming to the Viatris transaction 
Biocon Biologics successfully completed the acquisition of Viatris’ global biosimilars business on November 29, 
2022. Consequently, incremental revenues and profits post deal closure are reflected in its earnings this quarter. 
Viatris continues to provide commercial and other transaction services to Biocon Biologics as part of a pre-agreed 
Transition Services Agreement. In parallel, Biocon Biologics is designing a bespoke country specific strategy and 
business model that optimizes for revenues and profitability. This we believe will create value for all our 
stakeholders. We have also drawn up a comprehensive integration plan and intend to start migrating business 
operations in a phased manner. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 32 
 
 
There are several upcoming launches, including biosimilar Adalimumab, in the US, making ‘business continuity’ one 
of the key imperatives of our integration plan. 
I would like to take you through our debt reduction efforts. 
To fund the acquisition of Viatris’ global biosimilar business, Biocon Biologics had made an upfront payment of US$ 
2 billion and issued US$ 1 billion of Convertible Securities to Viatris. The upfront payment was funded through US$ 
1.2 billion of debt raised by Biocon Biologics, US$ 650 million of equity infusion by Biocon and US$ 150 million of 
equity infusion by Serum.  
Biocon had raised US$ 420 million of mezzanine financing to part fund the US$ 650 million equity infusion into 
Biocon Biologics. I am pleased to report that Biocon Limited has entered into definitive agreements with Kotak 
Strategic Situations Fund, for a structured funding of up to ₹1,200 Crores. This funding together with the recently 
concluded stake sale in Syngene will help to reduce our net debt. 
It is important to point out that Biocon continues to maintain majority control in Syngene at 54.9%, post this 
divestment. Furthermore, we believe the divestment achieves two key objectives – reduction of the group debt and 
an increased public float for Syngene.  
Biocon Biologics is also in discussion with Private Equity investors for an additional fund raise to pare down its 
acquisition debt. 
I would also now like to touch upon recent concerns around regulatory inspections. 
The post pandemic recommencement of facility inspections by the US FDA in India has reportedly seen a surge in 
the number of Form 483s issued to companies which has caused delayed approvals across the industry.  
Biocon’s new product approvals post pre-approval inspections have also been impacted with the issuance of 
complete response letters or CRLs by the agency. However, I would like to mention that Biocon has received facility 
and product approvals from other regulatory agencies, including EMA. 
With the US FDA set to resume face to face meetings from March, we hope that this will allow us for greater 
engagement to address these issues. In the meantime, we are of course looking at this event as an opportunity for 
us to upscale and advance our quality management systems, so that we future proof our quality systems. 
In terms of a leadership update, I am pleased to share that Shreehas Tambe was appointed CEO and Managing 
Director of Biocon Biologics in December 2022 following the retirement of Dr. Arun Chandavarkar, who will continue 
to serve as a non-Executive, non-Independent Director on the Board of Biocon Biologics.  
I would like to thank Arun for his longstanding contribution to the Biocon Group and my best wishes to Shreehas for 
the transformational journey ahead.  
I will now present the key financial highlights of the quarter. 
At a consolidated group level, revenues for Q3 FY23 were up 36% on a year-on-year basis at ₹3,020 Crores. 
Revenues from our Biosimilars Business and Research Services Business delivered strong year-on-year growth of 
54% and 23% respectively, and our Generics Business grew at a healthy 18%.  
Core EBITDA, i.e. EBITDA excluding R&D expense, licensing income, forex movement, dilution gain in Bicara and 
mark-to-market movement on investments, grew 49% to ₹1,069 Crores, which indicates a very healthy core 
operating margins of 36% versus 33% in the same quarter last year. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 32 
 
 
Growth in core EBITDA was offset by higher R&D investments at ₹337 Crores, an increase of ₹199 Crores 
compared to the same period last fiscal and representing 16% of revenues ex-Syngene. This is a clear reflection of 
our advancing pipeline that will drive our future growth.  
We also recorded a Forex loss of ₹44 Crores as compared to a gain of ₹19 Crores during Q3 FY22.  
Reported EBITDA for the quarter was up 35% at ₹723 Crores versus ₹537 Crores in the same period last year, with 
EBITDA margin sustained at 24%.  
Profit Before Tax and exceptional items stood at ₹246 Crores, compared to ₹269 Crores during the same quarter last 
fiscal. The drop in PBT is attributable to certain amortisation and interest costs related to the acquisition of the 
Viatris’ business.  
The Net Profit for the quarter, excluding exceptional items, stood at ₹140 Crores versus ₹187 Crores in Q3 FY22. It 
must be mentioned that there is a part impact of stake dilution of Biocon’s shareholding in both Biocon Biologics and 
Syngene in the consolidated results. 
I would now also like to turn to exceptional items during the quarter amounting to ₹182 Crores net of tax and 
minority interest, which primarily pertain to deal related expenses of the Viatris transaction. And this then leads to a 
net loss of ₹42 Crores this quarter. This, I would again emphasize is a one-off event and we expect it to return to 
normal from next quarter. 
Now coming to segmental performance. 
Generics 
The Generics business delivered revenues of ₹718 Crores during the quarter, a year-on-year growth of 18%. Profit 
Before Tax for the quarter was at ₹72 Crores versus ₹67 Crores last year. Sequentially, revenues grew by 15%. 
The performance during the quarter was driven by an increase in demand for immunosuppressant APIs as well as 
Generic Formulations, especially statins, as well as recent product launches. Margins compared to previous year 
were muted on account of continued pricing pressure in the U.S. market.  
During the quarter, we entered into agreements with Zentiva, a leading European pharmaceutical company, under 
which Biocon will manufacture and supply Liraglutide to Zentiva for its commercialization in 30 countries across 
Europe. And as you know, in Liraglutide we are vertically integrated, this is a complex formulation, and it includes a 
drug-device combination used in the treatment and management of Type 2 diabetes and obesity.  
We have also secured approvals for some of our key formulation products in Europe and we have also entered into a 
long-term strategic partnership with Farmanguinhos in Brazil for the supply and tech-transfer of an 
immunosuppressant finished dosage formulation. And collectively these agreements and approvals that we have 
received, it’s important for me to say will actually allow us to drive that mid-teens growth over the next 5 years and 
beyond. 
On the quality compliance front –  
We were issued a Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) Certificate of Compliance by the European Directorate for 
the Quality of Medicines & HealthCare (EDQM), for our Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) manufacturing facility 
in Bengaluru, following a GMP inspection of the site conducted in September 2022. 
With respect to our Visakhapatnam project, we continue to make progress in terms of our greenfield 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 32 
 
 
immunosuppressant API facility and in terms of the new peptide facility in Bengaluru, this also is on track. We expect 
to complete the validation batches in both sites by H1 of FY24. 
Biosimilars  
Biocon Biologics recorded revenues of ₹1,507 Crores with a year-on-year growth of 54% pursuant to the closure of 
the Viatris acquisition and steady growth in the Biocon Biologics-led business. 
Revenue for Q3 FY23 includes contribution from the acquired Viatris’ biosimilars business effective from the date of 
closing of the deal on 29th of November 2022. Previously, Biocon Biologics recognized only transfer price and profit 
share of biosimilars marketed by Viatris. Post completion of the deal, it now recognizes the full value of sales and 
associated expenses.  
The reported numbers therefore include one-month profit from the acquired business and a provision for interest 
expense and non-cash amortization charges related to the acquisition. 
Core EBITDA for this business stood at ₹663 Crores, which is up 83% year-on-year. Core EBITDA margin jumped 
from 38% last year to 44% this fiscal. 
This of course was then impacted by R&D investments for the quarter which increased to ₹280 Crores or 19% of 
Biocon Biologics revenues. We will see R&D investments normalize to around 12% levels of sales, as we accrue full 
revenues from Viatris’ biosimilar businesses.  
We continue to make good progress on our R&D pipeline. Denosumab and Ustekinumab biosimilar programs have 
completed recruitment for their global Phase I and Phase III clinical trials. Biosimilar Pertuzumab has entered Phase 
I trials for global markets. Viatris has initiated an interchangeability study for our biosimilar Adalimumab, allowing us 
to maximize the commercial value of Hulio in the US. We have filed our biosimilar Aflibercept in several global 
markets, including the US and EU.  
EBITDA post the R&D and other expenses stood at ₹361 Crores, which is up 53% year-on-year. EBITDA margin 
was stable at 24%.  
Depreciation, amortization, and Interest expense for the quarter increased by ₹146 Crores year-on-year, of which 
₹97 Crores is attributable to the Viatris acquisition.   
Profit Before Tax and exceptional items for this business stood at ₹102 Crores.  
Advanced Markets continued to see a strong penetration of our commercialized products, holding now double-digit 
shares in the US. Glargine’s total prescription market share is trending around 12% while new prescriptions are at 
14%. We continue to see strong momentum in our biosimilar Pegfilgrastim’s market share which has crossed 11%. 
In Europe, our biosimilar Adalimumab continues to see a strong uptake in key markets such as Germany and France 
where it has 18% and 10% market share respectively. We also saw an uptick in Trastuzumab market performance in 
Europe achieving 17% and 20% market shares in France and Italy, respectively. We continue to launch our products 
in new markets with biosimilar Bevacizumab in Australia and biosimilar Glargine and Aspart in Canada last quarter. 
The Emerging Markets business continues to deliver strong performance underpinned by the insulin portfolio and 
biosimilar Trastuzumab. We have expanded our reach through 8 new launches across emerging markets and the 
franchise will be augmented by the integration of Viatris’ Emerging Market territories.      
On the regulatory front, the US FDA has accepted our CAPA plan pertaining to the pre-approval inspections of 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 32 
 
 
Insulin Aspart in Malaysia which was cited in the CRL. The Bevacizumab CRL requires us to address the 
observations made during the site inspection for which we have submitted a CAPA plan and are awaiting a 
response. We are committed for closure of the actions within the stipulated timeline and we are confident of being 
able to resolve the asks of the US FDA.  
In summary, the business continues to see healthy and profitable performance with several catalysts for growth such 
as the launch of biosimilar Adalimumab in the US. We believe the acquisition of Viatris’ biosimilar business is a very 
key inflection point for Biocon Biologics as we transform into a unique, leading global biosimilars enterprise which we 
strongly believe will drive huge value for all our stakeholders.       
Novel Molecules 
As a part of the on-going pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of Itolizumab in patients with acute graft-versus-host disease 
(aGVHD), enrolment continues to ramp up. There are now 45 clinical study sites up and running.   
Enrolment also continues in the Phase 1b clinical study of Itolizumab for Lupus Nephritis and Equillium expects to 
announce top-line data later this year. 
I think it would be prudent for me to mention that many acute GVHD studies that were being conducted by various 
companies have actually not succeeded and this particular molecule showing robust data. So, I hope this will actually 
be able to hold its promise and get approval in the foreseeable future.  
Patient dosing for the Phase-2 trial in India for the clinical study of Itolizumab in patients with Ulcerative Colitis, 
began in December, 2022. 
Based on the very encouraging and promising data in acute GVHD, Equillium recently entered into an Option and 
Purchase Agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Japan, where Equillium has granted Ono the exclusive right 
to acquire its rights to Itolizumab.  We believe this is a very important event as Ono is a highly respected company 
that has brought several important molecules in the market through partners. 
Research Services  
Revenue from operations grew 23% to ₹786 crores over the corresponding quarter last year. Reported EBITDA was 
up 15% to ₹248 crores. Profit before tax was at ₹140 crores, up 9% over the corresponding quarter last year. 
The third quarter results saw positive performances across all divisions with solid growth in Research divisions – 
Discovery Services and Dedicated Centres. 
Development Services benefitted from repeat orders from existing clients, as well as an increase in the number of 
collaborations with emerging biopharma companies. 
In Manufacturing Services, the highlight of the quarter was the successful inspection of its biologics facilities by the 
US FDA, EMA and MHRA. With Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) certifications from the regulatory agencies in 
place, the Company is now well positioned to fulfil its long-term contract with Zoetis and progress its biologics growth 
strategy.  
Concluding Remarks 
I would like to conclude by saying that we expect to end FY23 on a strong note, with healthy growth across all our 
businesses.   

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 32 
 
 
Biocon Biologics will be the key growth driver, as it begins to reflect the full quarter’s revenues of the newly acquired 
Viatris business, from Q4 FY23. 
Directionally, Biocon Biologics will be exiting FY23 at a US$ 1 billion trajectory, excluding vaccines.   
Growth in FY24 will come from the launch of Adalimumab in the US and continued growth in Glargine, Trastuzumab 
and Pegfilgrastim. Launches of Aspart and Bevacizumab in the US, post approval, will provide additional upside. 
Biocon also is confident of delivering mid-teens growth in the coming fiscal. 
With this, I would like to open the floor to questions. 
Q&A Session 
\
 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Kiran. We will take a moment for people to raise their hands to ask a 
question. I will request the participants to please limit their questions to two, to allow 
other people in line to get an opportunity. We will start with Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal Oswal. Tushar, please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Just on the Adalimumab clariﬁcation. So, we 
have approval for all the strengths, or a specific strength and secondly, with 
respect to interchangeability, what is the kind of timeline can we expect to get the 
approval? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Shreehas, you might want to take this. 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Sure. Thanks, Kiran. Thanks for the question. We've seen that there are several players 
in the market; there are low strength and high strength formulation players. We have a 
low strength formulation. We also have a product which really checks the key boxes of 
being citrate free, latex free and a device, which will really be what the patient 
experience is all about. So, we believe that we've got what it takes to be competitive in 
this market, Tushar.  
Another important aspect that you're talking about is interchangeability, that is 
something that remains to be seen. We believe that may not necessarily be a critaeria 
to win. We do not see other biosimilars which are currently taken up in the national 
formularies having interchangeability at this point. 
Nevertheless, it's something that we will pursue, and we will have the right to win when 
we get our product into the market. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Interesting. So, for our strength, what would be the market size? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
So, at this stage if you really look at it, the market from innovator perspective, has been 
moved to the high concentration, but we do not see high concentration or a low 
concentration really being the differentiator. We've seen a similar commentary from 
other incumbents who have come there and other players who have also looked at 
bringing products. We’ve also seen payor acceptance of other biosimilars, which have 
been launched. So that may not necessarily be a criteria for success. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 32 
 
 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
And maybe should add that we have had a huge success in Europe where we had a 
very positive patient experience, we believe that would translate to the US market. 
Shreehas Tambe:  
So, true, and I think to add to what Kiran just said, Tushar we are one of the few players 
who have been very successful, we have got a product launched in Europe, we've got 
over 18% market share in Germany alone and we crossed 10% in France, some of the 
big markets in Europe. 
So, we come on the back of previous success and we're quite conﬁdent in how our 
product will be received when we launch it in the US.  
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw:      Matt, if you want to make any further comments. 
Matthew Erick:  
Just to add that we're already prepping with the Viatris salesforce. So, we're getting 
ready and already getting out there and speaking to key physicians, so that process is 
starting. 
We're now waiting to be able to talk about the key elements that both Kiran and 
Shreehas spoke about. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Interesting, and secondly also if you could shed some clarity or visibility in the 
business from the vaccine segment? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Your voice is very weak. But I think if I understood you correctly, you are talking about 
any visibility on the vaccines business, was that correct? 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Correct. 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Okay. Well, we have said that we've got the deﬁnitive agreement done. We are in the 
regulatory phase right now. We have secured the approval from the Competition 
Commission of India. The next phase is to get the National Company Law Tribunal 
approvals, that requires us to get approval in Karnataka where we are based and for 
Serum to do it in Maharashtra, where they are based. We are in the last stages in 
Karnataka and Serum has to move their application at the Maharashtra end as well, that 
is still pending. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Effectively 2Q FY24 to be the timeline to look for. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yeah. So, we have not been able to reﬂect the vaccine numbers this quarter is what I 
can say. 
Tushar Manudhane:  
And lastly, if I may on this agreement with Zentiva any commercial outlook or 
guidance on this business? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Maybe Sid you might want to take that. 
Siddharth Mittal: 
So, there is no revenue outlook that I can give. All I can say is Liraglutide for us is a 
very important product. It is a differentiated product, and we feel we're very well placed 
to launch this drug along with Zentiva. At the time of market formation, Zentiva has semi 
exclusive rights, so, we will also commercialize directly, and we feel that the total value 
of this opportunity will aid to the growth in the coming years. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 32 
 
 
Tushar Manudhane:  
Alright sir. Thanks. That it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you. Tushar. The next question is from Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand the $1 billion exiting 
guidance that you are sharing for Biocon Biologics, can you please help us 
understand this in more detail. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Perhaps, Chini you want to explain it. But, let me start by saying that you have already 
seen that we are at a ₹1500 crores level this quarter for Biocon Biologics and we expect 
this number when we capture the full ﬁnancials of the Viatris business in Q4, to cross 
₹2000 crores. 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Cyndrella, morning. Just the way Kiran put it, ₹2000 crores is our expected revenues for 
Q4, excluding vaccines, that translates to a run rate of US$ 1 billion per annum. And 
then as you look into FY24 you need to add growth from the existing molecules, the big 
opportunity in Adalimumab in the US and then the addition of, obviously once you get 
the regulatory approval for both Beva and Aspart, we seek to see incremental revenues 
coming through. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
And of course, growth from existing products. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks for that. But how should we understand the facility planning, I mean we 
are still receiving CRLs. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yes, Cyndrella. But we are already selling products, please understand that we are still 
marketing Trastuzumab, we are marketing Glargine and we are marketing Pegﬁlgrastim 
in the US. Europe has all products being marketed. So please understand that we are 
looking at two products that need approvals and these numbers exclude those 
products. 
We have actually factored the fact that there may be a delay in that approval, we are 
hoping that we will get approvals in this calendar year, which will then be incremental to 
that billion dollars is what we are seeing. So, excluding all those products, we are still at 
US$ 1 billion run rate, is what we want you to understand. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yeah, so that's helpful. Just wanted to understand in terms of where we are, what 
are the US FDAs requirement, which is taking or creating these delays, any color 
that you can help us understand. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
I think I had mentioned it in my comments, saying that our CAPA plan has been 
accepted by the US FDA for Malaysia, and we have also provided a CAPA plan for the 
Bangalore facility, which I'm sure will also be accepted by USFDA. We are in the 
process of basically implementing the CAPA plan that USFDA has accepted in 
Malaysia. 
And maybe I will ask my colleague, I don’t know whether Michael is there on this call, 
but I will ask Michael to also add to what I am saying. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Shreehas you want to pitch in? Michael is not there. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 32 
 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yeah, so let me just add to what Kiran just said, Cyndrella. I think what is important to 
note is that all the facilities that we are talking about are supplying product to the United 
States already, so it's not something that is fundamentally wrong with it, that's the ﬁrst 
thing that I want to state. 
These are also products that have been approved by EMA and continue to be 
commercial in several parts of the world. The way to look at it is that certainly there is a 
greater expectation from the agency, which we're more than happy to upgrade our 
standards to meet. 
And that's the exchange Kiran referred to when she talked about the engagement. We 
have provided a comprehensive response to the agency to see how we can meet with 
their expectations. We've got a response back from them saying they accept our 
proposal. So that's why we are quite conﬁdent in Malaysia with the Aspart submissions 
that we have made to be able to resolve it to their satisfaction. 
We’ve recently received the CRL for Bevacizumab in Bangalore earlier this month. We 
are quite conﬁdent we will be able to get that also to the satisfaction of the agency. 
These are always standards that we have to work to improve upon. We look at this as 
an opportunity to improve and strengthen our systems. We do not see this as 
necessarily a lacuna overall, but an opportunity to strengthen it further. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yeah, that's very helpful. Just on the timeline for interchangeability and how do 
we expect the market formation any comments on that.  
Shreehas Tambe: 
Speciﬁcally any product you're talking about? 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Adalimumab. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yeah. So again, interchangeability is an important topic to understand how it really 
plays out commercially. Now we've seen already contracting happened in the US where 
the ﬁrst biosimilar is not an interchangeable product and it's received formulary listing. 
So clearly, it's not a condition precedent to moving forward, you've seen similar things 
happen on the insulin end as well, so that's the ﬁrst piece that it's not mandatory to 
success on the commercial side.  
The second piece, which is related to how interchangeability plays out in real life is you 
can have one player who can get interchangeability approval and get some exclusivity 
post launch for a period of 12 months, which effectively means even if you were to have 
interchangeability approved, you would probably have to wait until that exclusivity runs 
out. 
So again, from a commercial standpoint, it would really be another contracting cycle 
before you can get there. I would think that interchangeability is something which is nice 
to have, it is something that we are conﬁdent of anyway, but it's a very US speciﬁc 
phenomenon. We do not see that in rest of the world, as I said before and Kiran rightly 
pointed out, we've seen great success with our product Hulio (bAdalimumab), in Europe 
and we are quite conﬁdent that we will be able to get that success.  

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 32 
 
 
The real piece here is the patient experience and hub services which Matt can talk to 
you about in more detail. But it's about our device and we are very conﬁdent about the 
kind of device we're bringing to the market. It's a two click device and which should 
really be very helpful for the patients. So that really gives us that right to win, Cyndrella. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you so much. Just one last, if I may. And that is on, when do we expect the 
consolidation from the Serum side timeline, I'm asking, would it be Q1 or as the 
earlier participant highlighted it is ﬁrst half of FY24. What should we try and 
building in terms of our models? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yes, I think right now we don't have clear visibility of the regulatory completion. But yes, 
maybe we can look at next ﬁscal for those numbers to be consolidated. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you so much. I'll join back the queue. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thanks, Cyndrella. Next question is from Damayanti Kerai from HSBC. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is again on Adalimumab. 
So, you have mentioned, it's not mandatory for you to succeed in this market, but 
the interchangeability studies which you have initiated. What is the completion 
timeline, which you're aiming for? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Damayanti, we can get you the exact dates on the interchangeability study. But as I 
said, the BBL dates of this would matter only after the ﬁrst commercial launch of the 
interchangeable product, which we believe will be in July of 2023. So, until July 2024, 
even if you had an interchangeable product, it's really not going to make difference. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
And by which time, I think we will have the interchangeability label. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And this bAdalimumab launch which we are prepping for. So, in the current 
contracting cycle, how do you see your positioning so far in view of your 
discussion with payors, etc. So, once you ready to launch. So far, like how do 
you see your reach within this contracting cycle? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Maybe Matt, do you think you want to comment on that? 
Matthew Erick:  
Yes. Thank you for the question. Yeah, we are right where we need to be in our 
preparation. We are currently speaking to key payors and there are really four channels. 
In the ﬁrst channel, we are speaking to the payors and we're having great discussions 
as we look for the paying cycle starting in July.  
The next piece of this is we're having additional discussions as I mentioned getting out 
with physicians and understanding our product and two click as well as being citrate 
free, latex free all those key attributes, so they understand our product Hulio.  
The other facet here is that we're speaking to and we don't mention a lot but is key to 
this is the specialty pharmacies. So, we're starting those discussions with specialty 
pharmacies those are ones that send the product to patients and act, it's not really retail 
component, they act as that pharmacy to be able to get the products to the patient that 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 32 
 
 
the doctor has prescribed and then Shreehas had mentioned the other key channel is 
really the patient services. 
So how do we help the patient and help the physician through the process that they're 
used to from the innovator. All four of those will be standing up and as I said, we're 
having detailed discussions with key payors right now and our anticipation of our launch 
that will occur in July. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Thank you. My second question is on some of the launched biosimilars where 
you have gained notable market share as commented by Kiran ma'am in her 
opening remarks. So, I just want to understand how you see pricing scenario for 
these products? Although like we have gained market share, but what's your view 
on the pricing situation right now. 
Matthew Erick: 
So, would you like me to start and then jump in. Okay, great again, thanks for the 
question. We do see some of that deﬂation. But as far as to our models and our plan, 
they are aligned and as you look at the different channels the Medical side as well as 
the Pharmacy Beneﬁt side. On the Medical side, with Trastuzumab and Pegﬁlgrastim 
you're speaking about, we're seeing nice steady states in our average selling price and 
this has allowed us to continue to grow share as well as to be able to maintain that 
deﬂation that is occurring, that you have seen in the marketplace. 
Also, we have an extensive sales force, we're seeing great success in our commercial 
plans as well as our clinical side and I think that's attributed deﬁnitely to our sales force 
and the relationships we have in the understanding of our product in the pull-through. 
I feel we're in a very good spot based on our modeling and our plan and also being 
vertically integrated, we have the staying power, as well as the broadness of the 
portfolio. When we think about oncology and the products we have there, wherein we 
are in a good position to be able to compete. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So, you expect market share to go up further as you push more on the 
commercial efforts?  
Matthew Erick: 
We're seeing a nice trend and a continued upside in the market share and it's showing 
in the NRx’s and the TRx’s that you can see in the IQVIA data, we're making good 
progress. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, my last question is, what's your debt reduction goal? So obviously effort 
again is ongoing there, but anything say in next six months to one year, how 
much debt you want to reduce on your books? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
So, Damayanti if you will give us a little bit of time, we are in the process of raising this 
equity and we would like to share it with you once the process is complete. But 
needless to say, that we want debt at a very manageable and low level as much as we 
can get it to. So, let us share this data with you as soon as we complete the equity 
raise. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. Ma'am. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 32 
 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thanks, Damayanti. The next question is from Dhawal Bhalodia. Request to please 
identify your firm. 
Dhawal Bhalodia: 
Hello. Yes. Hello, good morning. I have two questions. The first question is, for 
most of our current biosimilar, market share has stuck around higher single digit 
to lower double digit, except for the Lantus biosimilar, so since we have now full 
control of sales and contracting. Is there anything we will be doing differently 
than what Viatris used to do, so we can increase our market share and 
penetration? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Matthew you want to answer this.  
Matthew Erick: 
I had a little hard time understanding.  
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
I think the question being asked is, are we going to do something different to what 
Viatris was doing in the market and get better market penetration. And the answer is 
yes, because, let me start by saying that we are looking at dedicated sales efforts for 
biosimilars. But I'll leave it to Matt to add to this. 
Matthew Erick: 
Yes. Kiran absolutely we are doing more and we're seeing the opportunities, particularly 
in additional customers in the conversation that we're having. As we mentioned in 
previous calls, a lot of this is that we have 100% focus and we have some great 
opportunities as we look at not only the payor side, but the retail pull-through, our ability 
to talk to physicians and the integration is going well and we will continue to see that 
progressing as well as being able to talk to new customers, especially as we look at the 
vertical integration that we have at Biocon Biologics. 
Dhawal Bhalodia: 
Okay, thank you. My second question is, since most of our new biosimilar like 
Avastin and Humira, we maybe the fourth or ﬁfth player in the market versus ﬁrst 
or second, in case of Neulasta and Herceptin. So, do we have any particular 
strategy since we are fourth or ﬁfth player to address to come with a particular 
strategy? 
And the second thing Humira has a wide use like it's a dermatological product, 
it’s a gastro product, it is an autoimmune disease product and most of our 
biosimilar product is only oncology, so we have the separate sales staff for 
Humira or any other thing that we are doing for them? 
Matthew Erick: 
Shreehas would you like me to start and then chime in?  
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes, sure. 
Matthew Erick: 
Great so let's start with our product Hulio. We are going to be in that what I would call 
the ﬁrst wave, Amgen did launch here over the last month or so, but in the ﬁrst wave as 
you know, there is no one going to be exclusive. So, we have a tremendous opportunity 
to be part of each one of those formularies. Each of the payors have said that they will 
have at least a biosimilar plus 1 or plus 2 and we'll be in that ﬁrst wave and have our 
plans to be able to participate and win with those payors. So being exactly a little bit 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 32 
 
 
later than Amgen is not in my opinion a hurdle because the way the payors have 
opened this up and we're well positioned to win these formulary positions. 
And then also as I mentioned, we're in a good position after winning the formulary with 
this sales force that we have, coming from Viatris and adding to it. We have that ability 
to pull through and then we also have a great understanding of the specialty pharmacy. 
The specialty pharmacy as I mentioned, is how the products are dispensed and then 
we're in the process of continuing to stand up and add additional patient services to 
what we're developing with Viatris to be able to have the patients, have those discounts 
co-pays or the ability for them to get additional services. 
So, we're in a good position with our Hulio product as Shreehas and Kiran also 
mentioned, we have history, a lot of our competition doesn't have history. We have 
global history and market leadership in Germany and France, and to be able to talk 
about it as well as our product that has a two click mechanism and is citrate free which 
won't cause any pain in the injection side.  
As it relates to, I believe you're asking about the oncology products. We are well 
established in our sales force, as well as our relationships with key physicians. So, as 
we launch products, even though we're not ﬁrst which ideally, we'd love to be ﬁrst we 
have the mechanism and the understanding of how that Medical Beneﬁt works and to 
be able to pull that through on the oncology side with our sales force, as well as our 
payor as well as our ASP understanding of how the industry works. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
And I might remind Mr. Bhalodia that Biocon was the company that received the ﬁrst US 
FDA approval for bTrastuzumab or biosimilar Herceptin. 
Dhawal Bhalodia: 
Yes, yes. Thank you so much. And all the best for the whole year. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you. We move on to Harith Ahamed from Spark Avendus. Please go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. You previously guided for US$ 1.8 
bn revenue for Biocon Biologics in FY24 and the US$ 500 million EBITDA. So, are 
we maintaining that guidance given there is some delay in the closure of the 
transaction with Serum? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yes, maybe Chini you would like to respond to this. But basically, I think we will be 
focused on these numbers that we have shared with the market and we will basically 
look at, as you know there have been delayed approvals of bAspart and bBevacizumab. 
We are also trying to catch up with that particular gap. But we are looking at how to 
basically stick to these numbers, of course this does include, as you know, US$ 300 
million of vaccine revenues, so I think we will be looking at all these numbers and 
making sure that we share with you, any changes to these numbers. 
There's also been an impact I think of the currency, parity between the dollar and euro 
and dollar and Yen. So, I think that also has impacted some of these numbers, but we 
are trying to see how close we can get to those numbers. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 32 
 
 
Harith Ahamed: 
Got it. My second question is on the R&D spend at Biocon Biologics speciﬁcally 
we've seen almost ₹100 Crores delta on a quarter-on-quarter basis and that's just 
a month of consolidation of the acquired business. So how should we think about 
the spend for next year. Do we still maintain that 12% to 15% of revenues 
guidance that we've given in the past on the much higher revenue base? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yes, I think that's what I meant by saying that we will see normalization because this 
quarter you’ve only seen the impact of a month’s contribution from the Viatris business. 
But going forward, we expect to basically normalize R&D spends to that sort 12% to 
15% levels. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thank you. And last one with your permission, there is an increase in the share of 
loss from JVs and associates and we were under the impression that given we 
had lowered the stake in Bicara, this number would be trending down. We've 
seen an increase on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So how should we think about 
this number going forward, is this a one-off quarter for that particular line item? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
I wouldn't call it as a one-off, our shareholding is down to 53.5% and the expenses of 
Bicara has gone up as they are in middle of clinical trial and of course the advancement 
of the lead program and we do expect over the next few months further fund raise by 
Bicara which would further dilute our stake, but on an absolute number, which we are 
treating as a loss from associate shouldn’t materially change because as they progress 
in clinic, the expenses would go up. They're also spending money on their follow-on 
pipeline. Of course, that said, at very early stages the expenses will not be signiﬁcant 
but just from your model perspective, I do expect something in the similar range over 
the next few quarters. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Got it. That's all from my side. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Harith. Next question is from Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. 
Surya Patra:  
Yeah, thanks for this opportunity. First question or rather couple of questions to 
understand better the integration of Viatris operation. So, in fact see what we 
believe that okay with this acquisition of Viatris biosimilar operation, we have 
seen vertical integration and theoretically, that should have supported gross 
margin sequentially. But we are not seeing any change this quarter, although this 
is not a reﬂection of a full quarter performance of the acquired operations. But is 
it fair to believe that the gross margin should see a kind of sequential up move 
post integration? That is one.  
Secondly wanted to understand a bit more on the distribution charges, what we 
are paying to Mylan, in which line item that is getting captured whether it is.  
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
You are muted. 
Surya Patra: 
Yeah, so, okay. Sorry for that. Then I'll repeat my question, so about the 
integration some clarity I wanted. So theoretically, with the acquisition of the 
Viatris operation that provides more integrated activity now and hence the gross 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 32 
 
 
margins should have seen sequential improvement, but this quarter we are not 
seeing anything like that, it is slightly lower sequentially. 
So, can you give some clarity about that, should we see and expect a sequential 
improvement in the gross margins after the integration? 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Kiran, can I take that? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Yeah, please. 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Surya, just to clarify gross margin, you mean net of material costs or the core EBITDA, 
which is net of all operating costs? 
Surya Patra: 
No, net of material cost. 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Yeah. Net of material cost at the BBL level, we have seen that improvement this 
quarter, improved by 2 percentage points over the same quarter last year. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay, so then possibly at the Biocon consolidated level, it would be pricing 
challenges or whatever that we would be seeing that could be one reason is that 
understanding, correct? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Siddharth, you want to take this? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Maybe Indranil, you can just explain. 
Indranil Sen: 
It is not so much of pricing, but it's also about product mix. So, we will see a quarter on 
quarter  ﬂux because of product mix. This should normalize going forward. 
M.B. Chinappa: 
And just some comments, we really look at the core EBITDA performance, not so much 
around gross margins, so Biocon Biologics is at 44%, improvement over last quarter. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. So now practically including the R&D spend. Why, because that is an 
integral part of our business and in the next couple of your time, we are likely to 
see an upward move only, absolute upward number in terms of R&D spend. So, 
the overall margin proﬁle of Biocon Biologics, how should we see considering 
also the integration of the acquired operations? 
M.B. Chinappa: 
The SG&A cost that could come through post-acquisition. So, the full effect of the 
SG&A cost is absorbed when we report a core EBITDA and as I indicated, we are now 
trending above 40% this quarter and the previous quarter. 
So, we see the overall SG&A cost to be comfortably positioned. As Kiran did mention 
that we're looking at bringing R&D costs down to about 12%. So, you would see 
EBITDA now then trending towards the high 20s nearing 30s, from a margin proﬁle, if 
that was your question. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Yeah. 
M.B. Chinappa: 
So that's an improvement as you can see. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 32 
 
 
Surya Patra: 
Okay, just last question, let's say for the biosimilar business, so obviously the 
key product opportunities what we are having for let's say for FY'24 is Beva, 
Aspart, Adalimumab, rh Insulin. So how should we think given the kind of 
timeline that is there and the regulatory clearance that we are waiting for. So, in 
the contractual cycle also that is considering all that, whether these are 
considered to be the real FY'25 triggers for us to grow? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
So, let me answer you Surya by saying that FY '24 certainly is going to be focused on 
the successful Adalimumab launch and I think we are also looking to see how much we 
can grow our existing products like Glargine, Trastuzumab and Pegﬁlgrastim in the US, 
but also we are focused on making sure that we focus on Europe for all the products 
that are approved there. As you know, in Europe we have all products approved, in fact 
we have seven products approved in Europe, of which the real focus up until now has 
been not all seven. So, we are looking at seeing how we can basically leverage and add 
to the business in terms of all products in Europe. 
So I think that's the way we look at the FY '24 and of course we are hoping that Aspart 
and Bevacizumab will also be approved this calendar year, in which case, obviously 
there is some contribution to the FY '24 growth but FY '25 growth will see all these 
products contributing to strong growth. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. So, just one on the pipeline front, what is our now progress on the 
Aﬂibercept area and what is the timeline that we are expecting given the kind of 
regulatory progress and our preparedness and our positioning compared to 
competition, that front? And also, brieﬂy on the generic business front, although 
this year we will possibly, likely to see a couple of greenﬁeld projects 
contributing but in terms of the growth visibility for that segment, how should 
one really build into the model? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
Shreehas, you want to take this? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yeah, sure. Thanks Kiran. On the Aﬂibercept asset, Surya as you know we've exercised 
the option when we acquired the asset from Viatris. So, it's a ﬁrst to ﬁle asset, it's 
undergone review with the FDA and at this stage, we are currently in litigation with the 
originator of that product. So clearly that's in the public domain. It's going through that 
entire patent dance cycle, so we will not comment on the proceedings beyond what's in 
the public domain. So clearly that's an area where we are leading that effort directly. We 
believe Aﬂibercept is a sizable opportunity, gets us into the ophthalmology space and 
we can talk to you more about how we're going about doing it, but we believe that it 
would be a nice area for us to build on. Being the ﬁrst to ﬁle does give us the 
opportunity to look at such a sizable asset of almost US$ 10 billion in revenues. So, this 
could be something, which can really be another game changer for us going forward. 
So, we are really focused on developing that. 
On the second question that you asked. I'll turn it over to Sid to respond. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 32 
 
 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Thanks, Shreehas. Surya, so I think Kiran mentioned in her opening remarks that our 
immunosuppressants facility is undergoing qualiﬁcation, also the peptide facility is 
undergoing qualiﬁcation and we expect the qualiﬁcation to complete in ﬁrst half of next 
ﬁscal, following which we will of course ﬁle with the FDA to include those sites in our 
DMF and it would take some time, because we expect FDA to come and inspect these 
facilities. So, the revenues from these facilities are not expected to commence until 
FY25. 
However, the growth will come from the other products what we have already 
commercialized, some of the new launches which we're expecting in the US. I'm talking 
about the generic formulation launches and also additional capacities in our existing 
facilities that we had increased in the last 12 to 24 months which will drive volume 
increase for our API business. So, combination of new launches, increased contracts 
that we've seen recently for statins and immunosuppressants in the US and increased 
API should drive the mid teen growth for the next couple of years.  
Surya Patra: 
Yes, thank you wish you all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thanks, Surya. Our next question is from Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Hi, thank you for taking my question and good morning, everyone. Just the ﬁrst 
one on the billion-dollar run rate again, Chini if you could kind of break it down 
into developed markets and emerging markets. I remember historically I think 
emerging market did about ₹240 million for us so just where it is tracking now in 
that ₹1 billion number? 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Of course, so even from the Viatris biosimilars’ acquisition, we will have emerging 
markets in there so directionally as you look forward 70% of our revenues will come 
from developed and 30% from emerging markets. That was part of your question. Now 
if you're going back to the building blocks for the $1 billion and from thereon, so in, in 
the $1 billion roughly have about 25% in the emerging markets. But as we look ahead, 
you will start to see advanced markets pickup to 70% and emerging markets at 30%. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. You seem to suggest that the emerging markets will grow faster right, , did 
I get those numbers wrong? 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Yeah. Okay, so take Viatris business that up to last quarter, we were roughly 50:50, 
next quarter as we get to ₹2000 Crores, we will actually go to 75:25 with advanced 
markets. But as we build on the emerging markets will ﬁnally come back at 70:30. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. And Chini, when we look at the margins for these two segments is that 
different or you don't calculate it that way given the infrastructure could be 
common, so just help us understand does making, splitting this based on these 
two geographical spreads, does it make sense or it's one large monolithic that we 
need to actually look at it. 
M.B. Chinappa:  
From an operating cost structure it is one large monolith because our manufacturing 
plants supply both the emerging markets and the advanced markets. From SG&A point 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 32 
 
 
of view, the Viatris acquisition will increase our SG&A cost, which is pertaining to the 
advanced markets, whereas we would expect advanced markets has a higher revenue 
proﬁle and with margin and pricing, effectively a higher margin. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Helpful Chini. My second question is to Shreehas. I think you brieﬂy touched 
upon Hulio interchangeability but what about Rezvoglar right, in which Lilly I 
think has got an approval recently. I think your exclusivity ends in December, if I 
recollect right but correct me. So, do you expect 13%, 14% NRx share, are we still 
on track to do the high- teens market share by the end of this calendar year. Is 
there any competitive activity even beyond Lilly that you think we need to be 
monitoring? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Thanks, Shyam. I think let's ﬁrst look at where this is coming from. I think this whole 
question on interchangeability was about breaking that myth about being able to not just 
have a biosimilar product but given that insulin is a chronic therapy, can the patient who 
is receiving the dose, using our innovative product, get the same numbers or would 
there be a difference and could it be used exactly interchangeably. 
So I think that entire effort was to go past that hurdle and break the myth that there is 
any concern at all about this and I think FDA themselves called it a historic moment in 
how it approved Biocon Biologics’ Semglee as the ﬁrst interchangeable product, so it 
needs to be viewed in that lens first. Shyam to say that, why was it needed at that point 
in time to put to rest all arguments that not only is it a biosimilar but it can be used 
interchangeably whatever it is, that has been described, you can switch it or stop it at 
the pharmacy level and you will get the same therapeutic effect. I think that is what we 
achieved over the course of calendar 2022.  
Before we got the interchangeable insulin, of course, there was Basaglar in the market 
and there was this increased market share that they had got vis-a-vis Lantus and that 
was there in the public domain. The question was about whether Biocon Biologics and 
Viatris when we brought our product to do that. We were able to successfully 
demonstrate that even going past the regulatory hurdle of being an interchangeable 
biosimilar and the ﬁrst one at that.  
Going forward, what we really see, and you're seeing that in the indices that you 
mentioned, which is the NRxs, we are already trending towards 14% and thereabouts 
clearly indicates the acceptance of the product and now you will of course expect 
competitor action, you would also expect some innovator action, but from here on its 
laid to rest the argument about eﬃcacy, about the overall effectiveness immunogenicity, 
all of that is behind you and now it's a level playing ﬁeld to go and win the market share. 
So clearly 2023 is about building on all of this and seeing how we can not only grow 
market shares, get the pull throughs that Matt talked about in existing formularies but 
also win more accounts to see that we grow that conﬁdence beyond what we have got.  
So, I hope that gives you a perspective of how we are approaching Glargine overall. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Got it. Thank you. And my just last question.  

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 32 
 
 
M.B. Chinappa: 
Sorry. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
Yes, Chini. Go ahead.  
M.B. Chinappa:  
Wrongly classiﬁed certain markets particularly Germany, Japan, Australia, New Zealand 
and Canada so if I really look at it, today we are roughly between 60% to 65% 
advanced markets and that would go towards the 70%-75% particularly with Adali 
launched and the launch of the new molecules. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
That's helpful. Actually, last question to Siddharth quickly, if I may, the 
conﬁdence for mid-teens growth, I think, and maybe I clarify here, we are only 
talking mid-teens growth for generics right, because every other segment I think 
Syngene has their own guidance, I'm assuming Biocon Biologics has its own 
guidance looks like. So, the mid-teens are you referring to only Generics? That is 
question number one  
And two, what has given us the conﬁdence for this mid-teen’s growth. I know this 
quarter we have done 18%. We have grown QoQ also. But has there, but you 
mentioned in your opening remarks about even generic pricing pressure. So, 
what's changed that has given us a little bit better visibility. Is it just a launch 
momentum from our products? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Yes, so it's correct that the mid-teen growth is only for the Generics business and the 
conﬁdence is basis two things as I mentioned, one is we have already got certain 
additional volumes in the US for the formulations we have launched, and we are going 
to launch additional products in the coming ﬁscal. 
We do have a couple of important launches coming up later part of this ﬁscal itself. We 
know that Generic teriﬂunomide, which is the first to launch opportunity even though it's 
a competitive market with many players, but we are going to be one amongst others. 
And we do have a few other ﬁlings which were done where we are awaiting FDA 
approval in the next ﬁscal. So that would drive growth in the US, but yes, I did mention 
the pricing pressure does continue. We have seen normalization of pricing pressure 
more recently with some disruption in the US and supply chain caused by some of 
these facility issues from other Indian companies. So, what was a steeper price erosion 
last year, we're seeing normalizing trend and I also mentioned that we are expecting 
additional volumes to come in from our API business where we had expanded 
capacities in our existing facilities, and there were couple of again important molecules 
which were launched by our partners in Europe, speciﬁcally the latter half of this 
calendar year 22 and that will drive additional volumes in ﬁscal 24. 
Shyam Srinivasan:  
And thank you Siddharth and all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thanks, Shyam. Next question is from Nithya from Bernstein. 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  Thank you. So, on Aﬂibercept, can you tell us what your TAD date is? Because 
Viatris had communicated that, it's more than three quarters since you said they 
ﬁled the product. Second would you have already worked with the regulatory 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 22 of 32 
 
 
agency to ask for a switching study label for this product. Obviously on the back 
of what happened with the Lucentis biosimilar.  
Shreehas Tambe: 
Just a quick thing I didn't follow the second question very well, but the ﬁrst one. Given 
that Viatris is the ﬁrst to ﬁle, market formation will not be just linked to patent expiry on 
the molecule, but also the data exclusivity, so that runs beyond the patent expiry into 
2024. So, we will be watching that date and that would be the date that the FDA can 
grant approval, so technically they can't grant an approval until the end of data 
exclusivity. 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  Understood. So, my second question was Coherus was actually able to get 
interchangeability for their Lucentis biosimilar on the back of immune privilege 
argument, have you also made a similar request to the FDA or is this something 
you will do later just touching on that. 
Shreehas Tambe:  
I think they will grant us that. For competitive reasons, we would not want to share that 
discussion right now but clearly Lucentis is a precedent for most companies to follow at 
this stage. 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  All right. So, one on Adalimumab, Shreehas. I think interchangeability has 
actually made a difference. It's made a difference for you and bGlargine, it's 
making a difference for Coherus in Ranibizumab even though it's a medical 
beneﬁt product. So, I'm just surprised with your commentary that you don't see 
that as an important factor. But come let's say July 2024 you will have, there are 
at least four of your competitors who are going after interchangeability for the 
80mg version. So, in that scenario, how do you see a 40 mg product is being 
competitive? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
Fair question and we could argue it in several different ways. First thing I will point you 
to the success that we've enjoyed, and I’ll be limited right now for Adalimumab in 
Europe where we've seen success, regardless of whether you had or didn't have 
interchangeability. So that's one point just to look at. 
The next thing to see and classify the US market, also for Adalimumab, you're seeing 
the ﬁrst product being put on the formulary does not have interchangeability clearly not 
a condition precedent to being listed on the formulary. So that is the second piece that I 
would point you to. 
Point number 3, you would have almost ﬁve of us launching on, I would say, effectively 
the second wave of launch or the ﬁrst wave of real launch after the ﬁrst innovator, so 
not everyone and actually other than one company will have, interchangeability and 
almost every payor in the US has publicly stated that they would have at least an n of 
two or if not an n of three which means the signal is that it's important to have, it’s nice 
to have an interchangeable product, certainly, it gives you the advantage nobody is 
saying you shouldn't have it. But it's not going to be the sole determinant of commercial 
success and that was the context to my comment if it led you to believe anything 
different then I would like to correct myself. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 23 of 32 
 
 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  Just a follow-up on the fact that formularies are actually not restricted and they're 
fairly open in terms of the number of biosimilars they're adding so if, let's say, 
there are two or three biosimilars at parity with Humira, which is a sense you are 
getting from some of the peers commentary. Then does your commercial muscle 
therefore become more important? If there are two biosimilars and Humira at the 
same out of pocket expense level, what will help you differentiate? 
Shreehas Tambe:  
I'll let Matt respond to this in a little more detail, because I think there's a lot of questions 
around this, but I think the ﬁrst piece is what gets you to the table is price, 
interchangeability, as we discussed just now is something which is nice to have. But 
what will really determine success and pulls through is going to be the device that you 
have and whether it is the citrate free, latex free product that will reduce injectable side 
reactions and how are you going to be able to provide patient services so that you do 
not have a push back from the patient or prescribers that they're not comfortable given 
that they've got so many options now. I'll let Matt talk about the specialty pharmacy 
piece because given that you've got so many options in the US now there is an 
opportunity that you can get subbed even if you were to get prescribed. Maybe Matt, 
you can comment and give Nithya a little more color, on this. 
Matthew Erick:  
Yeah Shreehas, you explained it very well. I'll just add a few other key attributes to that. 
One thing to remember, interchangeability is only to the innovator and we're watching 
very closely how that shapes up and you are correct in your comments that it is an 
important piece of the commercial side to be able to have those relationships, have the 
doctor understand the product itself and what we have in our Hulio product when they 
write their name of Hulio on there, it's in a great position for us. I don't want to 
underestimate, there is a lot that we have to understand which we are. And there is a 
key component of this and that’s a little different than what we've seen prior, and that is 
the specialty pharmacy. And so, there are relationships that we are growing, 
establishing, and understanding the economics there as well, so we're not subbed at 
the specialty pharmacy level.  
So, I'll reiterate the four key components of winning in Hulio is deﬁnitely getting the 
economics right on the payor side, understanding the ability for the sales force to create 
those relationships, have the physicians and patients get comfortable with our Hulio 
product in the two clicks. And the other attribute thirdly, is to making sure we 
understand, develop and continue to work with specialty pharmacy and at the end of 
this, if you aren't standing up, which we are, the right patient services to support the 
physician as well as the patient. Then we'll see if people fall down and as we go through 
these, we have a great understanding, especially with what Viatris has already built. 
And we're adding to that for that growth to be able to be very competitive, whether it's 
interchangeable or not interchangeable as we think of the different channels that we 
have to be successful. 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  One last quick one, if I may, on the SII deal, I think your guidance was US$ 300 
million revenues. And that was in the context of COVID vaccines at US$ 3 to US$ 
4 pricing. Now we know that the COVID vaccine demand has come off so I'm 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 24 of 32 
 
 
assuming you will be selling a different set of products, that being the case, does 
the margin guidance of 35% EBITDA still stand on the ₹300 million revenue? 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw:  
Well, that is the agreement that we have, Nithya. So, I don't think there will be any 
change to this. 
Nithya Balasubramanian:  Got it. Thank you so much. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thank you, Nithya. Next in line is Sameer Baisiwala from Morgan Stanley. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Thank you and good morning, everyone. Siddharth, can you talk about your 
positioning on Liraglutide in the US market and second is where do you see the 
market formation in both the US and Europe? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
Thanks, Sameer, I think, a very good question and I would like to ﬁrst emphasize our 
focus on peptides as a company. We see a huge opportunity in peptide I mean today 
the peptide market is growing to US$ 15 bn in sales globally and we expect by 2035 this 
to be a US$ 60 bn opportunity in sales and just I'm talking about three or four key 
peptides whether its Semaglutide, Liraglutide or Tirzapetide and we are very uniquely 
positioned. We have already done the ﬁling in the US, we have received our comments 
from the FDA, and we are working on addressing the questions that FDA has and we 
expect to hear back from FDA soon.  
But the market formation as it's publicly known, there are couple of settlements for 
launch in the US for Victoza, which is the diabetes indication. There has been no 
settlement yet, for Saxenda, which is for weight loss and growing steadily. But from 
whatever at least is available in public domain, we have heard that the launch is 
expected in the end of 2024/early 2025. We are still under litigation with Novo Nordisk, 
so Biocon has not yet settled but we expect to be in the market as mentioned, end of 
Calendar 2024/early 2025. 
Now from a competitive positioning perspective, we have seen couple of other generic 
companies ﬁle this drug starting with 2016 and there have been couple of ﬁlings in late 
2018-2019 and 2021 and none of the competitors have received approval and we 
believe that we are very well positioned with the scientiﬁc data that we have provided to 
the FDA. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, great. And you have ﬁled for both Victoza and Saxenda? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
That's correct. We have ﬁled for both Victoza and Saxenda. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
And what is the market formation date in Europe? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
Europe is around the same time period, end 2024/early 2025. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
And broadly for other peptides, have you done the filings or what would be the 
ﬂow as we go forward. 
Siddharth Mittal:  
So Semaglutide which is the follow-on molecule for Liraglutide is under development. 
We're of course late to be in NCE minus one ﬁler but we do expect to ﬁle in time to be in 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 25 of 32 
 
 
the market in 181 day or Semaglutide. Of course, there are three different formulations 
for Semaglutide with the market opening up, starting in ‘29-30 and the market for some 
of the formulations is going as late as ‘32. The other drug that we are working on and 
again at different stages of development is Tirzepatide, as we know this is expected to 
be contributing almost 25 to 30 billion in sales and we are targeting to ﬁle this product 
as a day 1 on NCE minus one day. So, there's a lot of effort going on. We have a very 
robust pipeline of peptides, I just discussed three. but we have a pipeline of peptide, 
which is more than 10 numbers and that's again at different stages of development.  
And we are adding incremental capacities to our peptide API manufacturing facilities. 
So what we mentioned at the beginning of the call, the large volume peptides facilities 
commissioned and validation is going to start and we are already looking at doubling 
the capacity of that facility in the next 12 months because we see a huge opportunity in 
the volume growing globally for peptides. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Great. And have you filed any other peptide other than Lira? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
Not yet. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
And you would be doing third party API sales as well and I think that could be a 
big opportunity. 
Siddharth Mittal:  
Yes, that would be a huge opportunity. In fact, we have seen some of the early ﬁlers in 
the US, they had got API from that peptide specialist companies and the main concern 
that FDA had was on the characterization of the API and the quality of the data that 
supported the API. And we've been in discussions with some of these ﬁlers to qualify 
our API source in their ﬁle and we have seen very encouraging results, when they have, 
we have supplied them quantity to help them with the analysis and they, of course, have 
a comparison of our API with the other API and we feel we're very well positioned in 
terms of the quality of our API. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Sorry. Have you crossed that bar with FDA with your API? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
We have received comments from FDA asking certain questions on our API. We are in 
the process of addressing those questions. And we think every, most of the questions 
are addressable. We do not see any showstopper in our API quality in terms of the 
questions that FDA has asked. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay, great, thank you so much. One ﬁnal from my side it's on BBL, Kiran, what's 
the plan for private equity raise. I think you did mention a bit about it, but 
anything concrete over there and the subsequent IPO that you were thinking of. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw:  
So obviously, we are in advanced discussions with private equity investors and as I 
mentioned, we will be sharing that information with you, with more clarity and granularity 
when we are close to signing up because I think it's not right of me to really talk about 
that at this stage, but suﬃce to say that we are in advanced discussions for equity raise 
to lower the acquisition debt. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 26 of 32 
 
 
The other point is that as far as the IPO is concerned, we are obviously focused on the 
right timing of the IPO, and it will be based on a number of triggers. So, we will be 
looking at some of these triggers in terms of either product approvals, market 
performance and those will really determine the timing of the IPO, because the moment 
we start seeing a robust growth, I think that is the time for us to go to the market. 
And in any case, Sameer, as you know, we do need to go through the integration 
process before we can initiate any IPO activity. So, I think from that point of view, I 
would like to focus on integration and then start the IPO preparations immediately 
thereafter.  
Sameer Baisiwala:  
So, it looks like 18 months or thereabouts. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw:  
It could be sooner but deﬁnitely not earlier than 12 months. 
Sameer Baisiwala:  
Okay and Kiran if I may, the valuation benchmark which have been set for BBL 
based on the previous rounds of private equity and the conversion for Viatris, 
those stand, that is a benchmark for the new rounds of infusions. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw:  
Well, what I would like to comment is to say that deﬁnitely the IPO valuation stands as 
has been discussed for the Viatris transaction that absolutely stands and we will be 
raising funding based on how things play out in the market. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, great, thank you so much. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thanks, Sameer. Next is Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Shreehas, could you give us some color on 
the ﬁling timeline for Ustekinumab, Denosumab and Pertuzumab since we have 
just started trials for that one too?  
Shreehas Tambe:  
Sure, Neha. So, we are right now in Phase I / Phase III trial for Ustekinumab, we have 
guided earlier that end 2023, we should be able to get to ﬁling. For Denosumab, we 
have got Prolia and XGEVA we are again doing combined Phase I and III trials, we're 
looking at end 2024 ﬁling for Denosumab and since you asked about Pertuzumab, we 
just announced that we've gotten into the clinic for a Phase I study that we've started 
with that asset. And as we progress more into that we will be able to give you more 
clarity on the ﬁling dates. 
Neha Manpuria:  
And on the emerging market piece. Based on the 35-40% that that's contributing 
currently. What's the expectation of growth given the amount of launches for 
Trastu and the insulin portfolio that we're making there, would the emerging 
market piece including the Viatris portfolio grow mid-teens, high teens. What is 
the expectation there? Not emerging market ROW ex-US-Europe rather. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Susheel, do you want to comment on that? 
Susheel Umesh: 
Yes sure. Along with Viatris, with both of us put together the growth would be in the 
range, which you have mentioned. Overall, the good thing should happen right now is 
between both of us. In the past, Viatris and us we had strengths in different areas, we 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 27 of 32 
 
 
were stronger in the partner-driven insulin market area and Viatris is very strong with its 
Trastu and Beva portfolio and they also had feet on the ground in different markets. So, 
both together, I believe that the growth will be quite signiﬁcant in the emerging countries 
and we will continue to do well as we are doing. The key focus of the emerging 
countries will remain what it always has been, we want to create access in more 
number of countries and we want to go deeper in the countries where we're already 
present. So, I think with the Viatris portfolio and the existing portfolio that we have the 
growth will be around the numbers which you mentioned. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So just to add to what Susheel said Neha, we continue to see signiﬁcant growth in the, 
in what we have called as the BBL markets in the past where we were structured prior 
to the closure of the acquisition, and that trend continues. It of course gets better with 
the Viatris additions to the markets that we've been leading so far. But the question if 
you were to now look at what has become, Biocon Biologics now has a sizeable pie 
which has a larger contribution from advanced markets than we had before. So, as a 
percentage you may see that change, but in terms of on a standalone basis, these 
markets will continue to show growth. 
Neha Manpuria:  
And last question on Pegﬁlgrastim, with one of our competitive biosimilars likely 
to see the on-body injector launch sometime in the course of the year, does that 
impact our ability to take incremental market share. Do you see some of the 
biosimilars probably shifting to the on-body injector along with the innovator 
shift? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
See Pegﬁlgrastim US has been a very different market. Innovator action has been 
unique where we've seen the very aggressive pricing behavior on behalf of the 
originator. So that's one aspect. So, it's a very different dynamic that we're seeing there. 
We also had said in the past that given the pandemic, which was an unexpected and 
unprecedented event, the on-body injector held on to a market share which was 
disproportional for a period of time, it even went up beyond 56-57%. We are now seeing 
that come off to about 45% or lower than that. So, you're clearly seeing that it's certainly 
a nice to have, the originator continues to hold that market share that you referred to 
just now, competition is likely to eat into that market share, but we will also release 
more into the syringe opportunity, which we believe will be for us to look at. 
Some of the indicators that you would see from the recent market information that have 
come in, is many of these market shares that have been lost by players who had 
discounted aggressively, who had gone for market share. We are seeing that pickup in 
Biocon Biologics now. So, we will see a steady increase because we've always looked 
at holding onto a value maximized opportunity, rather than just chasing market shares, 
which always quote ASPs versus market shares at loggerheads and we've always 
played that balancing act. We'll continue to do that. 
Neha Manpuria:  
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thank you Neha. We'll take Nihal next. 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 28 of 32 
 
 
Nihal:  
Hello. Good morning, everyone. Actually, I want to speak in Hindi, so everyone 
can understand. I have been invested in this company for past one year. The 
share price has dropped from ₹400 to close to ₹230 and has been continuously 
dropping. Even today, the stock price has been moving around 52-week low. So, 
what is the plan? Should we invest? Should we not invest? Because we 
shareholders are incurring too much losses.  
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
You are seeing the way Biocon is becoming stronger. But there is little we can do when 
it comes to the share price. We will continue to focus on business delivery and business 
growth. The large acquisition should help the shareholders understand our growth 
trajectory to becoming a global player. We are working really hard to grow our business 
and drive success. But investors should also have faith in our capability, that what we 
are doing will be beneficial for India and the world as a whole. I would like to know 
which other companies are doing what we are doing. How many companies are 
manufacturing insulin? How many companies are manufacturing world class 
biosimilars? So, we have been able to achieve all of this with a lot of hard work. Our 
vision is to provide medicines that are accessible and affordable to the masses. But 
investors also need to have faith. 
Nihal: 
What you are saying is absolutely right. But there has to be a way out, because 
the share price is on a continuous downward trend. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
But there is nothing I can do about it. All I can do is work hard. As you can see, we have 
reported a revenue growth of 36%, we also mentioned the exit trajectory of US$ 1 bn for 
Biologics and all our other businesses are performing really well both generics and 
research services. I’m not able to figure out the reason behind the drop as we are doing 
everything possible for the growth of the company.  
Nihal: 
I salute you for the kind of work you are doing. I hope, post your commentary 
today, Biocon’s price shows a good upward move.  
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: 
We are putting efforts in building the leadership team and making sure people see our 
efforts. Our medicines are benefitting so many people across the world. And in India, 
our company is one of its kind and unique. I hope the investors understand our 
business and start supporting us in our journey.  
Nihal: 
I hope this positive commentary helps in increasing the share price. Thank you. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thank you, Nihal. We have a follow up from Cyndrella from JMFL. 
Cyndrella Carvalho:  
Thanks for the follow-up, Siddarth this is for you. You helped us understand the 
pipeline, especially on the peptide side. I want to understand the commentary on 
the proﬁtability, EBITDA margin side, how should we look at it and what is the, if 
any guidance that you can provide on the EBITDA side. We have seen some 
sequential improvement in this business. However, the formulation business in 
US still has a lot of pricing challenges. So, what is your view on that?  

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 29 of 32 
 
 
And just one more addition to that is the newer facilities which are 
commissioning, how much of OpEx and depreciation it will add to our P&L over 
there and is it something signiﬁcant that we need to consider? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
So, I think, let me answer your second question ﬁrst. The new facilities will be 
capitalized once we received approvals from the FDA, which is expected in FY '25. So, I 
do not expect any signiﬁcant impact in FY '24 from these large facilities or OpEx coming 
in. I think I'll be in a better position to quantify and give timelines, I think as we move 
along, in a few quarters.  
In terms of the ﬁrst question of course, of course the pipeline, we are making good 
progress, we do see the pricing impact. Our core EBITDA margins were in the range of 
21% to 22% for the Generics business and we are investing, roughly 8% to 9% of 
revenues in R&D. So that reduces the EBITDA to anywhere around 14%, 15% and the 
PBT which we reported is around 10%-11%. I do expect the margins to continue at 
these levels. Of course, the margins are also dependent on the product mix we supply 
to our customers so, we've had few higher very proﬁtable products which were supplied 
to our customers in Q3. So, for example, Fidaxomicin which we supplied to Merck or 
Tacrolimus which we supplied to some of our customers in the US, so we had seen a 
good product mix in quarter three. But going forward, of course, these could be lumpy in 
some quarters there might be no delivery of higher proﬁtable products. So, we would 
see a ﬂuctuation, but on a long-term basis, I would still say that we will till we get one of 
these blockbuster peptides, we will expect the margins to continue in the same range. 
Cyndrella Carvalho:  
That's very helpful and coming to just a conﬁrmation on Serum, whenever the 
transaction is clear from the regulatory aspect, we will be able to see the booking 
from 1st October 2022, is that understanding, correct. 
Siddharth Mittal:  
That's correct. The effective date would be October 1.  
Cyndrella Carvalho:  
Yeah. And as ma'am highlighted the tracking of US$ 300 million is as per the 
agreement that is also clearly understood right? 
Siddharth Mittal:  
Yes 
Cyndrella Carvalho:  
Any additional CapEx on both the sites that we are seeing, because I see from 
our Generic business side, you have highlighted we may need to double peptide 
but any CapEx that you would like to give a number on that? And on the 
additional site in terms of Malaysia, do we see the second phase beginning or 
what is the status there from a CapEx perspective? That's it from me. 
Siddharth Mittal:  
So, Generics I expect CapEx to be around ₹700 to ₹800 Crores per year, which 
includes the incremental capacities on our non-immunosuppressants fermentation 
plants, peptides, as well as the injectable facilities that we're building, and that should 
continue for the next one to two years. Over to Chini for Malaysia.  

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Call 
Page 30 of 32 
 
 
M.B. Chinappa:  
We have given guidance of ₹100 to ₹150 million CapEx per annum. This year we have 
spent ₹70 million. Most of the spend this year and next year is towards the Malaysia 
Phase II expansion. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you so much. And thank you everyone all the best. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
Thanks, Cyndrella. We will take the last question from Utsav Jaipuria. Please go ahead. 
Utsav Jaipuria:  
Yeah, hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my question was on the Syngene stake. 
Are there any plans for further dilution in the future? 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Not in the future. We are down to 54.9% but we do not have any plans. 
Utsav Jaipuria:  
Okay, thanks. 
Saurabh Paliwal:  
That was the last question for this earnings call. I thank, everyone for joining us today. If 
you need any further assistance or clariﬁcations, please do reach out to us. Have a 
good rest of the day. Thank you. 
 
- 
Ends    - 
 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability. 
 
