 
 
     May 9, 2023 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500770 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -  400 051 
Symbol: TATACHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2023 
 
Further to our letter dated April 21, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analysts/Investors Call on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of Tata 
Chemicals Limited for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 held on Thursday, May 4, 2023. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.tatachemicals.com/investors/financial-reports. 
  
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Chandan 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV M 
CHANDA
N
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV M 
CHANDAN 
Date: 2023.05.09 
13:59:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
Tata Chemicals Limited 
Q4FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 04, 2023 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata Chemicals Limited Q4FY23 
Earnings Conference Call.   Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India.   
Gavin Desa: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Tata Chemicals Q4 and FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. R. Mukundan – Managing 
Director and CEO, Mr. Zarir Langrana – Executive Director, and Mr. Nandakumar 
Tirumalai – Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. 
I now invite Mr. Mukundan to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, Mr. 
Mukundan. 
R. Mukundan:
Good day and welcome everyone for our Q4FY23 earnings call. I am joined by my 
colleagues, Zarir and Nandu for today’s call. I will start the discussion with key 
operational highlights across businesses and geographies following which Nandu 
will walk through the financial performance for the year. 
We have ended the year on a strong note as can be seen from the results. Revenue 
and profitability have registered healthy growth. And more importantly this has been 
a healthy growth in all our geographies compared to previous year. 
Performance was largely in line with what we had expected in the soda ash market. 
We expect in the medium term the balance to be continuing in the soda ash market 
especially because of the continued demand, and start of various plants and 
operations both in India, around the world. Our focus is on timely execution of our 
projects and efficient cost management. 
Business Geography wise 
Starting with China, we are very enthused by the strong reopening of China. And this 
has led to tightening of dense ash within China and inventories remain low in the 
dense ash sector because of high demand from the glass including container glass 
sector. 

Page 2 of 14 
U.S. continues to register strong demand from all parts of the world. And as can be 
seen, the contracts which we had mentioned last time have started taking effect, 
and would continue to hold in terms of margin expansion in U.S. 
UK, as we mentioned last time, will move to fixed margin from Q1 of 23-24 the effect 
of that fixed margin would be fully seen by Q2. And that will continue to hold good 
because that protects the Company from gyrations arising out of the risk of gas 
prices. 
Kenya and India serve almost similar markets i.e., Indian market as well as the 
nearby markets. We expect a few trends to continue. As you know we have taken 
price corrections during the current quarter and also in November 2022. This was 
mainly to avoid discounting in the market and make sure our list price was aligned 
with the pricing levels prevalent in the market. But as we move through the year 
going forward, while the prices will remain more or less flat, our view is the costs will 
start to moderate within India. So, going forward beyond Q2, we do believe that the 
margin would go back to previous levels. 
Just as a reminder, our contribution in this business used to be at the level of the 
percentage which we had gained in the margin structure We will be able to go back 
to the old margin gains which we had prior to the high increase in cost, which is 
trending to moderate now at a constant price. 
So, the way we see the markets going forward, it will be that the U.S. would continue 
to lead in terms of both margins and volume for us. And that is expected to marginally 
improve and then in fact hold right through the year. UK would moderate to fixed 
margin. Kenya and India would hold flat at the current margin and start to improve 
from Q2 once our cost structures come down, because we contract for coal to build 
our coal stocks to run for about four to six months. And they need to be wound down 
with the new stocks when the prices are at a lower level. 
Our view is that demand patterns are good. Prices are more or less stable, except 
where there is occasional inventory movement, especially in India where we did see 
some inventory coming in, because of which the discounting had increased, and we 
took a pricing correction. But overall, worldwide we continue to see strong demand 
right across sectors, especially driven by the new solar glass plants which are coming 
up, including three lines that are expected to come up in India. And additional lines 
are coming up around the world. Just as a benchmark, a 100 GW of solar capacity 
needs a million ton of soda ash, and every ton of lithium carbonate needs two tons 
of soda ash. So, that should give a broad benchmark on the demand growth. 
Overall, in terms of demand supply on a global basis, while the demand growth will 
continue region to region, depending upon where the capacities come on stream, 
anywhere between 2% to 6% growth, the supply is not going to keep pace with it, 
even considering at some point, the 1.5 million tons of Inner Mongolian capacity 
which we have highlighted in the past. While this capacity will come in the interim, I 
think the key issue one should bear in mind is the fact that this will largely in our view, 
because of the high logistic cost to get it to port and beyond port, serve the domestic 
market. And we do believe that with the strong reopening of China, this is going to 
bode well for this capacity to get absorbed. 
We have continued to maintain that the world needs close to about 1.5 to 2 million 
tons of capacity every year for remaining balanced. And till year FY'27 / FY'28 we 
don’t see large capacities coming on stream, and hence the market is expected to 

Page 3 of 14 
remain either balanced or tight depending on what the current contextual situation 
is, and it could vary geography to geography. 
The structural elements of the business remain good, and we continue to invest in 
this business. Our capacity of 200,000 tons in India would come on stream in two 
steps : we expect 100,000 tons of soda ash to come on stream during the current 
year and an additional 100,000 tons to come a year later. In addition to that the salt 
capacity will also go up in India by about 200,000 tons, but that will be slowly 
absorbed in the market at the rate of 100,000 tons per year. 
In U.S. we are in the final stages of finishing our debottlenecking details where we 
intend to add about 400,000 tons of capacity over a period of about 24 to 28 months. 
Broadly that is the context of our growth. 
In terms of our specialty portfolio, Rallis has had a difficult quarter in terms of cleaning 
up its balance sheet. With this clean up behind it, I think Rallis is poised for steady 
and strong year-on-year growth going forward. 
In terms of our two other specialty forays, as the quantities continue to rise, the 
capacity utilization continue to rise. As far as Cuddalore is concerned, the Board has 
agreed to add additional capacity of another 10,000 tons in the short term in addition 
to the current capacity and also pivot our entire capacity to tyre grade, and we would 
be focusing on that grade going forward more and more. 
With these words, I just wanted to highlight that our strategy continues to be in place. 
The structural characteristic of the market continues to be in place, and we remain 
watchful because of the high interest rate environment and the impact on the market 
conditions. We continue to focus on cost management to ensure that we continue to 
deliver on the margins and the return profiles to all stakeholders. 
Thank You, with this I invite Nandu to give his comments. 
N Tirumalai: 
Good afternoon to all. I will broadly cover in four different sections --. 1) for the quarter 
for consolidated; 2) annual performance; 3) each geography and 4) cash and 
CAPEX. 
On the first part for the quarter for the Company as a whole, we had good financials 
for the quarter. Our revenues for the quarter grew by 27% over last year’s Q4. The 
growth was broad-based with all businesses and geographies performing well. 
EBITDA grew by 47% and stood at Rs. 965 crore for the quarter. The margins 
expanded by 3% and it was 21.9% for the quarter aided by higher sales and 
improved cost management. 
Coming on to the annual performance for last financial year: 
Our revenue stood at Rs. 16,789 crore, almost 33% more than last year. The EBITDA 
was at Rs. 3,822 crore, 67% more than last year. The margins improved by 4.5% 
and stood at 23%. As far as the whole year PAT is concerned, the profits for the year 
was at Rs. 2,452 crore against Rs. 1,400 crore last year, a 75% increase. The PAT 
margin was at 14.6%. The financial year ended March '23 was perhaps the highest 
ever across all geographies and for the Company as a whole. 

Page 4 of 14 
Moving on to individual businesses, starting with India, the revenue for the quarter 
grew by 17% year-on-year for the quarter. Growth was largely due to higher revenue 
on account of better selling price, amidst stable demand. Salt and bicarb business 
as well performed well. A higher operating leverage resulted in the better margins 
for the quarter. Further, last year in Q4 we had a one-off Rs. 65 crore tax relief which 
boosted the income last year, which didn’t come in the current year’s Q4. And hence 
the PAT numbers for India were lower than last year’s Q4. 
In the U.S. we saw good performance for the business the newer contracts, as 
Mukundan mentioned, entered for the calendar year became effective in January, 
and those helped us in the quarterly profits that we had a healthy margin for the 
quarter. 
Europe, especially UK, had a good performance on the back of high pricing and 
volumes. Salt and bicarb registered good growth which, in turn, helped the business 
to register a revenue growth over last year and PAT grew very well as against a loss 
last year. The benefit of gas hedging remained till March 2023, and we got the benefit 
of that during the quarter. And we also made a one-off deferred tax asset creation in 
the quarter, in the UK, which increased the PAT numbers for the UK for the quarter. 
Kenya too had good growth over last year because of higher revenues and better 
profits. And the balance sheet and cash flows were strengthened during the year. 
And Kenya became debt free during the year '23. 
Nutra and silica Mukundan just covered in depth, and Rallis, we had a one-off kind 
of a provision on inventory and impairment of intangible since its business of Rs. 63 
crore during the quarter and that impacted the profits for Rallis for the quarter. 
On a consolidated basis we had Rs. 2,398 crore of cash at the end of March 2023. 
Net debt was at Rs. 3,898 crore. The consolidated CAPEX for the year was about 
Rs. 1,600 crore. We are very much focused on cash generation and paying off debt 
over a point of time. 
With that I close my comments and I hand it over back to the Moderator to open up 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, my question is for India business. You are talking about margin recovery in Q2 
FY'24. So, can you talk about the whatever the raw material lag we have, say power 
cost, we are buying coal from Indonesia. So, what is the lag effect, how many month 
lag effect we have for the soda ash business in India, and any other raw material? 
R Mukundan: 
The main reason why we keep that inventory during the first half of the year, because 
during monsoon the shipping delays happen from Indonesia to India, and to avoid 
that we do keep stock. And I said it peaks at about six months and goes down to 
three months during the year. So, you can take an average of four to five months of 
inventory which, as prices come down,  will take its own time to consume the 
inventory build-up. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And do you think India business will reach at the whatever the peak margin we had 
seen in past quarters, can reach that level or that will normalize from there. 

Page 5 of 14 
R Mukundan: 
Regarding the margin level of India business, India has always been leading in 
margins, but the next year will start seeing U.S. to lead the margins massively. The 
key lever for us in terms of performance going forward next year is going to be that 
as mentioned before, UK will go to fixed margin structure which means they will be 
profitable, but they will be on fixed margin; In Kenya and India, the margins would 
moderate to normal levels, but they are much higher than what it used to be pre-
COVID and we are going to be in that structure, because that is the nature of the 
current demand supply environment. And U.S. would also improve and get to the 
margin levels, we have seen worldwide, but that means there is going to be an 
expansion in the U.S. margin. 
So, the way we see next year panning out is fundamentally that numbers from U.S. 
will substantially change. Numbers from India more or less will hold around the same 
levels. And numbers in Kenya and UK would moderate and would stabilize to normal 
profitable levels, but this will be a higher level that what we used to see before 
COVID. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
First on the Europe business, this Rs. 225 crore EBITDA for the quarter, is there 
some gas hedging benefits still within that and if so could you please quantify that? 
And when you are alluding to a fixed margin structure for the year ahead, would it be 
possible to share with us broadly what sort of EBITDA numbers we should be looking 
at for the year? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes, I understand your question. I think just wait for next quarter result that will show 
the constant margin numbers; we would not want to disclose that but in terms of 
deferred tax asset and one-offs I think Nandu can highlight. 
N Tirumalai: 
We spoke about our hedges being in place up to March 2023, the benefit of our lower 
cost hedge of gas has played out in Q4FY23 also. And we also had the one-off tax 
benefit which came at around Rs. 50 crore in the UK, in Q4FY22. So, that won’t 
come back in the next quarter. 
R. Mukundan:
The Rs. 50 crore is at the PAT level, and it’s a positive impact of tax asset. But in 
terms of the NG they were in play, but for you to get a peek into the fixed margin we 
need to wait for Q1 result. And because of the fixed margin structure, firstly, we have 
an assured volume off take within the UK. So, volumes are not going to be under 
pressure at all. And, secondly, the Company will be consistently profitable. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And the second question I just had was with regard to upcoming supply additions in 
the world market. So, regarding this Inner Mongolia project, apparently the news 
from China or at least the claims from China are that they are trying to ramp up this 
capacity to five million tons within this calendar year itself. So, is that something that 
you are seeing as well. 
Also, if you could just help us with regard to other capacity expansions coming up 
across the globe. I believe there is something in the U.S., so if you could just help us 
with that over the next one or two years, that would be helpful? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes in terms of capacity addition I believe I have mentioned already that I think world 
needs about 1 million  to 1.5 million tons of additional volume every year going 
forward, and if you add two years it’s going to be 2.5 million tons. And the world 
needs it to be balanced. The exact month and when it is going to come, we can’t 

Page 6 of 14 
predict as of now, and the additions also, I think will be broadly in that range or slightly 
below that range. 
As far as Mongolia is concerned, our information and our understanding is 1.5 million 
tons. Over a period of time, they will go to 5 million tons. , The last time the only 
natural capacity which came up was in Turkey and it came up in tranches of 1 or 1.5 
million tons, spread over a long time. So, I don’t think it’s going to come in that speed, 
and if it does, we will keep you posted. Right now, our information is only about 1.5 
million tons. 
And also, the second element, which is unlike in Turkey where the plant is very close 
to port, just about 200 kilometers to port, Inner Mongolia has a long distance to travel 
to any port and get to any export market. So, our view remains that large amount of 
displacement it will do with the Chinese domestic market. And it is going to challenge 
the domestic, synthetic manufacturers more. And they will be under pressure, and 
some of the weaker units in China may actually close down. And, in fact, they have 
been pretty much, since the government has been, in China, very forceful in meeting 
environment targets and shutting down unviable capacity. 
So, you are going to find some kind of a reordering there. I cannot predict how, but 
it is a natural process which will happen. And to give you an example of that natural 
process, in U.S. where we have 12 million tons of natural capacity prior to this natural 
capacity coming on stream in U.S., it was fully synthetic. All the synthetic capacity in 
U.S. got wiped out over a period of time, because natural capacities came on stream. 
So, any natural capacity coming in any geography, that immediate geography gets 
to challenge the synthetic capacity there. 
And as I also mentioned, synthetic plants generally cannot export for long distance, 
because the cost of production is high, so they can’t bear a large amount of logistics 
cost. The competitive position of Chinese synthetic plants is as good as our synthetic 
plant so we do not see any issues at all on competing with them. The issue is going 
to be that how do they step up and compete internally within China, we need to 
watch. 
So, this whole element of that Inner Mongolia capacity will play itself out but will very 
differently from the way, Turkey played out. Over time, the Turkish capacity had to 
be absorbed in other markets. The large amount of displacements they did was in 
Europe and it did find its way to multiple markets. So, we would leave it there and 
we should watch this very closely. 
Our view is thatit may not disturb the world markets as one would expect. Of course, 
there are always fears that one need to be prepared. We are focused on being cost 
competitive and being ready for them. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Two small clarifications and one question from my side. Just to clarify there are no 
one-off on the India cost that it’s just the lag effect of it inventory which will normalize, 
is that fair? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes, that is fair. I think it would normalize over a period of the year. Costs will 
normalize over a period of time, but the market pricing has to be implemented 
immediately in line with the expected cost structures which we have. 

Page 7 of 14 
Vivek Rajamani: 
And when you say normalize level of margins, would the first half of Financial '23 be 
a good benchmark or what should we consider to be a normalized margins for this 
India segment? 
R. Mukundan:
I think it will be closer to Q3 or maybe between Q3 and Q4; It would be better than 
Q4 over a period of time, but maybe a tad below Q3. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
If you could just throw some more color with respect to the downstream demand 
trends that you are seeing. You obviously mentioned demand is healthy, but if you 
could just give a little bit more color in terms of the segment that’s driving demand if 
you are seeing really good growth or if there is any slowness in any particular 
segment, some more color on that front would be really helpful. 
R. Mukundan:
Growth across segments and across categories is fairly good. And the growth drivers 
as I mentioned are all sustainability drivers, which has shifted to glass, more due to 
solar glass and container glass, where sustainability is playing a big role. And also 
for the lithium carbonate. 
Let me just say the small pocket of weakness which we do see in some markets is 
the light ash demand. And I think this is about the producers’ portfolio not keeping 
pace with the demand patterns, and some of us had to shift the product portfolio 
towards more dense ash and less light ash. But that’s the only element which we 
see in pockets and in certain markets where synthetic plants exists mainly in China 
and partly in India. But light ash does not travel, because the port authorities don’t 
tend to give approval for light ash unloading, because the material tends to disperse 
a lot in the air and very difficult to get it across to multiple ports except as bagged 
cargo. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset 
Management.   
Arjun Khanna: 
The first question is in terms of the CAPEX, so you did allude to or you did explicitly 
say you are looking at an expansion in the U.S. market debottlenecking, have we 
talked about what would be the CAPEX for the same, how much would that cost? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes, we will come with the exact numbers in the next quarter, because by next 
quarter we would be very clear about the contours of that. We are conducting 
detailed engineering and  it’s almost in the final leg. The India capacity also we will 
move from the current to one million tons which would be completed, and once the 
current expansion finishes, India capacity will move to 1.3 million tons, another 
300,000 tons is being added in Mithapur. So, that adds up to about 700,000 tons and 
we are also looking at other geographies where we can add another 300,000 tons to 
take additional million tons overall. 
So, in India capacity addition of 200,000 tons will be coming on stream in the near 
term so that we go to a million tons, and then the capacity will increase to 1.3 million 
tons in the next phase, where detailed engineering work is going on, which should 
be completed by this quarter, and we will be able to give exact specific numbers. 
And as far as the U.S. is concerned, the 400,000 tons there also detailed engineering 
will get completed and we will be able to give exact numbers. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Secondly in terms of the amount of debt so we are down to a 770 million gross debt 
and we also saw the interest cost are increasing globally. How do you anticipate this 

Page 8 of 14 
debt position to play out going forward given that we have a heavy CAPEX, do you 
anticipate the net debt from around Rs. 4,000 odd crore to come down going ahead? 
R. Mukundan:
This year our plan was to, as we said last year, repay about $100 million, and, in 
fact, we have done more than that across all geographies put together; about $80 
million in U.S. and about $40 in Kenya and then about £20 million in UK. So, we have 
done more than we had planned. This year, our plan is to do anywhere between 
$200 million to $250 million of pay down of debt. 
Arjun Khanna: 
And this would obviously be after the CAPEXs that we have envisaged for this year? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes this is including all this; we are not having any borrowing or equity plans to do 
the rest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
If you look at the U.S. market the way the volumes and margins are performing is 
there an expansion in the U.S. domestic market. And secondly we were to 
understand that there is competitive pressure in exports to LATAM and Asia because 
most of the U.S. producers are out of ANSAC. So, is that concern abating based on 
the pricing power you see, so how do you rate the competitive landscape in the U.S. 
for both U.S. market as well as for exports from U.S. 
R. Mukundan:
I think U.S. tends to supply mainly into the North America and Central America and 
when we say U.S. market, we actually say, Canada, U.S. and Mexico as one market 
which is the domestic market. And the LATAM and the Far East are where the 
material goes and some to Southeast Asia. So, as far as our exit from ANSAC is 
concerned there are no pressures as we are fully sold out. Our exit also in terms of 
quantities would wind down over a period of time. This year, our own volumes will 
be about one-third of the total export volume out of the U.S. and it will go up in a 
phased manner over three years, and we were able to place all our volumes with 
customers through contracting with them all the way through. We do not see any 
issues in markets for the dense ash out of U.S. 
S Ramesh: 
If you see the U.S. realizations based on the 4th Quarter results, that is going to be 
sustainable over the rest of the current year because last year you got 
accommodation from your customers when your cost were going up. So, given that 
there is deflation across the various cost items, would there be some request from 
customers asking you to reduce the price during the current contract period. 
R. Mukundan:
There is no such move. And you would see Quarter 1 results when they are 
announced, Quarter 2 when the numbers are announced;  they are pretty much intact 
and we have no reason to state anything otherwise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC. 
Saurabh Jain: 
I wanted to know whether the U.S. contracts, is it possible for you to highlight what 
is the percentage increase from last year or if you can give us the amount of the price 
that we negotiated to? 
R. Mukundan:
It’s reflected in the results, and in the next quarter also it will reflect, so if you track 
that, you will know the increase. 

Page 9 of 14 
Saurabh Jain: 
I know but the thing is that you know it is a mix of both exports and the domestic 
prices -- 
R. Mukundan:
We only give blended rates and both have gone up. Last year also it was a blended 
number, but the overall blended number has gone up and it will continue to, this 
quarter is reflective of that, next quarter will be even more reflective of that. 
Saurabh Jain: 
And additionally on the China capacity, what kind of reserves would be there in 
China, wanted to get a sense of what can be the scale of them being able to continue 
to supply the markets for the next few years? 
R. Mukundan:
Generally, when anybody opens up a natural mine, they look at around 20-year mine 
life. It’s very rare anyone opens up a mine with less than 15-year mine life. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, it will at least be a 20 years to 25 years kind of reserve. But can it reach to a 
scale of like what U.S. has, any info on that? 
R. Mukundan:
The biggest world deposit is in U.S. and there are multiple belts there, and U.S. 
reserves can last over thousand years. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, China still we don’t, we are not in a position to know that whether these reserves 
can last for next 50 odd years or anything of that sort? 
R. Mukundan:
Certainly, I can confirm that it is 20 to 25 years it will last. The Turkey is the one 
which probably will, has a lesser reserve life than that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagjraj from Centrum Broking Limited. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question is now since the European Energy issues are normalizing whether 
incremental capacities are coming, I mean people who are on sidelines are operating 
at lower rates, have they come back completely and will that have any impact on the 
short-term demand supply and pricing? 
R. Mukundan:
Actually, most of our supplies is within island of UK. And I think we have generally 
not seen major material land except from Turkey, and we do not see any major 
change in that position. And we have not seen anything to say that we will have any 
issues with the quantities we have there. And we are fully sold out through contracts. 
And the fixed contract also ensures that both of us the Company and our customers 
are well protected. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is on natural soda ash capacity, so from an incremental capacity 
perspective what is the dynamics and timelines that are usually followed, maybe 0.5 
million tons capacity of synthetic and natural, how much time does it take? 
And again, a similar question from Chinese perspective, so currently we have said 
that there is 1 to 1.5 million tons additional capacity, if they were to take it to five 
million tons, what would be the constraints or what will be the key drivers for the 
same. And within what period of time they can get to that? 
R. Mukundan:
See normally a synthetic plant would take anywhere between, I would say two and 
half years to three years to put up and stabilize; sometimes a little longer depending 
on what is the level of environment clearance needed, that usually varies from 
country to country, from one to two years. So, from the time one gets a go ahead, 

Page 10 of 14 
usually it ends up almost being four to five years in terms of execution time. If it is a 
debottlenecking where one does not need major environment clearance, it can be 
done in about 24 months at best and most companies finish it in 36 months. Every 
incremental capacity needs a fresh environment process to be done by most players, 
because that’s how the environment laws run in most countries and that’s what we 
are aware of. So, this broadly should give you the timeline of most of the projects. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments. 
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in regard to India demand, so I was just reading a couple of article 
where detergent demands on a YoY basis has not grown significantly and for India 
per se as a geography, the contribution from glass and lithium ion has been lesser. 
So, what incrementally you think that will drive demand in India? 
R. Mukundan:
So, detergent, you are right, which is why I mentioned that light ash is bit soft in some 
parts, especially India. And we do hope that it corrects over a period of time. But the 
real growth in India is going to come from increased glass lines which are getting 
investments; this year we see in the next two quarters   three new glass lines coming, 
and annually there are multiple additions being planned. As India industrializes one 
would find that the key players move to container glass and flat glass and that would 
continue to be the case in India. And also, the solar glass capacities are coming and 
that’s another addition which we mentioned through PLI schemes and other 
schemes that those capacities also will get established. 
Riya Mehta: 
And glass as a percentage for India demand how much it would be and what would 
be the kind of growth that we are --? 
R. Mukundan:
About 45% would be the glass demand in India, and it is a faster growing sector 
close to about 6% to 8%. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, last quarter basically we had seen that the imports from China had increased to 
India, and hence we had taken price cut. So, how is the imports from China in this 
current quarter and going forward in the month of April and May? And secondly would 
be, since China would be going towards natural mining will the synthetic player be 
more motivated to exports the soda ash to India? 
R. Mukundan:
Yes, we have seen normalization or some toning down of the imports coming in, 
overall basis, Consignments have landed from U.S., from Turkey as well as from 
China, it is not just one place where it’s landed in India in the past. We do believe 
that this would normalize. As far as China is concerned the broad issue what 
synthetic play does, is that those who are competitive and large-scale plants will 
continue to export from synthetic plants. But it will put pressure on the domestic 
smaller plants and weaker players, domestically. So, it’s going to be a combination 
of putting pressure on the domestic players. Some synthetic players who may have 
the margin and cost competitiveness to export, will export. But those who can’t will 
face increasing pressure to run their operations with difficulty. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
My question is Solvay results declared today, they highlighted lower flat glass 
demand, particularly in Europe. So, just wanted to know how much of our soda ash 
volumes go into flat glass, typically? And are we also experiencing any slowdown 
there and what sort of --? 

Page 11 of 14 
R. Mukundan:
In UK we do not have flat glass lines at all, where we sell. Our product sells only in 
the UK. We don’t export out of the UK. And it is mainly to container glass and we are 
fully sold out. And there is no slowdown in container glass demand. And we have no 
exposure to Continental Europe. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, I was asking for flat glass, so -- 
R. Mukundan:
Correct, that’s right, the flat glass plants are all in Continental Europe. In UK it’s 
mainly container glass plants and we sell only to them. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
My second question is recently South Africa rejected our applications to set aside 
this 40% anti-dumping duty, that is imposed on U.S. imports. 
R. Mukundan:
It has no impact on us, in the past we had a preferential duty of 7%, we were trying 
to get the preferential duty, it didn’t come, so it has got no impact. So, we would have 
gained little bit had they not struck it down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly, about the employee cost, if you could explain the increase in the employee 
cost, QonQ, both on the standalone numbers as well as for the consolidated 
numbers. And as a percentage of sales also going ahead what would be the number? 
R. Mukundan:
So, in the standalone, actually the number is some actuarial adjustments we had 
done which usually happens in the Quarter 4and in the international operations, there 
is no major change in headcount. The second one is, in terms of international 
operations there are some translation effect with respect to the exchange and some 
impact of rupee falling  in addition to actuarial adjustments internationally. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And they will remain in this vicinity only 10% of sales have generally been --? 
R. Mukundan:
We do not see any major change. In terms of increases also which we have, they 
are all in keeping with the local trend, and the increase has been because of high 
inflation, higher than what we would normally give. But we do make that up over a 
period of time through productivity increase and control on headcount. 
Saket Kapoor: 
On the Bi-carb part, do we see any flattening of demand from the bi-carb front? And 
also flu gas as an opportunity, what’s the understanding of on the same, their 
requirement --? 
R. Mukundan:
No that is a steadily growing sector, it continues to grow at 5% to 7%, so we do not 
see any issue on that front. And it feeds into multiple sectors, including animal seed, 
poultry, human food applications and pharmaceutical application, and they continue 
to grow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mithil Bhuva from Unlisted India. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
I had a couple of questions relating to TCNA, so we have spent around $1.2 billion 
to acquire TCNA over a period of time, like 2008 we spent $1 billion and we have 
had a free cash flow of around like $50 million to $100 million, so getting a subpar 
return on equity of 5% to 10%. So, going ahead if we want some 15% kind of return 
on equity on the TCNA so can we expect like $180 million kind of free cash flow, isn’t 
it fair for a shareholder to expect that? 

Page 12 of 14 
R. Mukundan:
Sorry, I will not comment specifically, but you watch for the results in Q1, Q2, Q3, we 
will be able to add those numbers up. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
But like over the period of last 15 years we have not made that kind of returns. So, 
isn’t it same in the case of even Tata Chemicals Europe, we make up for that period 
actually? Given that now we are going to fixed kind of profits, so. 
R. Mukundan:
No, Europe is a very different situation, as we are moving more and more to value-
added,  you will find by the year end pharmaceutical salt capacity will come on 
stream. And so next year we will have pharma salt which we will be bringing into 
market, a higher margin product. And in U.S. our competitive position is fairly strong. 
And the margin and earnings profile is very good. And it will pay down its debt and 
continue to give us adequate return on capital. We would not want to make a forward-
looking specific statement on the U.S. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Doshi from Kriis Portfolio. 
Jainam Doshi: 
Just two questions, first one is how are we seeing the lithium bicarbonate demand 
shaping up. And the second one is, whether we are planning to foray into any 
bromine-based specialty chemicals? 
R. Mukundan:
So, on the demand, as I mentioned every lithium carbonate unit needs about for 
every ton, two tons of soda ash and that demand is good. And we have good 
contracts in South America with respect to that. In terms of bromine, we have a small 
bromine capacity and we continue to work on options to potentially increase the 
extraction. And if there is anything specific were to happen in the bromine area, we 
will come back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just two questions from my side, one is the U.S. domestic volumes seem to have 
decline quite sharply this quarter down to about 237,000 tons. What might be the 
reason for that? 
R. Mukundan:
We are basically exporting more and there is nothing specific to it. We do not have 
any issues. We are producing and moving the all the materials. And it will be just that 
under the export contracts, we would have exported more during the quarter. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And second thing was just with regard to this tax benefit in the UK, if you could please 
just help us understand exactly what has happened there and what we should expect 
as a normalized tax rate going forward for the UK and for the overall Company? 
N Tirumalai: 
So, in UK we had this deferred tax asset; what it means is that UK has made losses 
for many years’ time. And there is a tax benefit on account of that. Now whenever 
you foresee that you are going to make a profit going forward based upon some 
assumptions and having made profit in the current year as per accounting rules, one 
has to make a deferred tax provision, and one has to create an asset which means 
there is a possibility of the past losses being consumed going forward on the tax 
point of view. 
So, we made a one-time kind of a DTA in March quarter, which brings asset, which 
means it’s a profit. It’s a one-time kind of event for the quarter, accounting impact, 
there is no cash impact there. So, going forward what tax would come, will depend 
upon how much losses we have carry forward. So, we expect to consume those 

Page 13 of 14 
losses for some time. So, that’s where we stand Abhijit. But this is a one-time which 
came in Q4, which won’t repeat. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang. 
S Ramesh: 
So, in response to the question about the slowdown in flat glass you were saying, in 
the UK it’s only container glass, but is there a risk of the capacity of soda ash, 
because both of them are using dense soda ash, right so is there a difference in the 
grade of soda ash, to that extent your market for container glass is protected or is 
there some fungibility in terms of the soda ash between flat glass in Europe and in 
India. Is there any risk to some substitution of the competition from UK soda ash 
capacity release if there is a slowdown in flat glass? 
R. Mukundan:
See they are fungible; you can move the flat glass this dense soda ash to both flat 
glass as well as container glass. You are absolutely right on that. I had mentioned 
that we are contracted out fully for the full year. And we see no issues with respect 
to our customers and they continue to produce well and they continue to consume 
well. We have not seen any demand slowdown as far as our customer base is 
concerned in the UK. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Sumant Kumar: 
In U.S. business, you said, this quarter we had $91 U.S. dollar EBITDA per ton, and 
you said it is going to further improve from here also. So, considering this and strong 
balance sheet why we are not aggressive for soda ash expansion in U.S? 
R. Mukundan:
No, U.S. we are expanding, I think we are in the final stages of, as I mentioned, 
detailed engineering to go ahead with the project. And the project is approximately 
400,000 tons of capacity addition there. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, this 400,000 ton is I think a too conservative. And going by your strong balance 
sheet and the kind of margin we are making, can we not 40% to 50% kind of capacity 
expansion in U.S. for next three, four years? 
R. Mukundan:
See, as a vision, our vision is to lead in this market. We have already announced we 
will be aiming to be the leading player. And as a leading player, you know the 
capacity of where the leading players are, we will be ahead of that. But we can only 
announce what we have taken to the Board and what the Board is supporting us to 
go ahead with, that’s the vision, vision is to be number one, in all the businesses we 
are in, including soda ash, bicarbonate, salt and silica. These are four products we 
have identified for the leadership position. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
R. Mukundan:
Thank you all for attending this conference call. While this quarter has been good, 
we continue to focus on executing our strategy. The market conditions while they 
remain robust there are also words of caution because the interest rate has risen 
sharply, while it may have peaked in this quarter, we anticipate interest rate to 
stabilize for some time before they come down. We are preparing for that interim 
period so that we remain focused on delivery with cost competitiveness, and our 
focus is to remain competitive and support our customers. At the same time, our 
growth plans are robust and they are moving in a phased, in a structured manner to 
execute and participate in the growth in this sector. 

Page 14 of 14 
And lastly, we do believe that we need to continue to work our way through improving 
our balance sheet and move towards a reasonable level of debt and hopefully the 
current trend continues. We would continue to make sure that we go to net debt 
levels which are almost zero in a near term of three to five years. This year as we 
committed, we will be reducing our debt further. And that would also help us to 
weather any disturbances, if they do occur, by reducing interest burden on the 
Company. So, overall, we have a robust frame in terms of expansion, growth, also 
improving our fitness and continue to serve our customers in a competitive manner. 
Thank you all for this. And see you next quarter. And have a safe year ahead. Thank 
you. 
