 
 
 
 
HCL Technologies Ltd.
 
 
January 17, 2023 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on January 12, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is to inform you that in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call held on January 12, 2023, post the 
announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine-months ended 
December 
31, 
2022, 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
our 
Company’s 
website 
https://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-reports. 
 
   A copy of the transcript is also enclosed. 
 
This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
MANISH 
ANAND
Digitally signed by 
MANISH ANAND 
Date: 2023.01.17 
13:26:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“HCL Technologies Limited’s Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C. VIJAYAKUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. PRATEEK AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. 
SRINIVASAN 
SESHADRI 
– 
GLOBAL 
HEAD 
(FINANCIAL SERVICES), HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY GUNTUR – PRESIDENT, ENGINEERING AND 
R&D SERVICES, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN SUNDARARAJAN – CHIEF 
PEOPLE OFFICER, HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MENDIRATTA – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS), HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HCL Technologies Limited Q3 FY'23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Mendiratta, Head, 
Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Mendiratta: 
Thank you, Aman. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to 
HCLTech's Q3 Fiscal '23 Earnings Call. A very happy new year to all of you. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar -- CEO and Managing Director, HCLTech; Mr. Prateek 
Aggarwal -- Chief Financial Officer, along with the broader leadership team to discuss the 
performance of the company during the quarter followed by the Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involve 
a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements 
made herein are based on information presently available to the management, and the company 
does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made in the course of 
this call. In this regard, please do review the safe harbor statement in the formal investor release 
document and all the factors that can cause the difference. 
Over to you CVK and thanks. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for HCLTech's Q3 FY'23 
Earnings Announcement. A very happy new year to all of you from the entire HCLTech family. 
Now to our results for the quarter, I'm very happy to share that we've delivered strong 
performance this quarter across all key metrics; revenue growth, margin expansion, booking 
growth, and people metrics. 
As you would have seen, our revenues grew 5% in constant currency sequentially, and 13.1% 
constant currency year-on-year. The growth was attributed to our strong momentum in the 
HCLSoftware business, as well as our momentum in our Services business. Our Services 
business grew 15.4% year-on-year and 2.2% sequentially in constant currency. We posted an 
improved EBIT of 19.6% driven by improvements in our services business, and seasonal gains 
due to the peak performance in the software business. 
Overall, we're continuing to see demand on themes like IT operating model transformation, 
cloud adoption. Both of these are helping clients accelerate their digital transformation journey. 
We continue to see great potential for vendor consolidation, cost optimization and large 
integrated opportunities in the near-to-medium term. And these opportunities have really 
contributed significantly to the bookings that we delivered this quarter. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
We also enjoy unique position as the only IT service provider globally to be rated as a leader in 
all six Gartner IT Services Magic Quadrant. This when combined with the strong propositions 
and people skills, is reflected in a strong growth over the last many quarters and our future 
outlook. This is also a big acknowledgement of the effort HCLTechies have invested over the 
last few years to address every need of our clients. It tells the market very clearly that HCLTech 
has the 360 deg. propositions to address the IT services needs of Global 2000 clients. Today, be 
it clients sourcing advisors or analysts, acknowledge what we can bring to the table as a total 
package for digital transformation of our clients for employee value chains, be it cloud adoption, 
application or data modernization, or digital engineering, and digital workplace needs. This 
achievement is well aligned to the first of our strategic objectives, which is leadership through 
differentiated services and products. 
In terms of segmental, vertical and geography performance, our HCLSoftware business 
delivered an outstanding performance growing 30.5% quarter-on-quarter in constant currency. 
HCLSoftware business scaled up impressively this quarter and has built good momentum in new 
type of deals with 26 new software as a service deals. 
From a services perspective, our ERS business led the pack this quarter with 2.5% sequential 
growth in constant currency, followed by our IT and Business Services at 2.1% sequential 
growth, again in constant currency. This growth came up despite furloughs that were higher than 
anticipated at the start of the quarter, and higher than what we saw in the previous year. 
HCLSoftware signed seven new clients across Fortune 500, Global 500 and Global 2000 clients 
in the last quarter. You may be aware that more than 25% of the Global 2000 companies are 
HCLSoftware clients and we see synergy benefits for our Services business as we get more 
clients here. 
HCLSoftware announced a multi-year partnership with the legendary Formula One team; 
Scuderia Ferrari. The deal with Ferrari sees HCLSoftware become a strategic partner to the 
historic racing team with a focus on supplying high performance precision technology. The 
HCLSoftware logo will make its debut on Scuderia Ferrari racing cars. This follows our 
partnership as an official digital transformation partner of MetLife Stadium, New York Jets, 
New York Giants in the US. These are part of our brand transformation programs that we 
initiated last quarter to take HCLTech, the industry's best kept secret, closer to our clients, 
partners, communities and employees. 
Now to verticals and geographies, our geography growth was once again led by Europe at 7.2% 
sequentially in constant currency, followed by Americas at 0.5% QoQ in constant currency. 
Our top performing verticals were Life Sciences and Healthcare, Manufacturing, and Telecom 
and Media, delivering sequential growth of 5.5%, 4.9% and 4.5% in constant currency 
respectively. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
In Q3, we also made good additions to our clientele; we added 3 in the $50 million category and 
2 in the $20 million category on a QoQ basis. As you would remember, another of our strategic 
objectives is to be a preferred digital partner for Global 2000 enterprises in chosen markets. In 
line with that, a good number of clients we've grown to the next category, or new additions to 
our client list belong to the G-2000 category. 
One of the highlights of the quarter is our booking performance. Our bookings increased 10% 
year-on-year on a total contract value basis, and 2% on an annual contract value basis, with 17 
large deals across services and products among the large seven services wins, I want to call out 
a few. 
I also want to call out that the top three deals that we won this quarter gave us a TCV of close to 
a billion dollars in this quarter. A US headquartered Fortune 300 Financial Services firm selected 
HCLTech to lead its global technology transformation program. This program includes 
modernization of clients IT landscape by building and operating a hybrid cloud infrastructure 
platform in collaboration with AWS. 
We also announced the ODP Corporation deal. ODP, a leading provider of products, services 
and technology solutions, selected HCLTech as its primary IT partner. HCLTech will manage 
end-to-end IT operations and enterprise-wide digital transformation to enable ODP's business 
strategy in its office depot, ODP business solutions in their business units. 
We also announced a new deal which we signed last quarter. We announced the deal today; 
Mattel, a leading global toy manufacturing company, and owner of one of the strongest 
portfolios of children and family entertainment franchises in the world, selected HCLTech to 
enable Mattel's future direction and product operating model, along with continued digital 
transformation journey. As the primary IT partner, HCLTech will drive transformation across 
Mattel's global technology landscape, cutting across applications, infrastructure and 
infrastructure security domains. These are some of the wins on the services side that sets us well 
for future growth. 
On the Software side, we have 10 large wins, healthy mix across the portfolio as well as some 
good wins on a subscription or a SaaS model. A Global 50 automobile major has expanded its 
partnership with HCLSoftware to support its dealer portal and parts provisioning in North 
America, while enabling a secure environment to guard against potential cyber security threats. 
A Fortune 200 company has selected HCLSoftware to provide a modern and seamless digital 
experience to its customers and business partners. A Fortune 500 hospitality company has 
selected HCLSoftware to enable multiple business functions including HR, employee training, 
as well as customer-facing programs as a part of its growth strategy. Overall, our pipeline 
continues to remain healthy, well distributed across large and medium sized deals. 
In terms of people metrics, we are making good progress to become an employer of choice and 
professional services across all key geographies. Our headcount ramp up continues; we had 
2,945 net new additions to our family in this quarter, and 5,800 freshers during the quarter were 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
onboarded. Our people ramp up plants be it freshers or near shore or new vistas, are progressing 
in line with what we had announced as a medium-term plan during our Investor Day in May '22. 
We're starting to see moderating attrition and talent cost across the globe, unlike last year, where 
we saw an abnormal behavior on these metrics. I'm happy that we are making incremental 
progress towards hybrid operating model just as we had planned in a consistent and predictable 
manner. Our model continues to be flexible to address the needs of all stakeholders without 
constraining the business objectives. 
As we mentioned in our medium-term objectives, weaving ESG into our business strategy is key 
to our success, we launched the HCLTech Sustainability School, and its first Comprehensive 
Climate Literacy Learning Series for all 220,000+ employees. This should help our employees 
to better understand our relationship with the planet and how we can make it a better place to 
live. 
Looking ahead, we believe, there is near-term impact to a few industries, specifically, technology 
industry clients, as they optimize while they will end up as great growth opportunities in the 
medium-term with the right propositions. In this context, our propositions, global delivery, 
talent, position and the new capabilities will continue to give us an edge in the mid-to-long-term. 
Q4 will be a seasonally weak quarter as our P&P performance peaks in Q3 with renewals and 
new Deal signings. 
Looking ahead, we remain positive of our medium-term growth, with confidence generated by 
good bookings and pipeline across every segment. I have no doubt that if we achieve the four 
strategic objectives and the progress we have made towards them, the fifth one to deliver top 
quartile TSR over the medium-term should logically follow. 
Once again, I wish you all a great year ahead. With that, I will hand over to Prateek to provide 
More Details on our Financials. Over to you, Prateek. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thank you, CVK. Happy New Year to Everybody on the Call. To give you some quick wrap up 
of the growth and then I'll get into how the EBIT has moved, etc. 
Year-on-year in constant currency, we grew 13.1%; our Services grew 15.4%, and on a 
sequential basis in constant currency, we grew 5%, led by Software, growing at 30%-plus; and 
services also reported a robust 2.2% sequentially in a seasonally soft quarter. During the quarter, 
we also crossed significant milestones in terms of profits; INR 5,000 crores in EBIT and INR 
4,000 crores in net income. The EBITDA margin came in at 23.9% and EBIT at 19.6% which is 
a healthy growth of 165 basis points QoQ and 57 basis points YoY. Our return on invested 
capital continues to improve; At a company level, we hit close to 30% and Services came in at 
37.4% as compared to 36.2% last quarter. 
Moving on to EBIT walk from last quarter to this one, we gave our second phase of increments 
this quarter for the middle management, and that is an impact of 70 basis points. At overall level, 
EBIT has improved 165 basis points, out of which 157 basis points has been contributed by 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
HCLSoftware, being most of the revenue flows down, the extra seasonal revenue flows down to 
the EBIT as you know. 
Services margin improved by 8 to 10 basis points after absorbing the salary increment of 70 bps 
that I talked about. Furloughs and holiday season also impacted by about 60 basis points. And 
our margin improvement initiatives have been yielding results last quarter and this quarter as 
well. This quarter, we gained 40 basis points through pyramid optimization, deployment and 
billing of freshers as well as 30 basis points on top by realization improvements and other 
efficiencies, and FOREX gain was another 70 basis points as well. So, that's how the 19.6% got 
delivered, large portion coming from Software as I said. 
On Guidance, we gave three data points. We've narrowed all three of them. So, the revenue 
guidance at overall company level, we are at 13.5% to 14%, which is the same as what we had 
indicated at our US Investor Day. So, all the three narrowing of the ranges is in line with that. 
Services is now at 16% to 16.5% and margin guidance is at 18% to 18.5%. 
It was a good quarter for cash generation as well and cash conversion ratios. Overall DSO 
including the unbilled revenue current is flattish QoQ. But you will notice that our unbilled has 
reduced significantly in this quarter and over the last two quarters as we have billed faster, and 
this should help improve the collections in Q4, because what we have billed already by 
December-end, will get collected sometime in February. 
Last 12-month Operating Cash Flow was at $2,041 million and Free Cash Flow at $1.8 billion. 
OCF being 111% of net income and FCF being virtually equal to the net income. Our balance 
sheet remains strong with gross cash at $2.5 billion and net cash close to $1.95 billion to be 
precise. 
For shareholders, the last 12-months diluted EPS increased to INR 53.36, which is up 4.8% 
quarter-on-quarter and 13.1% year-on-year without the one timers in OND, so, we are taking the 
tougher compare there. 
As per our continuing steady practice of quarterly dividend, the board declared INR 10 per share 
as the dividend for the quarter. The record date of the same is 20th January and payment date 
will be 1st February. 
With that, I hand it back to the operator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Ravi 
Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
As HCLSoftware product growth is even stronger than what we saw last year, we thought that 
was exceptional. So, are you confident that you will now see the segment being stable to growing 
from here on, your exit for the usual strong Q3 seasonality? 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, yes, we had a good growth and our expectation is the trajectory will continue. But however, 
it is early days for us to really provide any concrete guidance. We have put several foundational 
blocks in place, and they seem to be working in the right direction. But this is not a trend yet. 
So, we would be a little cautious, before calling out a trend, we will see a few more quarters 
before seeing a trend. 
Ravi Menon: 
Any particularly large deals in this we might want to be aware of, difficult to repeat? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Are you talking specifically about the Software business? 
Ravi Menon: 
Yes, yes, Software. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
In Software, we had 10 deals, which we consider as large deals. And I think in a seasonally 
strong quarter, it's a little more than what we would have expected, number of customers 
increased their consumption, some new clients got added as we called out some of this, I mean, 
three or four new top logos got added who are going to consume the product for the first time. 
So, it's more broad-based, it's not because of one big deal or anything like that. 
Ravi Menon: 
And Financial Services had a decline this quarter. CVK, I think you said in December, at the 
Investor Day in New York that you are looking at higher furloughs in Financial Services, so will 
this bounce back next quarter? And also, retail and hi tech, that is also little weakened. Here, 
was it due to furloughs or customers being distressed and should we think there were some 
projects being put on hold or even being cancelled in these other verticals? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Let me take it one-by-one. Financial services, largely due to furloughs, I think, we took the 
biggest hit in furloughs in Financial Services. So, I see good growth coming back in Financial 
Services. And this also is going to be enabled by two large deals; one, we had announced last 
quarter, one more half a billion dollar plus deal, which we signed in this quarter, both are 
Financial Services. So, I think we feel pretty confident of a very healthy growth in Financial 
Services as we move forward. And it also gives us good visibility of Financial Services for the 
next financial year. Coming to retail CPG, it's really due to certain clients who are stressed, 
which had an impact, and that's kind of little bit continuing which is causing the ramp downs in 
this client. Tech and services, as I called out, I think our concern really came from, we did not 
see furlough kind of impact in tech and services in the past, but this year, we did see especially 
some large techs trying to kind of optimize their spend for the year. So, we took some hits in 
some big clients, that's why it's flattish from a quarter-on-quarter perspective. I see a good mix 
of opportunities in tech. While they are being a little bit more frugal about what they're spending 
on, but there is also an increased propensity to offshore. In fact, a couple of large big techs which 
had a 50:50 ratio for onsite-offshore, they are significantly moving to a much higher offshore 
adoption. And there is also one vendor consolidation deal which we signed this quarter where 
there are three vendors who are going to take the lion's share of business. So, I think these trends 
that we've seen will help us stabilize and grow the tech vertical. The year-on-year growth is still 
very strong and we expect to continue growing here. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Ravi Menon: 
Margins for IT services is still 100 basis points below the pre-COVID, 3Q, 17.8%. So, with the 
attrition now starting to come off, do you think we can get back to the margin levels for IT 
services or are there any structural challenges that we should be aware of? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
At the company level, we said, we do want to get back to the pre-COVID level. The comfort 
band of 19% to 20% that we've had over a long period of time for four, five-plus years. So, that 
is the intent and aspiration and we are all working towards that. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
If you see this quarter, while the Services margin is only 10 basis points up, but we have taken 
the impact of salary increases, as Prateek called out earlier, we've taken an impact due to the 
furloughs. Then, FOREX has benefited, but still I think on both fresher adoption and all the 
operational improvements, we've got 70 basis points benefit. So, Services margins are 
improving, and we will continue to see that kind of a trajectory as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria for Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
So, two questions. Firstly, what's been happening on the top-10, top-20 accounts? If I look at 
that as percentage of revenues, it's declined not just in this quarter, but actually for last several 
quarters. So any particular phenomena going on there? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
There's a technical reason. I think it's largely because some of the revenue which was getting 
accounted under IBM due to the revenue which was coming through the transfer of contracts, 
that has now come into our books. So, basically, there's one continuing factor which keeps 
reducing. That's one. And FOREX is also another reason. I think these are the two. Otherwise, 
there are normal client movements up and down, but quite healthy growth, in fact, we see our 
top client categories grow very well. If you see, I think top-20 has grown faster than the company 
services growth rate. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Secondly, how is your portfolio growth skewed towards Europe both in terms of your order 
booking as well as in terms of  your pipeline, just trying to understand that the concerns on macro 
is actually more weighed more towards Europe, so if macro were to deteriorate, how much of 
risk that maybe from your orders or the pipeline perspective? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, I think we did not say that booking is skewed towards Europe. Our booking is a lot more 
skewed towards US, North America so that's one. Now the second aspect is Europe had pretty 
strong growth this quarter, followed by a previous quarter, which was also good. This is really 
coming from the execution of one deal, which we had won some time back, and that too in the 
telecom vertical. So, that is one reason. And there were also some projects where we had certain 
assets that were involved so, some of the supply chain easing, so they were planned to be 
delivered this quarter. So, these two elements helped almost a significant increase in the telecom 
business in Europe, and that caused this big uptick. But you will see that our overall telecom 
business is not showing the same type of growth, because we had some significant reductions in 
one large telecom account, which kind of neutralized that. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
So, now in terms of macros our booking has been very strong in the US, in the last two quarters. 
And as I had mentioned earlier, the decision-making delays are visible in Europe. So, that should 
kind of maybe moderate Europe for some time. However, the pipeline in Europe is still very 
good. Some of the deals which have been delayed for some time, we expect the conversions in 
this quarter or even early next quarter. So, I think we will see Q2, Q3, next year, we will see 
continued traction. There may be a little softness in the interim. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Last question, CVK, on the bookings front, you last time gave an outlook that you expect very 
good bookings in December quarter. Any kind of visibility that you might be able to provide for 
March quarter bookings, if possible? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
It's difficult to call it out, but I do feel confident, on a year-on-year basis, we are probably up 
13%, I think YTD, 13% up from TCV perspective. I am hoping to maintain that, but it's difficult 
to I mean, there can always be spikes, right, some things which we expect to happen in March, 
could happen in April. So, it's difficult to commit to a number. But pipeline is good. And in fact, 
the number of deals which are coming into our unqualified pipeline, that is the deals which are 
coming in where we have not yet qualified to the shortlist, there is a very strong traction there. 
And I think that will kind of compensate for some kind of softness in the discretionary spend. 
So, that's why overall whether it is vendor consolidation or cost takeout kind of deals and Cloud 
adoption, I think we are starting to see large transactions in Cloud adoption. Financial Services 
sectors has not kind of migrated a lot of workloads to Cloud. And I think we are starting to see 
good traction around that. So, all of this is giving us confidence that the pipeline and the order, 
the type of deals that we are winning, and the market share we are gaining all of them is giving 
us some level of assurance that bookings will continue to be good. And then that will eventually 
translate to revenues. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
I think, Gaurav, if I may just add, if you see our last five, or even six quarters, it's been very 
steady sort of numbers between $2-2.5 billion in all of these quarters, so I think and as you know 
very well, these are all new bookings, new incremental booking net wins, there is no renewal in 
that. I think the steadiness is what I would like to call out in addition, which I think is a good 
way to keep the clock ticking. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Prateek I just wanted to pick your brains around the aspiration to get back to that 19% to 20% 
EBIT margins that you suggested during the US Analyst Day. If you could help us understand 
how you are seeing the situation evolve from a wage hike standpoint going into next year. And 
if you could also call out the different levers that you think will play to your advantage in terms 
of margin improvement over the foreseeable future. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Manik, you know, there are two buckets I would delve into. One is the bigger things which are 
sort of translating into revenue and EBIT every quarter, bit-by-bit, including this quarter and the 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
previous quarter. And then there is a long list of all the other metrics, right. So, the first one is, 
our constant hiring of freshers, if you take the last 12 months, we are at around 30,000, those 
freshers coming in at a steady clip, not bunched up in one quarter for example. And they are 
being trained and deployed on projects and start to bill. And the time to bill improvements that 
we have been making progressively is the first lever. And it is basically quarter-after-quarter, 
year-after-year as we keep building those layers, it is a layered strategy if you like, and that really 
forms the bedrock, the bottom of the pyramid over three-four years, and that is what we have 
been doing and that is starting to pay off. 
The second one is obviously utilization of not only the freshers, but also the laterals that we 
have. Our entire workforce really and that utilization came under stress due to multiple reasons. 
One is the supply chain tightness. The second is a very heightened attrition, because when you 
have that much of attrition you are forced to keep a few extra people to backfill that, right. So, 
as our attrition is moderating, quarterly annualized attrition has significantly come down over 
the last two quarters actually, last 12 months doesn't show that to be honest. But in QAA terms, 
Quarterly Annualized Attrition, that has come down quite a bit. And that gives us the levers to 
reduce the unbilled people on the projects, and so on so forth. 
So, utilization, to my mind is one of our biggest levers continuing. And then, of course, all the 
offshoring of the work, nearshoring of the work and improvements in the nearshore locations 
that have started expanding, and we are optimizing them, all those things will play into it. And 
I mean, whatever you may say about the environment, but we continue to see improvement in 
our billing realizations as well. So, last quarter was a 1%, this quarter, it's that 30 bps that I called 
out. Those are continuing and as more and more deals of the last 12 months come, some more 
percentage of the total will keep on improving I believe. So, those three, four things are the 
biggest levers, and then there is all the rest of it, which includes automation, and all the 
optimizations that we do, which obviously need to take care first of the salary increment, and 
then deliver higher EBIT and all the other metrics thereafter. 
Manik Taneja: 
And one last clarification question with regards to the typical seasonality that we see around our 
Services business between the 3rd Quarter and 4th Quarter. Typically, 4th Quarter tends to be 
higher in terms of sequential growth do you expect that trend to sustain in FY'23, given the 
current macro backdrop? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
So, yes, I mean there is some bit of catch up that a lot of the teams do during the last quarter, but 
that is all baked in to the guidance that we have given. So, 16% to 16.5% kind of captures that 
quite adequately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
CVK, just wanted to understand within the TCV, which has been healthier for us, is there any 
major change in terms of proportion of deal wins, which are cost takeout, vendor consolidation 
led deals versus the discretionary transformational digital led deals? And will this trend continue 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
and the proportion may keep increasing, which may give us confidence that FY'24 could be 
again healthier especially in our services business? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so Sandeep, in fact, the three large deals in this quarter, none of them are really driven by 
cost takeout. One is really realigning a product operating model. And right now, the client is 
already outsourced in a onshore/offshore model. So, it's really not a cost led deal. It's really a 
transformation deal, where we will lead with the changes in the overall IT operating model, that's 
number 1. 
Number 2 is, again, vendor consolidation opportunity and it's really not so much driven by cost. 
The third deal is again, really transitioning from vendors or service providers who are struggling 
or who are not looked at by the clients as futuristic, right. So, these were the opportunities that 
we won. 
Now the cost takeout deals, we are seeing a lot of them come into our unqualified pipeline at 
this point in time. So, only when we get shortlisted into three or four kind of shortlisted vendors, 
then we add it to the qualified pipeline. I see them coming into the pipeline in this quarter and 
next quarter, and they will really result in some kind of bookings in Q2, Q3 of next year. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just last question, do you witness any slowness in terms of the Cloud adoption or Digital 
adoption for clients entering into CY'23, because that could be what has been implied from some 
of the hyperscalers where they see the last two years has been very great in terms of Cloud 
migration, which can normalize going forward now. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think, see, there is this whole hybrid operating model which was driven by or remote 
operating model which was driven by COVID, I think that definitely gave a huge spike to Cloud 
consumption. But that is just only one leg of opportunity and that was really led by more 
consumption and not much of a transformative services like modernizing applications or data 
and things like that. 
Now, as I mentioned, even earlier and even during the Analyst Day, a lot of big customers have 
signed up for sizable capacity with the hyperscalers. And these are all just booking numbers for 
the hyperscalers. So, the customer wants to also make the best use of the booking commitments 
they have given. And the hyperscalers are also encouraging them to accelerate migration. So, I 
think that's creating a good opportunity pipeline for us. 
I see it only accelerating, because big companies, with a committed spend on Cloud providers, 
they need to really leverage the capacity that they have contracted. So, I see more and more 
urgency to really drive this. However, it is still not, lift and shift is not very high. Unless they 
have a very aging infrastructure, they kind of look at it as an easy solution to do lift and shift, 
and they can do modernization and optimization later, but most large clients are looking at 
application modernization and re-architecting the landscape to perform financially in an optimal 
manner on the Cloud environment. So, I see that trend continuing, and I see it only accelerate. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Any early Thoughts on IT budgets, timing, direction, what are your client conversation 
suggesting? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
See Surendra, it is early days to get a sense of the budget. There are two things, one is the 
discretionary spend and I don't think anybody has a good grip on what is the level of moderation 
that can happen in discretionary spend. But what we saw in the last quarter was, wherever the 
projects were not critical, clients had kind of deprioritized that, but a lot of work that we are 
doing in Financial Services for example, we don't see clients kind of rushing to reduce anything, 
I think they are all continuing with the Digital Transformation program. So, I think that's one 
aspect where we have to go more into this year to realize what the impact will be. 
However, a lot of deals are going to come out of the current spends customers are doing, either 
vendor consolidation or cost optimization. So, I think that's not going to be driven by what 
budgets they have. It's really a close to $115 billion worth of vendor consolidation opportunities 
that are expected in the next two and a half years. I think that's where we are going to get a good 
outcome for ourselves. 
Surendra Goyal: 
And just one more follow up. I think Prateek did talk about realization improvement. So, I just 
wanted to understand about realization for the deals which have been signed in the current 
quarter because obviously the realizations you are seeing today are from deals which were signed 
a while back. Has there been any change in direction from that perspective over the last few 
quarters? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
No, Surendra like I think we discussed maybe in the last call, we made a definitive change in 
our rate card somewhere, January last year. So, basically all deals signed since then have been 
at better rates, and there has been no change in that in this quarter or the previous quarter. 
Surendra Goyal: 
And that includes the vendor consolidation, cost take out kind of deals, right. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Yes, like CVK said, we have not had too many of them till now. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
At least this quarter is driven by 3 deals, which has nothing to do with cost take outs. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Just one last point on Software, obviously, you had a great quarter. And I don't want any 
numbers. But would you be comfortable to say that it's a growth business going into next year? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, Surendra as I said, I mean, two data points really does not constitute a trend, we will have to 
wait for some more data points before we make that conclusion. So, I would leave it at this. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Girish Pai: 
The ACV numbers for the quarter on a year-on-year basis grew by just 2% versus in the first 
half it grew by approximately 20%. So, how should one read into the slowing number? Is it 
because the tenure of the deals you won in the quarter is larger? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so the large deals are slightly longer tenure, I mean a couple of them are five years, in one 
of them, one part of it is eight years, the rest of the part is five years. So, I think that has a skew. 
But one thing if you have to look at our YTD booking, and you were to do ACV growth, Girish, 
the ACV growth is 13% on a YTD basis. So, that's a pretty strong growth from an ACV 
perspective. This quarter, maybe the mix of deals was a little different so ACV was soft. 
Girish Pai: 
Do you see the mix of deals, continuing the way you saw in 3Q, I mean will this mix continue 
into the next few quarters? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Difficult to call, I mean, deals come in all kinds of shapes and forms and tenures. We feel there 
is a reasonable market opportunity to at least create a 10% ACV increase so I will leave it there. 
I mean, what is not happening in Q4 could happen in Q1. But on a rolling 12 month basis I think 
that would be a good expectation and goal for us to go out. 
Girish Pai: 
The third party hardware and software that you kind of incurred in the cost part, do we see a 
situation where customers are pushing more of this on to the vendors unlike say 12 month back,  
is that a phenomenon that you see amongst customers? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No Girish, I don't see any specific phenomenon, but I think what's happening is supply chains 
were very tight. And some of this hardware delivery and all started getting a little bit easier in 
the maybe September-October timeframe. So, that kind of helped us to kind of finish some of 
the project deliverables, which was all planned, it was expected, either it was to be included in 
Q2 or Q3. So, it really happened in Q3. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
I just wanted your view on the ER&D services, given the fact that they generally tend to be more 
towards the development side, and also hi-tech is seen in some kind of pressure. What's our view 
on ER&D over the next few quarters? 
Vijay Guntur: 
You are right, some of the decisions on product lines and the products discontinuing, are 
impacting. But we have a large set of business, which is about sustaining existing products, and 
also transforming. So, that, in a way, is giving us a cushion to take care of some of the headwinds 
that we see. And this is not across all of our engineering services business in the tech space, we 
see a little more, whereas in our asset heavy business, we don't see this kind of a trend. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Just for my understanding, how would, I mean, what percentage of ER&D roughly would be 
technology? Is it like the largest one or it’s not very large? 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Vijay Guntur: 
It'll be a little over 11% of our total ER&D. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Komal Ladha from Yellow Jersey Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Komal Ladha: 
Yes, I wanted to ask, do you face any major challenges with employee costs as startups are 
having higher packages? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, I think that was an issue two quarters ago and even last quarter, but this quarter, we are 
already seeing a little bit moderation in the talent cost and attrition and all that. Attrition came 
down significantly. So, the situation has improved quite significantly in this quarter. 
Komal Ladha: 
And what kind of fresher hiring are you looking at in coming quarters? 
R. Sundararajan: 
Our fresher numbers, whatever we have planned for this year, we will be getting pretty close to 
the planned numbers. There will be some slight moderation as the attrition has started dropping 
quite significantly. We will be making some small moderation to that otherwise, we will 
continue with the plans that we have made for the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Wanted to know on the ACV for the Software wins, so could you shed some light on the size of 
the deals with Ferrari, and any indication you would like to get there on general size, tenure for 
the new deals you are winning? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
We don't give deal specific numbers on both the Services and Software business. Wherever we 
could call out where permissions we have already given an indication. But usually the Software 
ticket sizes are small it could be anywhere from $100k to maybe $10 million, kind of ticket sizes. 
That's what we typically see. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference to Mr. C. Vijayakumar for closing comments. Thank you and over to you sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, overall, we have had a fabulous quarter on all dimensions- revenue growth, improving 
margins, strong booking performance, and very good people metrics. We continue to remain 
positive about the overall tech spend of the clients. There can always be one or two quarters 
where there can be some moderation, but the strength of our propositions which is really very 
well balanced, and the very impressive recognitions that we have from analysts and the very 
satisfied clients that we have, we are very confident to weather any economic storm with a mix 
of vendor consolidation opportunities and continuing to double down on Cloud adoption and our 
digital engineering strategies. So, overall, I remain positive about the outlook for the future and 
thank you for joining us and have a great evening. 

 
HCL Technologies Limited 
January 12, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of HCL Technologies limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
