ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115      
   CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address:      
  Registered Office:    
  Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11,    ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,  
  Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West),      Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,     
  Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064     
  Mumbai - 400 025     
  Website: www.icicilombard.com 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/193-1/2023 
January 20, 2023 
To, 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for quarter and nine-months 
ended December 31, 2022  
This is further to our letter dated January 6, 2023 and January 17, 2023, please note 
that the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and 
analyst(s) on Tuesday, January 17, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2022.  
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for 
the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2022. 
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at 
www.icicilombard.com. You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2023.01.20 
19:13:02 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q3 & 9MFY2023 Earnings Conference Call  
January 17, 2023 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
                                     MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
 
 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 2 of 28 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY23 Earnings Conference Call 
January 17, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Q3 & 9MFY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. From the Senior Management, we have with 
us today Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta - MD & CEO of the Company; Mr. 
Gopal Balachandran – CFO & CRO; Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – Executive 
Director; and Mr. Alok Agarwal – Executive Director.  
Please note that any statements or comments are made in today’s call 
that may look like forward-looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management, and do not constitute an 
indication of any future performance as future involved risk, and 
uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially from the 
current views being expressed. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta, MD & CEO, ICICI Lombard 
General Insurance Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thank you Faizan. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for 
joining the earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company Limited for Q3 and 9MFY2023. As always I will 
give you a brief overview of the industry trends and developments that 
we have witnessed in the past few months. Post this, our CFO, Mr. 
Gopal Balachandran will share the financial performance of the 
company, for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 3 of 28 
During the quarter, the Indian economy was largely driven by domestic 
consumption, with activity across the industry and services sectors in 
expansion mode. Credit growth has been showing double digit growth 
since April 2022 supported by both retail and wholesale lending. 
However, the synchronized tightening of policy rates by global central 
banks, has been slowing down global demand and international trade. 
Global slowdown, has been putting pressure on the current account and 
can adversely impact domestic growth going forward.  
For the quarter, as per data published by SIAM the new vehicle sales 
continued to deliver strong growth year-on-year for the private car 
segment, with continued momentum in the underlying insurance 
demand. The commercial vehicle segment growth was supported by 
robust growth in end user industries (such as infrastructure and e-
commerce), while the two-wheeler segment grew on a smaller base, 
however in volume terms, the segment continues to remain below pre-
pandemic levels. Health insurance, continued to drive the overall 
industry growth. The commercial lines witnessed growth in line with the 
current market environment. We remain optimistic that the insurance 
industry will continue to grow given the low penetration, favorable 
regulatory changes and positive consumer sentiment.  
Speaking of the performance, the GI industry delivered a Gross Direct 
Premium Income (GDPI) growth of 16.2% for 9MFY2023. Excluding 
crop, the growth was 17.5% for the same period. At the same time, the 
underwriting performance remained poor, with the combined ratio of the 
industry at 116.6% in H1FY2023. For Motor business, combined ratio 
for the industry was 123.5% in H1FY2023 as compared to 110.4% in 
H1FY2022 as per public disclosures.  
The Authority in the current financial year, has introduced various 
reforms seeking to expand the market and increase the penetration of 
insurance products towards its mission of “Insurance for all by 2047”. 
During the quarter the Authority –  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 4 of 28 
1. Mandated KYC requirements w.e.f January 1, 2023 
2. Notified the increase in number of tie-ups from 3 to 9 in case of 
corporate agents for each category of insurer 
3. Notified Regulatory Sandbox Regulations eliminating the time 
limit to facilitate innovation in products or solutions and to 
increase the experimental period up to 36 months.  
4. Constituted working committee to put in place effective 
regulatory framework, post de-notification of existing tariff 
wordings under Fire, Engineering and Motor OD.  
5. Further, exposure drafts have been issued for ‘Long term Motor 
insurance products’ covering Motor OD and Motor TP and ‘Long 
term Fire Insurance products’.  
6. The authorities also Issued registration of insurance company 
regulations, simplifying the process of registration for insurance 
companies and to promote ease of doing business.  
We believe that these changes will be disruptive in the short-term, but 
we will have a positive effect on the insurance penetration over the long 
term.  
Moving to business impact for us during the quarter, the Company grew 
by 16.9% as compared to the industry growth of 18.1%. Excluding crop, 
the company grew by 17.1%.  
Coming to the growth for key segments during the quarter:  
 
In Motor, the growth remained muted at 4.7%. The competitive 
intensity continued on the motor OD side especially on the 
Private car segment. We continued to focus on profitable sub 
segments using historical granular data and rebalanced our 
portfolio resulting in our CV mix at 22.2% for 9MFY2023. 
 
Similar to the previous year, Health segment continued to be the 
fastest growing segment for the industry. During the quarter, we 
grew at 47.9%, which was significantly higher than the industry 
growth of 24.9%.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 5 of 28 
 
As a result of our continued investments in Retail Health 
distribution, we have outgrown the industry and standalone 
players with a growth of 24.2%. This was driven by business 
sourced through retail health agency vertical which grew at 
40.1%. 
 
I would also like to share that our one stop solution for all 
insurance and wellness needs, “IL TakeCare” app, has 
surpassed 3.7 million user downloads till date. The incremental 
download for the quarter was 0.9 million. ILTakeCare app 
contributed Rs. 347.9 million to the GDPI of Q3FY23.  
 
Our Bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 
39.3% this quarter. Within this ICICI Bank distribution grew by 
30.9% and non-ICICI Bank distribution grew by 44.2%. Post 
pandemic, the recovery in credit growth along with increase in 
wallet share and distribution partners acquired through the 
demerger has been the key growth driver.  
 
Our business sourced through our Digital One team grew by 
28.3%.   
o Overall, our digital focus has enabled us to increase our 
digital revenues to Rs. 2.62 billion which accounts for 
4.8% of our overall GDPI for this quarter. This excludes 
revenues from ILTakeCare app mentioned earlier.  
 
As far as the commercial lines are concerned, we experience 
robust growth driven by growth of 25.2% in the SME segment.  
We remain on track and are focused on growth levers such as 
innovation, digital advancements, new products, strengthening our 
distribution engine, rationalizing cost while scaling up our preferred 
lines of business.  
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for 
the recently concluded quarter.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 6 of 28 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now give 
you a brief overview of the financial performance of the company for Q3 
& 9MFY2023. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on our 
website. You can access it as we walk you through the performance 
numbers.  
                                   Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the company was Rs. 160.48 
billion in 9MFY2023 as against Rs. 133.11 billion in 9MFY2022, a 
growth of 20.6% which was higher than the industry growth of 16.2%. 
Excluding crop, GDPI growth of the company was at 19.9% which was 
higher than the industry growth of 17.5% in 9MFY2023.  
                                   GDPI was at Rs. 54.93 billion in Q3FY2023 as against Rs. 46.99 billion 
in Q3FY2022, a growth of 16.9% as against industry growth of 18.1%. 
Excluding crop, GDPI growth of the company was at 17.1% which was 
higher than the industry growth of 16.6% in Q3FY2023.  
Our GDPI growth was primarily driven by growth in the preferred 
segments. The overall GDPI of our property and casualty segment grew 
by 17.8% at Rs. 46.35 billion in 9M FY2023 as against Rs. 39.34 billion 
in 9MFY2022.  
On the retail side of business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at Rs. 
64.00 billion in 9MFY2023 as against Rs.58.15 billion in 9MFY2022, 
registering a growth of 10.1%.  
Our agents (including point of sale or POS) count, was at 106,119 as 
on December 31, 2022, up from 100,636 as on September 30, 2022.  
The advance premium was Rs. 32.79 billion as at December 31, 2022, 
as against Rs. 34.34 billion as at September 30, 2022.  
Resultantly, the combined ratio was 104.6% in 9MFY2023 as against 
111.0% in 9MFY2022. The combined ratio was 104.4% in Q3FY2023 
as against 104.5% in Q3FY2022. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 7 of 28 
Our investment assets rose to Rs. 414.51 billion as at December 31, 
2022, up from Rs. 400.96 billion as at September 30, 2022. Our 
investment leverage (net of borrowings) was 4.16 times as at December 
31, 2022, as against 4.08 times as at September 30, 2022.  
Investment income was at Rs. 21.60 billion in 9MFY2023 as against Rs. 
22.95 billion in 9MFY2022. On a quarterly basis, investment income 
increased to Rs. 7.66 billion in Q3FY2023 as against Rs.6.90 billion in 
Q3FY2022. Our capital gains (net of impairment on equity investment 
assets) stood at Rs. 2.94 billion in 9MFY2023 as compared to Rs. 6.01 
billion in 9MFY2022. Capital gains in Q3FY2023 was at Rs.1.52 billion 
as compared to Rs.1.31 billion in Q3FY2022. 
Our Profit before tax (PBT), grew by 21.0% at Rs. 15.40 billion in 
9MFY2023 as against Rs. 12.73 billion in 9MFY2022, whereas PBT 
grew by 10.5% at Rs. 4.65 billion in Q3FY2023 as against Rs. 4.21 
billion in Q3FY2022.  
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT) grew by 34.8% at Rs. 12.92 billion 
in 9MFY2023 as against Rs. 9.59 billion in 9MFY2022, whereas PAT 
grew by 11.0% at Rs. 3.53 billion in Q3FY2023 from Rs. 3.18 billion in 
Q3FY2022. PAT includes reversal of tax provision of Rs. 1.28 billion in 
Q2FY2023. Excluding this, growth in PAT was 21.4% for 9MFY2023. 
Return on average equity i.e., ROAE was 18.1% in 9M FY2023 as 
against 15.1% in 9MFY2022. The ROAE for Q3FY2023 was 14.3% as 
against 14.6% in Q3FY2022.  
The Solvency ratio was at 2.45x as at December 31, 2022, as against 
2.47x as at September 30, 2022, continued to be higher than the 
minimum regulatory requirement of 1.50x.  
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate we continue to stay focused on 
driving profitable growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding 
interest of policyholders at all times.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 8 of 28 
I would like to thank you for attending this earnings call and we would 
be happy to take any questions that you still may have. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee 
from B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Good Evening Sir, thank you for the opportunity and congrats for the 
numbers. As your Retail Health segment numbers seem to be coming 
out very nicely. So, just wanted to understand that segment in a little bit 
more detail. On the Retail Health agency side, what would be the share 
in the mix and how do you anticipate this to be growing going ahead, 
because the growth of 40% must have come on a slightly smaller base, 
so, will that growth rate sustain or how will it pan out, this is my first 
question. Second is on the Motor TP loss ratio, so, this quarter the 
number is very strong. How should we think about that, as this quarter 
particularly, I’m seeing that there has been some amount of change in 
the GDPI mix between two-wheeler and CV, is that also a quarterly kind 
of a thing, which would reverse, because I thought that you wanted to 
keep CV at around 24- 25%. Broadly, these are my questions.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, maybe specifically the TP loss ratio, I will ask Gopal to answer but 
to answer your first question on the Retail Health business, as we’ve 
been saying, when you invest at the scale that we’re doing, relative to 
our current size, it takes time for people to come in, stabilize, hire 
agents, for the agents to become active and then productive, it takes 
some time, so we’ve been saying that, for it to start building up it may 
take three to six months from the time that we started talking about it. 
So, this quarter is the first quarter where we are beginning to see real 
impact of the investment that we are making, but this is still early days. 
We are very confident that this growth numbers for the Retail Health 
agency channel will sustain going ahead.  
Overall health growth will be driven by multiple other factors, you will 
have to look at what happens on the bancassurance side, because if 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 9 of 28 
you look at our group health number, that’s also growing quite fast 
compared to the industry. That’s driven by two reasons - One, the 
bancassurance channels that we are talking about, both in terms of 
what came through the acquisition and also in terms of our existing 
partners, they are growing really well. ICICI Bank has been growing 
well, in this quarter. Those other channels are largely driven by slight 
share of wallet increase, but however largely driven by credit growth. 
So, that will be the dynamic for that segment of the group health 
business, and corporate group which is a B2B2C for employees, GMC 
or GHI, whatever you call it, that segment is largely driven by pricing. 
So, right now we are increasing pricing, we are still winning accounts, 
because the market is finally stabilizing in terms of pricing. That growth 
will come through as long as the pricing is to our satisfaction. So, that’s 
to give you an overall perspective on health. But if your specific question 
is on retail health agency growth, can we sustain 40%, we believe we 
can.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee:  
Okay. Sir any color on the mix, how much would be Retail Health 
agency now, in your overall retail health, some ballpark number would 
be fine sir? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, relatively it’s doing well, if you look at our overall Retail Health 
indemnity, that number for the quarter would have kind of grown by 
almost about 25%, 26%, within that the agency vertical has kind of 
grown at about 40%. So, hence , as Bhargav mentioned, one of the 
other things that we have been talking to the market  whether on retail 
health indemnity can we sustain the growth numbers which is faster 
than not just the industry but even the standalone health companies. 
But at least for the last four months in September onwards, we have 
been able to demonstrate that, the key will be to sustain it, as we  look 
forward. But really we are optimistic and we’re continuing to make those 
investments in the Retail Health distribution franchise.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 10 of 28 
To your second point on the TP loss ratios, and let’s say relative and 
corresponding to that, the CV mix. In so  far as the thought process is 
concerned, at least on the selection of business mix within motor, there 
is no change in thought process which is to say that while the market 
continues to remain competitive, at least on certain segments of private 
car and therefore we continue to take a calibrated position. Wherever 
we see opportunities, whether it’s on two-wheeler or CV, obviously we 
have been writing those profitable segments, as what we indicated as 
a part of our opening remarks, in the process is what we’ve indicated 
that possibly our mix of commercial vehicles could stay range bound 
within, let’s say, around 24-25% threshold, in a quarter that number 
going down to let’s say 22% mix, obviously it’s a function of the business 
mix that one is able to source in a particular quarter. And given the fact 
that Q3 generally is a seasonal quarter when it comes to let’s say writing 
of risks between private car two-wheelers and commercial vehicles. So 
as far as the thought process is concerned, and year end mix is 
concerned, we should get to see the CV around that range of 23- 24%  
level is what one would say. So, this is a quarter where there is lot of 
festive demand for private car and two-wheelers and so those numbers 
get elevated in this quarter. That’s the reason why the mix is relatively 
smaller for CV its nothing else.  
 
  And the other point on the TP loss ratios, you have to look at loss ratios 
again not between quarters, but over longer periods, ideally year end is 
the best way to look at the TP loss ratios, because in some quarters, 
you will see the effect of some of the positions that we would have taken 
from a reserving perspective, that we would start to see getting played 
out, so far as actual loss development experiences are concerned. So, 
in that particular quarter you may possibly see some  release of 
reserves that would have been given effect to. And corresponding to 
that is what you get to see the outcome in so far as the TP loss ratio 
numbers are concerned. But otherwise, so far as the reserving 
philosophy is concerned, I don’t think there is any change in the 
reserving philosophy, it pretty much remains the same. And hence, you 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 11 of 28 
should look at the TP loss ratios over not just on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis but look at it more over longer periods of development.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Sure, sir got it, very helpful. Also, if you could throw some light on 
how to think about the expense ratio in terms of how to think about 
CAPEX and OPEX. And, how will it pan out going ahead for the next 
three-four quarters, as it continues to remain elevated close to around 
30% mark?  
Gopal Balachandran: Which is what we had indicated Swarnabha, that’s what we have been 
talking through. What essentially happens is, particularly when you’re 
continuing with your investments in various areas of opportunities that 
we have spoken about in terms of long term growth potential, whether 
it is with respect to the opportunity that we see on the digital side, or 
even for the matter of fact the continued investment that we’re making 
on building the Retail Health distribution franchise, where it’s not just a 
one off addition to manpower that we did last year, that’s a continuing 
one even as we speak in the current period. Now, all of this is something 
as what we were explaining in our earlier calls will entail in up fronting 
of expenses. The benefit of revenues is obviously something that we 
get paid out over a period of time. Now, as I mentioned, in response to 
the earlier one, clearly, we are seeing early signs of some of those 
investments getting played out in terms of our growth percentages 
reflecting those investments. And hence, given the fact that this is a 
continuing one, we will obviously get to see the expense ratio stay at 
the current levels at where we are largely operating at. Having said that, 
we will obviously monitor and come back to the market and give an 
update in terms of how those investments are playing out in each of the 
areas. So, that’s something that will be a continuing one. Obviously, 
revenue will catch up. 
Your other point on let’s say some of the investments between CAPEX 
and OPEX, that’s something that is an ongoing one, as we have been 
talking through, we do undertake various transformational projects, 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 12 of 28 
which will keep the organization future ready in terms of our ability to 
deliver products and services to the market. And hence, to that extent 
you will obviously see continuing investments whether it is on CAPEX 
or whether it is for any operating expenses. The only aspect that I will 
add is from Q4 onwards in line with what we have been again talking 
about, we have been able to successfully complete the technology 
migration, which we had indicated that we will complete by Q3 of this 
year, that’s pretty much done. And hence to that extent the benefit of 
whatever amount of synergies that we were expecting to realize out of 
those technology expense is something that we will start to see from 
Q4 onwards.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: Just one more comment to add to what Gopal said, last year we shared 
with you that we moved our entire technology stack to the cloud, so all 
our applications are on cloud. That’s a call we’ve taken, not from our 
CAPEX versus OPEX perspective because all of that part of the CAPEX 
in future will be converted into OPEX, but it has been taken in the 
interest of business from a longer-term perspective, it gives us more 
agility, more elasticity and more scalability. So, all of that factors go in 
our decision, from a longer-term perspective rather than looking at 
whether you want to keep that expense and amortize cost over period 
and look at CAPEX versus OPEX to manage the financials. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions. And both looking at 9M data just to sort of clear 
out the noise of quarter-to-quarter. Firstly, now the combined ratio at 
around say 104-105% that is where you have indicated, now because 
of this investment side volatility, and if I were to remove the tax refund, 
on this 104-105% combined ratio is leading to a more of a 16% ROE. 
Now are you comfortable with this, assuming the investment yields will 
continue to be at this level. You can argue that vis-à-vis where industry 
is, you are much better and that I admit, but of course you don’t have 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 13 of 28 
the advantage of not being listed, you are listed company so of course 
you’re monitoring all the return parameters. So, that question on sort of 
you are balancing your combined ratio growth and profitability that’s 
number one. And number two, again if I look at Motor as a combined 
portfolio, on a year-on-year basis your loss ratio are more or less fine, 
this 100 basis points movement. But, if I drill down to the underwriting 
results, it suggests that there is a material increase on the OPEX side 
in motor. So, if you can just help us understand what is the OPEX cost 
that is driving higher underwriting losses on a 9M basis for our Motor 
portfolio? So, these are my questions. Thank you.  
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, Avinash let me take the first one, and I will ask Gopal to give you a 
breakdown of where that is coming from in terms of motor underwriting. 
On the first, as we’ve articulated since the time that we executed these 
transactions we have said that there were certain synergy benefits that 
we had assumed, but in reality we are seeing higher synergy benefits, 
we felt that it was appropriate from a longer-term perspective to invest 
that for growth. And that is what we did, it was really a capital allocation 
call of looking at the longer-term versus some short-term efficiency. We 
also said that in the first couple of years, maybe the combined ratio will 
be elevated, while our endeavor will always be to reduce it and bring it 
closer to maybe 102 in a couple of years. So, to that extent our view or 
our outlook has not changed. If that happens obviously, our ROEs as 
we have indicated in the past will be in the high teens. Now you can 
calculate the ROE for yourself it will probably be higher than 16% if we 
achieve the objective that we set for ourselves. It is also a fact that, 
during this period we probably did not anticipate the pricing around the 
motor OD side to the extent that we have experienced in the last six 
months that has had some impact on us this year. But what we are 
seeing is some calibration, some moderation, we are seeing some early 
signs of improvement. And if that happens, that will help us in achieving 
the objectives that we have talked about. So, hopefully, just to answer 
your question. It is not about being comfortable at where we are, this is 
really a short-term journey to achieve something which is more value 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 14 of 28 
creating for the longer-term objective and continues to be improving 
combined ratio and improving ROEs.  
Gopal Balachandran: And to your second point on the motor underwriting experience, 
Avinash. It’s a function of two things, one is obviously you will have to 
look at it in the context of what growth are we exhibiting. So, relative to 
let’s say the market as you would have seen clearly on motor in the 
aggregate we have underperformed, which is a conscious call that we’re 
taking in order to kind of stay focused on the selective portfolios which 
is from a profitability perspective. And to that extent obviously there is a 
denominator effect that tends to get played out when it comes to the 
expense ratio. And two, given the fact that end of the day there is 
obviously a set of expenses that you can identify with a particular 
segment but equally there are expenses which are of a fixed nature, 
which typically gets allocated between various product lines. And 
therefore to that extent, that will also be a function of what outcome that 
you see insofar as the overall expense ratios for a particular segment is 
concerned, which is why instead of maybe specifically looking at 
individual lines of businesses from an expense ratio standpoint, it is 
rather better to look at the overall expense ratios for the company as a 
whole, which if you look at it at least on a whether you look at it on a 
nine-month to nine-month basis, or let’s say even for that matter of fact 
when you look at those numbers on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the 
expense ratios have largely stayed around the threshold of around 
29.5% to around 30% thereabout. So hence, as growth gets revived, 
particularly in the context of motor and the fact that we are seeing  the 
market at this point of time is obviously competitive, which is why as a 
part of the opening remarks we also specifically put out for motor the 
industry combined ratios continue to stay elevated at almost 124%. And 
hence, once we start to see as what Bhargav also mentioned, some bit 
of easing is what we have seen, but once we start seeing the cycle 
completely turning back, we will be obviously able to get the growth 
back. And therefore to that extent, you will also see maybe the expense 
ratios getting allocated to that segment reflecting better numbers. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 15 of 28 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have three questions. My first question is on the realized investment 
yield, that came in at about 1.88 for this quarter and if we sort of plot 
your yields versus the 5 year GSEC yield performance, your yield have 
sort of ranged between 1.7% to 2%, on quarterly basis since even 
during FY20-21 when the GSEC yields were at its lowest in the recent 
past. So, I’m trying to understand where we are missing on the yields 
bit, if you can help me understand that because my main question is 
that we were expecting this to be higher than what it has turned out to 
be first is on that. Second is on the crop book, so for the 9M period, the 
loss ratio sort of inched up to 90%. Now last time, you had mentioned 
that you’ve written a big chunk of this business with Maharashtra 
government, which has some cap loss program at 80-110, or something 
like that. So, how is the performance of that book and whether this 
inching up of the loss ratio is from the Bharti AXA book, so just trying to 
understand where the higher loss ratio is coming from. And third is on 
retail health, last time you had mentioned that you guys have hired 1000 
retail health sales managers and each one of them will go out and 
onboard more agents, etc. So, if you can give us an update on whether 
all those 1, 000 onboarding is finished, are we hiring more sales 
managers and how is that process going. Thank you. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, let me respond in the same sequence. So, if you look at the realized 
yield, it’s an annualized number. So, on an annualized basis that 
reflects roughly about 7.52%, which given the current interest rate, we 
would think it’s pretty good in terms of realizing yield on the portfolio. 
On the second one, in terms of the crop, our entire crop book is Bharti 
AXA book, everything that we have is with Bharti AXA book. There is 
no change in terms of what we’re seeing with the book performance. In 
Q2 which is last quarter, based on actual realization of the experience 
we had some releases, till we get the complete results we tend to 
reserve conservatively. And then once we actually get the final data, 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 16 of 28 
then we release if at all there is a scope for release. So, this quarter we 
have reserved as a practice in a conservative manner. Our belief is on 
the underlying voices what we get to see the Kharif, Rabi process are 
well within our comfort level and Kharif has been well within our comfort 
level. Rabi crop production also should be good given the bountiful 
rainfall that we have had. So, crop looks comfortable for us at this point 
in time. But again, these are uncertain businesses, we’ll see what 
happens in Rabi. The Rabi proportion of our business is also very small, 
so we don’t think we will have a material impact, even if it goes against 
our anticipated losses.  
Gopal Balachandran: So, on the Retail Health Shreya just to answer yes, we have  on 
boarded all the 1, 000 Retail Health agency sales managers that we 
had spoken of, to be hired. That’s pretty much done. And as I said, this 
is a continuing one, it’s not that it’s a one-off investment that we wanted 
to do in terms of what we spoke of it since quarter two of last year. So, 
that’s a continuing one, and as I had indicated obviously early signs of 
it getting played out is what I had spoken about since September 
onwards we are getting to see month-on-month traction for us clearly 
exhibiting also for months relative to even the standalone health 
companies. The key will be for us to sustain this momentum as we kind 
of build up this distribution. At the end of the day as we have also 
indicated in the past, the market share of retail health for us is still at 
sub 3%, it’s a bit of 2.9% to 3% in that range. So, there’s clearly an 
opportunity for us to stay invested and possibly try and increase our 
market share on this. 
Shreya Shivani:  
Sure. Just one clarification, so the Maharashtra crop book was also a 
part of the Bharti AXA book or I thought that was a new contract that 
you guys have entered into? 
Bhargav Dasgupta:   So, in that sense yes, but this is basically Bharti AXA had a Maharashtra 
business. We’ve kind of renewed it this year based on the 80-110, you 
are right. But the crop business came with Bharti AXA. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 17 of 28 
Moderator:  
Thank you Ms. Shivani. Next question is from the line of Hitesh Gulati 
from Haitong. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Sir firstly, I wanted to understand on agency in Retail Health, how many 
agents would have been added so for instance if we have 1, 000 new 
sales force, how many agents would be active in health. So, in the past 
we had about 6, 000 agents selling health so what would that number 
be right now? 
Management: 
We will give you a number Hitesh, we’ll come back to you with the 
number. 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Sure, sir. And the second question I had was, so these benefit policies, 
I assume other than the ICICI Bank, the other partnerships that we have 
we are doing attachment products with them and these policies 
generally tend to be quite profitable. So, is that the scenario and should 
we expect that combined ratio in this segment will be good with all these 
distribution partnerships that we’re working on? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, absolutely Hitesh, if you recollect while the mix currently on health 
products is skewed more in terms of indemnity as compared to benefit. 
But if you look at it historically, the mix was actually the opposite, where 
we had a relatively large proportion of health premium contributed more 
by the benefit product and relatively at that point of time, we were 
building up the indemnity franchise. For the last couple of years for the 
benefit segment because of market constraints, in terms of credit 
disbursals being significantly lower, and also what we have explained 
in terms of the decision that one of our bank distribution partner had 
taken, so all of that is behind us, which is why now as we speak the 
credit disbursals are back. And this segment is obviously a profitable 
one and yes, you are right it is something that will contribute to our 
underwriting outcomes and in general, the product segment is positive. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 18 of 28 
Hitesh Gulati: 
Sure, sir. And just one last thing sir, our investment income on a Q-on-
Q basis is lower, but on capital gains, it’s not materially different can 
you just guide on that sir? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, there is no specific consideration behind that Hitesh, because 
between quarters, so far as capital gain numbers are concerned that 
could also vary between periods-to-periods. But otherwise, it is as we 
have always indicated, in general when you look at the breakup of our 
overall investment income, roughly about 3/4th of that investment 
income tends to be through interest accruals, and roughly about 1/4th 
happens through capital gains. Now it’s quite possible that in some 
quarter you have a capital gain number which is slightly higher in mix. 
But otherwise, between quarters there is no specific change in the 
underlying investment thought process. In general, obviously we are 
facing this opportunity of higher interest rates, which obviously augurs 
well as higher accruals are concerned. And hence to that extent is what 
you get to see the income between quarters more as an outcome, as 
compared to anything that is specifically contributing to it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Mr. Gulati. The next question is from the line of Prayesh 
Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a couple of questions from my side, firstly Gopal, if you could 
mention how do we think about the unexpired risk reserve for the full 
year of FY2023 now that you’ve gone into nine months and I understand 
that it depends on what growth we see in fourth quarter, but assuming 
a ballpark growth of around, what we have seen around 15%, do we 
see the NEP growth to be better going ahead, that is one. Secondly, so 
in the motor segment, I would like to view that when do we really see 
growth coming strongly for you, what would be the point or what are the 
factors that can really drive this growth back to high, in line with the 
industry or even better than the industry. And in the past, you have been 
alluding to the fact that past few quarters that the motor OD pricing has 
become more or less it’s getting some cognizance and it’s getting 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 19 of 28 
better, but we don’t see that in the numbers yet. So, any further thoughts 
that would be helpful. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, on the first one honestly, what you said is what it is, when it comes 
to unexpired risk reserve, it’s purely a function of what  business mix 
that you write. And the earnings is purely a function of the contract term 
for which let us say the policies were issued. And hence to that extent, 
like for example if large part of our policies are predominantly of a one-
year duration, hence to that extent the earnings will typically get earned 
over the contract period. So hence to that extent and given the fact say 
for example this particular year we have seen the growth being 
relatively better than what we had seen in the past two periods, which 
is why you get to see in whichever period you are writing the higher 
quantum of business, to that extent for the period at which you’re ending 
up reporting numbers, you end up carrying a higher amount of 
unexpired risk reserve, which will obviously get released in the future 
periods. The outcome will be to look at more, because corresponding 
to that you would also have let say the loss experience getting paid out 
as well, so rather it is better to look at more either the loss ratio numbers 
for the company as a whole, or more importantly combined ratios will 
be far more a better reflection, rather than just looking at NEP on a 
standalone basis, because it has got multiple factors as you rightly 
mentioned in terms of mix of business, at what point of time are you 
writing those risks, and so on and so forth. So, hence, a better way to 
look at is more let’s say the loss ratios and the combined ratios. So, 
that’s in response to the first one.  
To your second point on when do we see, let’s say us changing stance. 
Obviously, this is not the first time that we have been  taking a calibrated 
call with respect to going a little slow in writing certain segments of 
business. Now that is a reason why just to repeat, what we had put out 
as a part of the introductory opening remarks, is what you get to see as 
an outcome for the overall market with respect to the motor combined 
ratios. So, mainly you see this is public information, which is why the 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 20 of 28 
industry as a whole is operating at a combined rate of 124%. Obviously, 
that does not make viable sense for us to significantly go after that 
segment, which is going to exhibit a very adverse underwriting outcome. 
That’s the reason why we have been taking calibrated calls, in the 
segments where we think the competitive intensity is far more elevated. 
But our sense is given that now we are seeing maybe continued 
quarters of combined ratio staying elevated for the market, we don’t 
think this can continue to sustain for maybe a further longer period of 
time. Already we are seeing which is what Bhargav also mentioned,  
signs of some of the players in the market starting to become far more 
rationale when it comes to underwriting this particular segment. So, our 
sense is, we will obviously watch out for the development over the next 
couple of quarters. Atleast but so far as for our investment is concerned, 
we are pretty much staying on course in the sense that we are 
expanding investments in expanding distribution even on the motor 
side, whether it comes to working with OEM in terms of the number of 
dealers whom we have access to, or for that matter of fact even with 
the number of agents that we are working with which is what you would 
have seen for the company as a whole again the aggregate number of 
agency count has gone up. So, we’re continuing to make those 
investments in writing those businesses. As and when we see the 
opportunity turn up, we will be in a better place to write this particular 
segment of business. 
Moderator:  
Thank you Mr. Jain. The next question is from the line of Sanket Godha 
from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you give me the loss ratio 
breakdown for Retail Health benefit, indemnity Health and Group Health 
and PA if possible. Just to understand how it is panning out given the 
large part of the business is new in nature, just wanted to understand 
whether it is substantially below 60 or 65 especially in the case of retail 
indemnity? 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 21 of 28 
Gopal Balachandran: Sanket, I am giving you right now Q3 numbers. Q3 loss ratios for the 
corporate health book, which is a GHI portfolio, that number is 98.9%. 
And insofar as the retail indemnity book is concerned that number is 
about 68%. 
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. 68%, means it might be a 12-13% ROE product. You are creating 
a product which will drag down the entire ROE of the company. Just 
wanted to understand is 68% a sustainable number when you look at 
the kind of growth you’re delivering, or it could come down in your view? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, Sanket there are couple of factors. One is the mix of new versus 
old. So, our new mix is increasing as the fresh business is increasing. 
But the NEP of that book hasn’t flow in as much. So, as that happens 
the loss ratio is expected to come down a bit. Second is we are also 
looking at re-pricing the renewal book, which is something that we will 
do in this quarter itself. So, overall, we expect the loss ratio to further 
come down going ahead.  
Sanket Godha: 
Okay. And in health, it has been a phenomenal year for us at least for 
nine months. So, out of the entire health if I look at the PA, benefit-
based health and Group health are driven by some kind of a factors 
which are not repeatable in nature, like credit growth being very strong 
and group health pricing being better. So, I just wanted to check 
whether the group health pricing, you have already seen a correction. 
And if on higher base the credit growth slows down, then the highly 
profitable products like benefit based and PA might contribute lower in 
the next year. So, just wanted to know, retail indemnity as you 
highlighted might do well, because of the investments you have made. 
But the growth what you have reported 40% plus in overall for nine 
months, what likely number you expect it to leverage in Q4? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, you can just go back , before the NBFC crisis, we used to have 
roughly 75% of our business in the health coming from the 
bancassurance, the retail benefit structure. So, this year, it looks like 
suddenly it’s increased because of the low base of the last two years. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 22 of 28 
Going ahead, do we expect credit growth for retail products, to come 
down significantly, that’s a call if it comes down significantly due to 
some others macroeconomic reasons of course it will come down. In 
terms of what we believe that, we are one gaining market share in most 
of the bancassurance partners that we are working with, we are looking 
at opening up other streams of businesses from each one of these 
partners, which we believe there’s an opportunity, so we are reasonably 
confident of growing the bancassurance business, may not be the same 
rate given that we have a very high growth this year on that base maybe 
it will not be the same rate of growth, but we remain confident of growing 
that channel.  
The second question that you had in terms of group health pricing, look 
at the end of the day, of course it is driven with pricing and someone 
could come in and get very aggressive that is a possibility, but if you go 
back to the reason why the group health pricing was the level where it 
was, because largely a few large companies who were doing it in an 
aggressive level. Most of them today have some solvency challenges, 
and we really don’t anticipate them coming back and doing the same 
thing right now, there is still a capital constraint. So, we believe that the 
market for group health structurally is getting better. And we believe that 
this growth should sustain for some more time. In terms of price 
increase, we took a price increase as we discussed last year we have 
talked about post COVID we had taken 15-20% price increase on that 
base we are able to get further price increases not at the same pace, 
but we are still able to get small price increases and hold on to the 
business. The other thing that is happening in health is that in Q2, we 
had talked about the fact that the claims, the frequency had got 
elevated, we are seeing that rationalize and come down to normal 
levels. So, from all of those perspectives we remain reasonably 
confident about the health business as of now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Godha. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 23 of 28 
Nidhesh: 
In your opening comments you mentioned that there has been multiple 
regulatory drafts and proposed changes and that could have a 
disruptive impact on the company, on the sector in the short-term. So, 
can you elaborate what sort of disruption you are expecting because of 
those changes? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: When there are changes, there will be some consequent impact on the 
ground. And what we’re seeing is a plethora of changes happening at 
the same time. So, it’s just that, let’s look at a couple of things that could 
create the amount of disruption, one is fresh licensing, it may not come 
in by next year. But if that comes in, there’s a lot more capital coming 
into the sector that could create some competitive pressure, that’s a 
possibility. I’m not saying it will happen, but these are things that you 
need to be conscious of and aware of. Secondly, for example 
commercial line, there is a talk of complete de-tariffication if that 
happens, there could be a round of competition. We don’t believe that 
it will have dramatic changes because, if you look at the overall 
combined ratio of the sector, and some of the players who were very 
aggressive last time when this happened, they may not have the 
capability of the capital to continue with that upwards this time, but since 
there is always a probability of amount of disruption that’s the point I 
want to make. But the larger point is that these are all in our opinion, 
very positive changes from a longer-term perspective, and we believe 
should help discipline underwriters, players like us who have capital, 
brand and presence across multiple lines of business at scale, it should 
benefit us. But, we just wanted to  tell you that there is also a probability 
of some amount of destabilization given the amount of changes that are 
happening that’s always a possibility. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And there’s a follow up on that, there is also talk of deregulating 
the commission rate across all lines of business, while expense of 
management will be capped at a particular level. So, do you see as a 
multi-line insurance company, we will have an advantage in the retail 
health insurance segment because of that regulation? 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 24 of 28 
Bhargav Dasgupta: The advantage for us is, if you look at the proposed expense of 
management limit that is being talked about, we are within that number 
as a company, so we are comfortably placed. Some of the companies 
which have been aggressively growing, spending a lot of money, they 
may have to calibrate, to that extent yes there could be an advantage. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Madhukar 
Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Most of my questions have been answered just a couple of them. One 
on the motor TP segment, we’re seeing a lot of improvement in the loss 
ratio, I am not sure if you have clarified this before but has there been 
some improvement taken from the six months restriction on the period 
of reporting of any accident so, what have been the developments on 
that. And, if you could give us some guidance in terms of how the courts 
are ruling and better there can be any benefit flowing through more and 
better we have accounted for any sort of reserves releases because of 
that. And second, on the group ‘others business’ which is excluding the 
employer employee business, what is the source of that I believe we 
are not doing that business more with ICICI Bank. So,  what are our 
other partners, broadly if you can help us with banks, NBFC, some sort 
of classification and against what products are these attachments?  
Bhargav Dasgupta: On the first one Madhukar, the first answer is no, we have not taken 
benefits of the shortening of the tail as yet. What we’ve seen happen is 
there’s been a recent Madras High Court judgment, which is reaffirming 
this point that you have to file claims within six months. So, now we 
have case law supporting the change in the regulation or law of the land, 
which is a positive. What we’re beginning to see some signs for first six 
- seven months we didn’t seem to see a big change in terms of 
frequency or acceleration of claims. But as we speak early signs of 
some acceleration happening in some states, we will have to study this 
for some more time to tell you that it’s happening at a national level, but 
early signs are positive. And if that happens, then it could be a positive 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 25 of 28 
for the sector. But as of now, we’ve not taken any benefit of that in our 
numbers, because it’s too early to take a benefit.  
In terms of your second question, this was always our strength working 
with multiple bancassurance companies, NBFCs, agencies, we work 
with digital lending companies, we work with a whole host of entities 
which provide retail credit with whom we sell some of these group other 
category of health products, which is what has come by which is the 
point that you were making the last couple of years that was low but we 
had a relatively higher share of that business. So, to that extent, it was 
negative for us but that has now come back this year and that’s where 
this is going from. ICICI Bank business on that account, last year they 
stopped selling, they haven’t restarted that. However, what they’ve 
done is, they have target selling retail indemnity products, both through 
the branches as also as attachment for their mortgage customers. So, 
that’s why the number from the bank side is also positive. If you look at 
the percentages, we gave in the opening remarks, ICICI Bank 
distribution grew by about 30.9% and non-ICICI Bank distribution which 
includes multiple other banks, so, most of the large private sector 
banks, we are their partners, most of the large NBFCs, HFCs we are 
their partners and that segment that is non ICICI Bank distribution grew 
at 44.2%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Sir, I just wanted some color on how we look at the expense ratio 
trajectory. So, there are two parts to it over the past 15 months since 
the acquisition of Bharti AXA, there was one trajectory which suggested 
that the gap between the expense ratios between Bharti AXA and us 
should converge over a two, two and a half year period and that is 
something that will drive the overall combined ratio down. On the other 
hand, we had intended to basically invest in retail health and digital in 
order to gain some of those market share there. Now, if I look at, both 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 26 of 28 
these aspects it would be great to just understand one, on the Bharti 
AXA rationalization has the progress being slower than expected. And 
two, we’ve seen like even on a 9M basis significant growth in sales, or 
even overall OPEX excluding commissions. But it doesn’t seem to 
reflect that it is going into retail health, looking at the combined ratio of 
retail health, since it seems to be going into motor. So, just wanted to 
understand on the second part how the expenses are getting allocated 
to and as a result, what should be the trajectory going forward? 
Gopal Balachandran: Rishi, your second part of the question with respect to the progress of 
the Bharti AXA integration in line with what we have been 
communicating, that is pretty much realized whatever synergies that we 
spoke about, the only last synergy which we had said is something that 
we will realize in this financial year, is the technology synergy 
consequent to once we get the applications integrated or merged, we 
should start realizing the benefit of the synergy play out from Q4 of the 
current year onwards. Happy to note that even that particular aspect in 
respect of integration between the two companies have been done. And 
hence you may start to see the synergy of the technology cost play out 
from Q4 onwards.  
                                  To your first part with respect to what could be the trajectory that the 
expense ratios could take, yes you’re right there are multiple aspects 
that goes as far as the determination of the expense ratio trajectory is 
concerned. One is a function of what revenue growth opportunity that 
one sees, which is what I had explained for certain lines of businesses, 
while there are costs that we  continue to incur. However, the revenue 
is something that we have not been able to completely realize to its 
fullest potential. As a segment in reference is motor for example, clearly 
we have not been able to realize the complete potential of what we 
would like to see that segment operate at. As and when,  the growth 
comes back, that itself will be a function of let’s say, some form of 
efficiencies, or maybe some form of improvement that you will get to 
see so far as the expense ratio trajectory is concerned.  

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 27 of 28 
The second is obviously, as I mentioned the investments in retail health, 
to your other point, was not just a one-off investment, it’s a continuing 
one. We continue to hire, the number of retail health agency managers 
whom as we explained will obviously go and add more number of 
agency distribution. Those cost again comes today in our P&L, because 
it’s the actual number of employees who are getting on-boarded insofar 
as retail health distribution is concerned. So, which is why you will 
continue, and till the time let’s say the benefits in the form of incremental 
revenue play out which is what we have explained in the past, it roughly 
takes about 12 to 18 months for the cycle to completely get efficient, it 
is when you will start seeing incremental revenues being contributed. 
But so far as early signs are concerned, the investment seems to be 
playing out in line with our expectations. And hence to that extent we 
are quite happy with the way things are playing out. But finally, in terms 
of what number the expense ratio trajectory could take, rather we would 
look at it more from a combined ratio perspective which is a combination 
of both expense and loss ratios, because different segments exhibit 
different outcomes in terms of the way businesses will get sourced. 
There clearly, what we had indicated was over a two year period, we 
would want to see a declining slope on the combined ratio front. And 
we are pretty much staying on course, with respect to that particular 
thought process of ours, already in line with what we have spoken about 
for FY2023, we had said the combined will stay range bound in the 
104% levels. And in FY2024, you will start seeing a declining slope. We 
are pretty much on course in order to getting that reflected. And hence 
that’s the trajectory that one would see insofar as the combined ratios 
is concerned.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll take that as the last question. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for closing 
comments. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: There was one question which Hitesh had asked in the context of how 
many agents did we add consequent to the 1,000 health agency 

 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 17, 2023 
 
 
 
                                                                   Page 28 of 28 
managers, that number is at about 10,000 agents is what we have been 
able to add by these agency managers that we have onboarded.  
                                 So, thank you everyone for joining the call. It’s pretty late for all of you, I 
look forward to our interaction during the quarter. Thank you, thank you 
so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there 
 
