 
 
 
February 16, 2023 
To  
The Secretary  
BSE Limited  
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai: 400 001 
Company Scrip Code: 500411 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Scrip Code: THERMAX EQ 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts / Investors conference call for Q3 FY 2022-23 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Enclosed herewith transcript of the Analysts / Investors conference call for Q3 FY 2022-23 held on 
Monday, February 13, 2023. The same is also available on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.thermaxglobal.com/  
 
We request you to take this information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For THERMAX LIMITED, 
 
 
Janhavi Khele 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A20601 
 
KHELE 
JANHAVI 
KISHOR
Digitally signed by 
KHELE JANHAVI 
KISHOR 
Date: 2023.02.16 
12:29:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Thermax Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH BHANDARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THERMAX 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJENDRAN ARUNACHALAM – EXECUTIVE 
VICE PRESIDENT & GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – THERMAX LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Thermax Limited Q3 FY2023 
conference call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on the touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Bhandari. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Hello everyone and a very warm welcome to this call and wish you all a fantastic Monday 
and a fantastic week as well. As you know, we released our earnings a few days ago, and you 
would see a few different things from our earnings consistent with what we had spoken. 
 
First, on the orders front, while we see a lot of strength in our general momentum across 
industries, overall we have fewer bigger opportunities to work with, and that showed in this 
quarter. It will continue to show for the next few quarters as well. Second, on the revenue 
side, we spoke of moderating challenges on the overall commodities cycle, so that is showing 
as well that things are consistent and a lot more predictable. Overall operationally, I do not 
think we are having as many surprises, which is a good thing, so there is some consistency, 
and that consistency in some of those trends is also something we have spoken about 
previously. The third thing which is how is the market doing and what is the overall 
environment like; I would say still more glass full than glass empty. Tremendous set of 
opportunities, especially as we start to look at some of this climate change set of technologies 
- what they bring about, and so we are entering a phase for Thermax where our mix of the 
kind of work we do will go through continued change between now and the next couple of 
years and in that mix, a lot of hard work that goes through has to go through in this immediate 
period. This is also going to be a period that we will be looking to invest more, get back into 
some newer areas which may come with some amount of risk, etc., so that could be some of 
the framework that we have for our discussion today. Like previous times, would speak less 
at my end, would love to hear questions from you and answer those questions, so let us just 
get started with the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the first question 
from the line of Sujit Jain from ASK Investment Managers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Good morning. Just wanted to know you have spoken in the past about your opex business 
which is where you are putting utilities at the client end? What kind of capital employed 
sitting as on today that you have in this business, and what kind of ROC do you expect in that 
business? 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Rajendran would you want to take this question? 
Rajendran A: 
Sure, so Sujit thanks for that question. I think we roughly have invested close to about - as 
you know, we have two businesses on this front. One is a solar business and the other is where 
we offer our steam and water treatment solutions on pay per use model, and then both of these 
businesses I think put together we would have close to about I would say about Rs. 400 crores 
of investments at this point of time and the internal IRR requirements I wound not want to be 
sharing that exactly, but it is upwards of Rs. 15% plus kind of requirement that we would 
look for on the equity IRR side. 
Sujit Jain: 
Okay, and if you can just split that between solar and TOESL, I assume first energy is the 
entity in which this solar business will be housed, and TOESL is the entity where this water 
treatment and other utilities business will be housed right? 
Rajendran A: 
You are right. 
Sujit Jain: 
So if you can just give the split of Rs. 400 crores between the two entities? 
Rajendran A: 
So roughly about while I presume that you will be talking about equity investments from our 
side, there would also be debt, and the overall capital employed would be slightly more. From 
an equity investment standpoint, our investments in First Energy would be nearing about Rs. 
150 crores, and the balance of the investments is in the TOESL business. 
Sujit Jain: 
And the debt would be in both these entities? 
Rajendran A: 
The debt is a number which I will revert back and give you the number during the course of 
the call. 
Sujit Jain: 
Is it safe to assume that TOESL will not have debt, but First Energy will have commensurate 
debt something 80:20 right? 
Rajendran A: 
Both the entities will have debt. 
Sujit Jain: 
Okay and 15% IRR for both the entities combined but I am sure that First Energy targeted 
IRR will be lesser and TOESL will be higher and that is all 15% income right? 
Rajendran A: 
No, I think as I said I just gave you a rough number on the expectations that we would have, 
but I think our internal numbers - we do not want to disclose that at this point of time. 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Rajendran I think it would be fair to say the weighted average is higher than 15%. 15% is our 
minimum expectation, and that is on the solar end. The biomass side comes in higher, solar 
is proportionately also a slightly lower risk project because the opex and some of the regular 
tenure of the contract, etc., it is a little simpler in some ways. Biomass, because of slightly 
more complexity, has got a bit more challenges and hence an expectation that the IRRs are 
higher as well. Traditionally our IRR in biomass has been about 3% higher than what we talk 
about on the solar side. Going forward also our investment will likely go more on the solar 
side than on the biomass side because the biomass side is already generating a fair bit of cash 
of its own. Even that is on a growth mode, but we will require let us say equity investments 
than the FEPL one because the FEPL one is on a much higher growth trajectory. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure and the margins that you have achieved in energy 7.6% gross, do you see further 
improvement going forward and reverting back to something like 9% to 10% you used to do? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I have been saying this for some time. You look at our businesses as a blend of three different 
parts. One of the parts that you spoke about yourself is the solutions business which is where 
we provide green utilities - whether it be solar based or wind based opex we are getting in. 
Our last two projects are wind and solar both, so it is hybrid, and then the TOESL portion as 
well - so this part of our business, we look more as what is your return on equity, what is the 
long term cash back relative to what you invested and not really at the profitability. Solar, as 
an example, will be a loss making business for us this year, and even next year it will likely 
be a loss making business because while we are putting up by next year, we expect to reach 
200 megawatts from zero a year ago, so that is a very big ramp up so the whole team and 
everything that we have put together to be able to put that. The earnings that will come will 
be over a longer period of time, so even the TOESL business, as we look to take it 
international, take it in a much, much broader way, will be going through a period of 
investments. So both of these are businesses that we like quite a bit but will not likely provide 
the profitability that you are looking at in the immediate term. Long term, they have got very 
good profile. The second thing I would say - our projects business historically has been 5% 
to 6%. We think maybe you could increase the profitability out there to give more of a range 
of 5% to 8%, but that is the range that it will go in. That business is also very good from the 
point of return on capital because it is running off a depreciated base. Very little capital goes 
in, it works on a negative working capital and growth path is there. So that 5% to 8% 
profitability we like. We manage our risks within that, we manage all of our vendor payments, 
customer, manage all the things that happen. All of it is managed in a negative working capital 
environment so we like to keep it that way. Then the third part that we have is our products 
business and products and associated services business. There I think we would like to strive 
to get to 10% business, 10% profitability. We are not there. If we get a longer run of a good 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
economic environment and consistent commodity prices, I think we can aspire for 10% 
profitability. Though even there right now with all, everything that is happening in hydrogen 
and water is having multiple new technology trends; we want to be in a period where we are 
investing in newer things. So again, I would say 10% profitability may be something that we 
can do in our base business, but at the blended business energy, I do not think we will get to 
10% soon. 
Sujit Jain: 
Thank you. I will get back in the queue, but so blended basis it will be 5% to 10%? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So as far as blended basis, there is a long, big gap between 5% and 10%, my friend. Yes, I 
think we can do better to show how our three businesses are mixed up but you too can take a 
look. FEPL we will report out, TOESL we will report out. Both of them fall within energy. 
We will start to report out some of our other elements as well, which is our TBWES business. 
You can see that separate. Our projects business is somewhat familiar to our TBWES 
business. What remains after that is our products business, and the products business has got 
a fair bit of what is called environment. Here the entire water business and our environment 
pollution control business are very strongly product businesses. There I think as the blended 
number, we should be looking at a good at least 8% to 9% profitability even in the short to 
medium term and aspiring to 10%. 
Rajendran A: 
Sujit I think I have the numbers which you were asking for. FEPL debt would be about Rs.120 
crores, and our TOESL debt would be about Rs. 90 crores. 
Sujit Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra 
Manulife Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Good morning, and congrats on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to get some thoughts from 
you in terms of the order pipeline going ahead in terms of the order funnel that you are looking 
at because even in the television interview, you were a bit not that positive? You were kind 
of trying to hint at the peak of the ordering is kind of overrun from here on? The high base 
will catch up, so if you just give a more granularity like what are you seeing here because 
even this quarter also we had a decent kind of a number in terms of order intake so how do 
you see that going forward? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So I have been saying that for some time now, and I think I have been saying this for two last 
quarters at least, that we do not see a big pipeline of big projects which were the petrochemical 
projects and the SGD projects. Both of those we have been saying that the wave is over and 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
that specifically on petrochemicals, I think six months ago when there were actually two 
major projects, one for one major refinery. We had taken a step back from quoting at very 
low practice, and saying look we would rather go for some better margin businesses because 
we could see a fair bit of opportunity in a different set of projects, and I will maintain that we 
are seeing good momentum. We are not seeing any sort of concern that we have crossed a 
peak or anything. The topline will be a challenge because you do not have a Rs.1,000 crores 
and Rs. 800 crores order which we had two of last year, and we are still backfilling what 
remains with a lot of things that are in this Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 50 crores mix, and we have to 
fill a lot of them to get to a Rs. 1,000 crores order, as you can imagine. The fact that we are 
still doing it and coming somewhat close is the testament to an overall healthy pipeline that 
we see and an overall cycle capability that we see, and I will continue to be in that range. I 
think this year also we see reasonable momentum, and we see reasonable momentum going 
into next year. We do not see big projects, so if we do not see big projects, it will hurt our 
ability to show good growth in the order book side, but with that said, we should be getting 
into a place where we should be able to grow our order books somewhat at least that is the 
plan that we are building. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay, and if you can just throw some clarity which are all the areas where we are still seeing 
demand, and you are positive on? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
A lot. If you take a look at and a lot of these are associated with energy transition - the steel 
sector is one which is possibly not driven by energy transition but is driven by lot of the steel 
industry coming in and saying look we need to put in new capex - so there we are seeing 
momentum. The entire sugar, ethanol, distillery space is continuing to be strong. It has been 
strong for 12 months. It will be strong for at least another 12 months, in our opinion. Cement 
- we have got new capacity coming in, so previously we were going through a wave of 
brownfield replacements for waste heat recovery. Going forward, we will be seeing new 
capacity coming in and then the tail end of the waste heat recovery cycle. Chemicals - we are 
seeing a wave of momentum which is continuing from what we have seen in the past. Decent 
activity in pharmaceuticals, decent in food and beverages, so overall strength other than a 
couple of sectors, especially refining and petrochemical, will be weaker, but otherwise, we 
see decent momentum across sectors. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay, and Sir what is the status of the European subsidiaries currently like we have all the 
challenges in terms of the winter and gas prices, everything over - or you still believe that 
there are some more challenges out there? 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Ashish Bhandari: 
No, we see I think improved numbers. The gas challenges and all have come down. They 
have reasonably strong demand as many of the European countries look to cut their energy 
supplies off Russia, so we are okay overall. I do not think it will be great. It will not become 
8% to 10% profitability business, but as we look at the next 12 months, we do not see it as 
being a drain at least yet, we do not expect losses. We expect continued low profitability but 
continued profitability and reasonable volumes in our European operations. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay Sir, thanks and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir, I just wanted to check on your enviro segment margins. They were pretty strong over the 
last two quarters. Since the large issue of the FGD projects is largely behind, should we kind 
of expect with the next two that you are executing are at a much more better margin profile? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So what was happening on the FGD is, as you can imagine, you have a base cost with the 
FGD business and because you look at a project based revenue recognition and there are some 
specific milestones that you need to hit to recognise revenue. So far as the revenue we were 
recognising was relatively small, which is why that base cost that we have, we were not able 
to liquidate it to the extent that we would have liked. FGD is now for the past two quarters 
and especially in the last quarter and for the foreseeable future is getting into the place where 
revenue will start to get liquidated, so we do not expect as things stand for the FGD business 
to be reporting losses. It will not be making a lot of profit either. But we expect it to make 
consistent profitability going forward and with the revenue schedule that is may be slightly 
delayed relative to what we may have previously committed but only slightly - very, very 
marginally lower than what we have previously committed. Rajendran, anything to add? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, Ashish may be another follow-up question for you. Just wanted to kind of understand 
while you are saying that we do not have large Rs. 1,000 crores order, but we have already 
declared close to an Rs. 200 crores ESP order. What is the pipeline in terms of those mid-
range orders - the Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 200 crores because our base business which used to 
be about Rs. 1,300 crores then went to Rs. 1,600 crores, and today now it may be Rs. 2200 
crores. It looks like it is sustained at these levels. Is that understanding correct? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I think maybe not Rs. 2,200 crores. It is not like I think even this particular order which you 
saw. It made the threshold by Rs. 1 crore, and the threshold was set when we were at Rs. 
5,000 crores business that we need to report out anything that is above Rs. 250 crores and at 
one point when our threshold had gone below Rs. 5,000 crores, we were reporting things that 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
were above Rs. 200 crores as well. Going forward, we need to change our threshold, and to 
me this is also the SP order was not something that merited reporting out. It is just an order 
in the normal course of business. In the Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 200 crores orders, we have had 
quite a few in the last couple of quarters as well. So, it is not like we have not had momentum. 
We have had a fair bit of momentum and we will continue to have these kind of projects in 
the future as well. I think Rs. 200 plus crores orders, if we look at our pipeline maybe there 
are two or three more that are possible in the next couple of quarters, but I think we will be 
okay even if we do not get those kinds of orders. I think we see enough strength in the smaller 
book to be able to hit Rs. 200 crores order book on a consistent basis. I think that we should 
be able to achieve. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sir my other question was more on terms of your investments into newer technologies like 
while we have indicated that we have been evaluating newer technologies for about six to 
nine months now? Any progress or any update that you think would be meaningful, probably 
over the next six to 12 months? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So we have been working not just for the last six to nine months. We created a new energy 
division almost two years ago to start working on some of these things. Some parts which 
you would be seeing in the background already happening are things around like bio-CNG 
where the orders are of the order of Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores, and we have kind of built 
up somewhat of a leadership position in the way we are working on municipal solid waste to 
bio-CNG, biomass to bio-CNG, getting into more and more things that are biomass related 
in several different ways. So that is one example where not only have we taken a position, 
but we have kind of started to work down. In solar, we had said which is not really new 
technology but for us was a new area to get into which was the opex solar. We started with 
solar; then we added wind, and now we are looking at cases where we can integrate storage 
into this as well and taking a business which was zero and now kind of getting to 200 
megawatts in the next 12 months. We have a fair bit of confidence that we will have an 
installed capacity of 200 megawatts in a year. This is all homegrown, no MNA nothing - stuff 
that we have put together ourselves brick by brick. So then you come back and say - look 
what are other new areas that are possible. We have been working on coal gasification for a 
very, very long, long time. Thermax has been working on coal gasification for may be more 
than six to seven years, and in the last one year we have demonstrated home grown Indian 
technology for coal gasification with confidence that if India wanted to work with high ash 
coal, our technology was perhaps the best one to look at and now we are working to say look 
help us scale up this technology because as Thermax we cannot go take a technology which 
we have developed and straight go into a Rs. 2000 crores project. We are wanting some set 
of Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 500 crores projects where we are willing to put some of our own 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
money at risk to showcase this. The government has been taking about VGF funding for coal 
gasification projects, etc., etc., but all of that is still just not making its way to the ground, 
and we would love for some of this to be showcased. So that is an example of new technology 
that we have been working on. On hydrogen, we have been working on biomass to hydrogen, 
where we think we are working on areas which are relatively new. We are also looking at 
partnerships for hydrogen overall to get into some of the newer spaces as well, including 
electrolysers, etc. Nothing to report right now, but very actively working at least in some of 
these spaces - looking at carbon capture, looking at various different aspects of what the new 
energy world will require, and as things mature, we will come back and share more details. 
So some that is here and now, some that is pregnant, some that is too early to speak about but 
where we thing we need to invest and not. A lot of the questions which you are asking around 
- give me 10% profitability right now and I am saying this is not the time to ask for that 
because we need to be putting in some amount of our money as risk capital in some of these 
newer areas because without it we will not be setting the company up for the future. I very 
strongly believe that this is a great time to build a Thermax for the next 20 to 30 years, not 
just the next two to three years. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, Ashish thanks for the answers. Those were my questions, and best of luck for the future 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Good morning. Sir, first on the competition side if you can highlight from the product 
segment perspective - has the market been growing very significantly and we have improved 
our market share from the project perspective also how is our hit rate and the competitive 
intensity in terms of the differential between may be L1 and L2 or the lowest bidder. If you 
could touch on those aspects from the competition perspective that is my first question? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Okay, it is very competitive across the board. The kinds of products that we provide, our 
customers have choices and we are not at all in anything relating to a text base or anything 
that would come back and say that we have access to any unique technology which is not 
available to anybody at all. With that said, in most of the areas that we operate in, we have at 
least some sort of a leadership position where we can command some sort of a premium that 
is based either on the customers trusting us that this complicated solution Thermax can 
engineer it better than anybody else or because that the customer has a preference that 
Thermax just from as a partner of trust would be the one that they would look to work with. 
Of course, then you have government projects which are completely on an L1 basis where 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
also we have been prepared that below a certain margin, we will not go and we perhaps 
walked away from the biggest project in our history because the margins did not make sense 
so that as an example of where competitiveness is. Now let me take examples of all the first 
ones that I have spoken about. Like in the places where customers trust us to operate from an 
engineering and a technology basis better than our competitors, so the entire biomass space 
is something of that sort - biomass, multifuel, and waste to energy all of those. Our 
competitors can say I can do it as well, but Thermax has about a 40% market share across 
because when the application gets a little difficult customers to prefer to have some peace of 
mind, and they will come back and at least give us the last look. The last look may not be 
worth more than 2% to 3% but at least you get a last look. In our water business, we are not 
always having that technology edge, and our ask is to build a technology edge in water the 
way some of our other waste to energy and our heating and other places as well and our 
cooling solutions are. In places like bio-CNG that I mentioned, customers come to us with a 
clear preference and saying look this is the price I will do and look to negotiate with Thermax, 
but those we come to it from a position of strength, so that is the kind of one bucket. Second, 
are places where customers trust us to execute the project well and just a partner of choice. 
We are seeing this in solar. In solar, there is no technology difference. The difference between 
us and the next one would be may be Rs. 2 paisa to Rs. 3 paisa. Here where we would be 
expensive by Rs. 2 paisa to Rs. 3 paisa relative to the person who is not chosen in a way. In 
many cases we to are not being chosen where the customer says - look I will give you a price 
but that price then looks like a 12% to 13% IRR for us, and we walk away from that business. 
IRR minimum threshold has been 15% to 16% on the solar side. We walk away from this, 
but many customers if they are putting their own money into a project like the idea that there 
is a Thermax out there which is managing the 75% and a company that will be rock solid 
through the execution phase and we have got similar examples on larger waste to energy 
projects. The entire steel industry in a way is a place where we hope to work that way. TOESL 
is an area where we have significant market share because customers trust us to manage 
biomass better than anybody else, and here in India we have maybe a 90% plus market share 
in a TOESL kind of a business where the tough part for us is to convince the customer to go 
from coal to biomass or from liquid fuels to biomass, but after that, we do not have as much 
competition from somebody else just because we have extremely strong execution capability 
overall. Where we are focussed on as we go forward is to focus really deeply on the services 
part of our portfolio - bring digital in, and bring customers better insights from that digital 
capability, have AMC capability, rapid spare parts because these are all areas where we think 
we can grow profitably without really having the competitor to speak of and services have 
been growing for us at above 20%. Last year it grew 30%. This year also we expect it to grow. 
Next year also we expect it to grow 20%, so we have been able to grow services which are 
hopefully a more of a repeat kind of a business and grow that profitably and some of that is 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
now showing in our bottom line as well as we go forward. So, a long answer to your question, 
but I hope I have given you a flavour of at least how we are looking at competitiveness. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Yes Ashish, thanks a lot. That was very helpful. Just last question from my side is on the 
exports market. What is the contribution from exports right now, and how do you see different 
markets because of the various concerns that we are seeing in terms of export markets slowing 
down? Are you seeing any specific trends there? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So export markets, long answer again. So by export market, I will say not our international 
business, which includes Danstoker and PTTI and all that. I will talk about our export markets 
and stuff that we make in India and send outside. That portion of our business has been 
somewhat slow because we have not seen as many big projects internationally the way we 
used to see. Certainly, the Dangote kind of projects, even like three years ago, two and a half 
years ago when I was relatively new, we had a Pemex order that was quite nice. We do not 
see larger projects of that kind immediately. We are seeing a pickup in activity. We see a fair 
bit of activity in the Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 100 crores projects, and going forward we see a good 
pipeline of similar waste to energy projects in South East Asia and Africa and other parts. So, 
we like that pipeline overall, but we do not have anything big and dramatic to share 
internationally either. Where we are seeing good activity, I have spoken to you about. We are 
also seeing few examples of China plus one showing up in our export side where global waste 
to energy leaders previously, and by the way many waste to energy leaders globally have got 
no manufacturing capability of their own. They work on core engineering and then they 
partner, and most of that business was going to Chinese players. Now we see people coming 
to India, and we have broken through on a couple of these bigger names on waste to energy 
globally, and as we execute that projects, we are hopeful that they will come to us for more 
and more repeat business as part of this. Then the last bit is our chemical business which has 
been doing reasonably well, growing reasonably well, not growing as fast as our higher end 
expectations and that is because couple of those areas especially in the US are seeing some 
amount of slowdown, and it is a little bit of slowdown. We are still very, very bullish, but that 
team has missed our internal growth projections. It is still growing, but not at the higher end 
of what we expected. Overall, I think my number would be we have gone through like the 
highs of previous times that we have had on export, we are not there. We should be doing 
better than where we are right now, but still not any one big bang project to announce, but 
continued momentum based on a relatively low base that we are at. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Got it. That was very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions. That is all from my side. 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good morning team. My first question is broadly related to the domestic and the exports mix, 
especially on the energy segment of the market. If we see the run rate of the orders that we 
were winning in this market has steadily improved from 7 billion to 8 billion to now Rs. 1,000 
crores plus kind of run rate so you did mention that now you are seeing a variety of mid and 
small size orders and the momentum remains pretty healthy. So excluding large orders in 
your view, should we be able to sustain a double-digit growth momentum over this Rs. 1,000 
Crores run rate, or you think this is still a mix of mid and large size projects which are required 
to drive growth from here on? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
If India capex holds with this trend that it has right now and with some of the newer things 
that we are doing, a double-digit is something that we would like to see. We are planning, we 
are seeing at least pipeline because the problem with some of the shorter orders is that you 
cannot look too far. A large order you start working on it may be even six to nine months 
before it happens. The smaller stuff lot of it is in the mix, but the close rates depend 
completely on sentiment and overall look, and right now, I would say the sentiment is 
positive. 
Renu Baid: 
From your perceptive by when do you expect to see some of these mid and large size projects 
from the steel sector because they are large and lumpy in terms of size; so from project 
timelines by when should those orders accrue to Thermax in terms of order inflows FY 2024 
first half or second half - a broad timeline? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Second half of FY 2024. 
Renu Baid: 
FY 2024 got it. Second on the energy international piece of the business, while in the previous 
question, you did mention that you have been trying hard in multiple segments, while the 
domestic refinery segments price pressure is refrained. But after Dangote, our credentials 
with quite a few oil and gas majors have been through, so how are we looking at order 
prospects in the oil and gas segment, especially from Middle East or Africa buckets? Do you 
think there could be something in the kitty in the next two years in terms of project pipeline, 
or it may still take longer on this side? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I think two years may be a more reasonable horizon. We do things that we are lot better or 
more widely accepted across the board, including right now portions of Latin America as 
well. There are two things going on. The first is right now there are no big petrochemical 
projects coming up anywhere in the world, which is perhaps also a sense of where the world 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
sees its future. Even in the Middle East, you are not seeing any new refineries or 
petrochemical projects specifically coming up. There are quite a few downstream projects 
that are starting to come in, which brings me to my second point that I think Thermax can do 
more to establish its self credentials in some of these Middle East markets, in particular where 
we are a good name, but we are not a local name like local entity in Saudi. We do not 
manufacture out there, and a big chunk of the market of the downstream market is actually 
action happening in Saudi where it is happening for local manufacturing and local production 
- all of those kind of things. It is not something that we are deeply involved in. I think we are 
seeing a good set of projects, but I would agree with you that we are not as local in some of 
these markets where downstream activity is happening as we should be, and I am not 
committing that we are going down that road. Our focus has been South East Asia, and we 
put up a big plant in South East Asia. Right now, my primary focus in terms of where our 
money goes is more in new energy, and we do not want to go into putting up a new plant 
somewhere else internationally and getting that plant to three years of stabilisation and all 
that. Our focus is more on getting into some of these new energy areas and starting as India 
is our home. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. The other question would be as I look at the chemical segment, while you have 
highlighted growth across some of your sub-categories in terms of water, oil and chemicals 
how does the mix broadly stand at the end of nine months or probably at the end of 2023 and 
in your view if US slows - will the growth be incrementally driven by construction and water 
segment for us for the next 12 to 18 months and will that also have an impact on the margin 
mix? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I would say overall on chemicals at least, we continue to be quite bullish, and we are focussing 
on double-digit profitable growth again, and we will continue to look at capacity additions, 
adding new segments, new technologies, and new capabilities. So, we are preparing internally 
for a much longer investment cycle in chemicals with continued reasonable profitable growth 
which means and by reasonable profitability, I mean this teen’s profitability and good growth 
but with investments and for a much longer period than just three to six months. We are 
preparing for a three to five year cycle on chemicals. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you. Good performance on the profitability Ashish. Two questions from my side. If 
you could just help us within the energy we have this so called BB boiler business and the 
chiller business - if you could help us understand your underlying growth trends of this 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
business in the nine months and the kind of growth that we are seeing - how profitable are 
these that is the question one and second is what has been our losses in our international subs 
and on the trend line of how do we see that will be useful to understand? These are my two 
questions. 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I will take the second question first. I think that is an easier one to answer. Both are. I will 
give you direct answers on both. On international, I think we had I would say a trend which 
has been now going on for six months where we see better visibility and improved numbers. 
We do expect both our international subsidiaries which is Danstoker and PTTI, which are 
manufacturing subsidiaries, to be in aggregate profitable for the next 12 months maybe even 
the next 15 months of which we have visibility and both individually to be profitable as well 
which is the change from where we have been in the past and doing that with some amount 
of consistency. So PTTI, I would expect four out of the next five quarters they should be 
breaking even. Similarly, Danstoker four out of the next five quarters they may be breaking 
even. One quarter here or there because they both somewhat close to the edge in the 2% to 
6% profitability range. Maybe you may have one negative surprise here or there, but I think 
they should both be okay for the next 12 to 15 months which is much better than where they 
have been for any length of period, and we have been seeing that order buildup in some 
strength for the last two quarters, and that is what gives us this confidence overall. I think that 
is my answer to your second question. On your first question, historically, our cooling 
business has been within our product business our most profitable business, which is not the 
case right now. If profitability has come down from high teens to mid teens and even kind of 
edging to the boundary of coming to double digits and not being teens profitability and that 
has been driven by and I am talking about EBITDA. Here there is a deprecation impact on 
that business which pulls it down even lower, but that is driven by two things on our cooling 
business. One is that commodity prices - the primary chemical that goes into this is lithium 
bromide, and lithium prices have gone up like four times, literally four times, lithium bromide 
prices have gone up four times, so that has created a lot of pressure on our cooling business. 
They have done a lot of cost out but even with that margins have fallen because we are 
working in a competitive space overall. The second thing that has happened is the mix within 
cooling has changed where a couple of applications that were driving our cooling business, 
those applications under the new energy world are no longer of interest to our customers 
where the customers who do gas fired engines and take the waste heat from those gas fired 
engines to drive our chillers, to drive chillers through our capability. So, those gas fired 
engines market itself is going down and which is the cogen market and so our need for chillers 
is also going down so it is being affected. Overall this has been the area where we have grown 
the least. With that said, cooling long term we are very excited about because India will need 
cooling solutions and industrial cooling solutions for the next 50 years, so we need to branch 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
out into some of the other areas and build up our cooling business and our focus over the next 
three years is going to be to build our cooling business and get back into an aggressive growth 
more but for that we will have to invest a bit in this business as well. On the other side, in our 
heating business, which is our small boilers business, we have been doing incredibly well. 
We have been keeping our market share at 40% kind of a number holding on to our prices, 
improving our profitability thereabouts and in this kind of space, we have been holding on 
our own, which has somewhat been reflecting in our TOESL business also having extremely 
high market share and here our profitability has been improving as well. So, our blended 
profitability number has stayed about the same, but cooling has been coming down in 
profitability, and heating business has been going up in profitability. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you so much for the elaborate answer. Really appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question is on the FGD. You already highlighted that it 
depends on the threshold just wanted to understand how much is the FGD order book and 
how are we seeing the revenue booking coming in Q4 and FY 2024? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Rajendran do you want to take this question? 
Rajendran A: 
Did I get you right in terms of what is the revenue recognition on the FGD side? 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes Sir? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
And the number we expect for 2024 based on the backlog. 
Rajendran A: 
Sure I think Amit, roughly the revenue recognition would be between Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 
600 crores for the full year during this year in FY 2023 and in FY 2024 as well. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure Sir. I just wanted to also understand in our book how much would be the base order and 
how much would be the proportion of large orders, and what is the average duration of the 
large order? 
Rajendran A: 
You are talking specific to FGD or overall? 
Amit Anwani: 
Overall book. 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Rajendran A: 
So I do not think Amit we would have any sense of the way that you are asking. We have 
bagged a few couple of orders in the last one to two years. We have highlighted to you a 
couple of large orders that we have won - the FGD one as well as the sulphur recovery block 
order that we had won, so I think a couple of orders are there which are large in the Rs. 500 
crores to Rs. 1,000 crores range which we have deployed in the last one to two years; however 
having said that in the last three quarters you would notice that we have not reported any large 
orders of that size - neither in FGD nor in the other businesses. So, I think you should note 
the large order businesses are obviously with the execution coming down, and our orders of 
the regular sizes are the ones which we will be executing going ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure my last question is on the order pipeline. We mentioned that there is some moderation 
seen on the refineries in kind of large orders. On the other hand we are seeing the oil and gas 
companies continuously doing capex, so any specific thing you would like highlight why we 
are seeing the pipeline moderating on the oil and gas segment? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Could you repeat. I think I lost you at the end. You talked about oil and gas and refinery. 
Amit Anwani: 
Just wanted to understand why are we seeing moderate order pipeline? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Completely you can take a look - India Reliance stopped announcing any new projects on oil 
and gas and refining for all practical and it is not that we are not doing. We do a lot of service 
work. We do a lot of smaller - which are upgradation, brownfield projects, and service 
opportunities. We do have lot of that. What has stopped is the new refineries so India 
announced the HRRL Refinery, which is the one in Barmer in Rajasthan and after that there 
has not been any new refinery announcement. There are talks that the Bina refinery will start 
again, and whenever the projects come for Bina refinery - if and when they come, we will 
show that in our pipeline again but it is completely driven by a cycle. When Covid was going 
on, lot of the backlog on those large projects was accumulating. In the second year of Covid, 
a lot of those projects got released and closed out, but now we do not see as much new activity. 
I think if we wait a couple of years, the new activity will come back. I do understand like 
Nayara is planning a big investment. HMEL is planning a big investment. The Bina refinery 
is looking to get accelerated again but they are not in the next 12 months. So, I think the 
action may move 12 months plus from now. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure last question if I may squeeze in. On the MOUs which we used to talk about I think last 
year with power roll on solar films and air independent propulsion system for submarines - 
any update you would like to share on this? 

 
 
 
 
        Thermax Limited 
February 13, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ashish Bhandari: 
I think power roll was a very, very small MOU and that was 15 to 18 months ago. I do not 
think while we look to watch that space closely, I do not think there is anything imminent 
that can come from that. The independent air propulsion systems are something that we 
continue to work closely with the navy on. We expect continuous order supply from the navy 
for these systems. It has been very tough to understand that when the navy comes in and says 
look I have got these 100 units of this that I need, why would they not place orders and we 
have been having a tough time running the plant just waiting on orders from the navy because 
it just goes through this very difficult ordering cycle within. So we have reached the point 
that we have said we cannot run losses anymore, and we will only execute even a single order 
if we have visibility into a continuous long term order book from navy. We are very hopeful 
of making this come through because we have worked for years on this, and there is nobody 
else who can do this in India or even otherwise. So we are very hopeful that we will reach a 
point of consensus. We are close, but we are not there yet, so that is on that second one. What 
else did we announce as MOUs? 
Amit Anwani: 
I think that is about it Sir. 
Ashish Bhandari: 
So otherwise, I think we are quite active on many of the waste to energy things that we 
announced and the EverEnviro one that we announced. There are quite a few others that we 
continue to be extremely active on. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand it over to Ms. Bhoomika for 
closing comments. 
Bhoomika: 
I would like to thank Mr. Bhandari and Mr. Arunachalam for answering all the queries and 
giving us an opportunity to host the call as also all the participants. Sir wishing you all the 
very best. Any closing remarks from your end? 
Ashish Bhandari: 
Nothing from our side. Thank you very much for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
