Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
T: +91-40-40099999 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 info@tanla.com 
Tanla Technology Center 
 
 
 www.tanla.com 
Hi-tech city Road, Madhapur,  
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India - 500081 
CIN: L72200TG1995PLC021262 
 
January 27, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2022, held on Monday, January 23, 2023, at 4:30 PM IST. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link; 
 
https://www.tanla.com/media/announcement/ec_transcriptq3fy23.pdf  
 
Request you to take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 
SESHAN
URADHA 
CHAVA
Digitally signed 
by 
SESHANURADHA 
CHAVA 
Date: 2023.01.27 
18:42:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 23, 2023 
Call Duration 
▪
60 minutes
Management 
▪
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations
▪
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
▪
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer
▪
Aravind Viswanathan - Chief Financial Officer
Participants that asked 
the questions 
▪
Abhishek Bhandari - Nomura
▪
Balaji Subramanian - IIFL Capital Ltd.
▪
Deepak Chokhani - Individual Investor
▪
Nirvana Laha - Individual Investor
▪
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities
▪
Dipesh Mehta - Emkay Global
▪
Amit Aggarwal - Leeway Investments
▪
Suresh Agarwal - Individual Investor

 
Page 2 of 15 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tanla Platforms Limited Q3 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call are Mr. Uday Reddy, 
Founder, Chairman, and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director and Chief 
Business Officer; and Aravind, CFO. Mr. Reddy will share his perspectives of 
business and strategic progress made by Tanla and will engage in an interactive 
Q&A session. 
Before I hand it over to the management, let me draw your attention to the fact 
that today's discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in 
nature. All statements other than statements of historical facts could be deemed 
forward-looking in nature. Such statements are inherently subject to risk and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. A detailed 
disclosure in this regard is mentioned in the results presentation that is uploaded 
on the company's website. Please note all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Good evening and a warm welcome to our Q3 earnings call. I now hand over to 
Uday for his opening remarks. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you, Ritu. Good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Very Happy New 
Year to all of you. And I'm very excited to join you from our Innovation & 
Experience Center, which we will unveil in this quarter. Q3 was a quarter where 
we continued to make progress in both platforms and the enterprise business 
and let me share my thoughts on both of them. 
If you hear all my commentary, I've been very, very consistent about my passion 
to build platforms and I'm happy to see Wisely scale every quarter demonstrating 
key metrics of every platform business, high margins, customer stickiness, 
stability, predictability, and asset light. Our platform business gross profit grew 
26% year-on-year and I'm excited to share that Wisely contributes 35% of the 
platform gross profit. So, I'm confident that it will scale up to 50% in the coming 
couple of quarters. 
I have talked in my letter about the three phases of the platform lifecycle: 
innovate, succeed, and scale. Let me drill down on each Wisely platform in this 
context in the reverse sequence. In terms of scale, we have two platforms 
already in scale phase, which is Wisely Network and Wisely OTT, and I expect 
strong growth to come in in these two platforms in the next couple of quarters. 
Wisely Network is on track to be ₹100 crore annualized gross profit processing 
over 33 billion transactions through our AI/ML engines. Wisely OTT crossed 1 
billion volumes in Q3 generating strong gross margins. So, I'm quite confident 
that these two platforms will accelerate from here. 
In terms of Success, we have Wisely Communicate and Wisely Engage in this 
customer success phase. We are evidencing our platform capabilities to select 
large customers and one we demonstrate our value proposition. We will move 
to the scale phase. Wisely Communicate is seeing strong traction with the 
banking customers. For one of the banks, around 50% of their critical UPI traffic 
is going through Wisely platform. 
On Wisely Engage, we are initiating a POC with select customers in Q4. I'm 
confident at least one of these platforms will move to scale phase in the next 
quarter. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
In terms of innovation phase, we have a large platform in the innovate phase 
and I'm personally very excited about what we are targeting to launch this in Q4, 
most likely in MWC Barcelona. This is going to be a truly global platform 
addressing one of the pressing challenges faced with the consumers globally. 
This is in line with our purpose of empowering consumers and enabling 
companies. 
On the enterprise business, we are showing steady improvements with 
sequential revenue growth at 2% and improvement of gross margin of 74 basis 
points. We see a huge competitive environment with some slowdown and  
festive spends in BFSI clients, but we are maintaining our market share and 
improving our margins. Deepak will talk in more detail about the enterprise 
business in his opening remarks. But I'm confident that we will improve every 
quarter going forward. 
2022 was the year where the focus was shifted to companies with the profitable 
growth and disciplined capital allocation. We have stayed true to our ethos; 
focus on innovation, organic growth over acquisitions, return cash to 
shareholders as against raising capital. We completed our buyback in January 
and we have returned over ₹300 crores to the shareholders just in this financial 
year. I'm very excited about the year ahead. We are making right investments, 
we have the right team, and thank you for support. 
I now request, Deepak to give his perspective on the enterprise business. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Hello, everyone. This is Deepak here and wish you a Very Happy New Year. I 
like to give you some highlights on our enterprise business. As Uday said, we 
are seeing stability in our enterprise business, and we have been seeing 
improvement every quarter from Q1 to Q2 and now Q3. 
So, we delivered 2% sequential growth in this quarter and improved our gross 
margin by 74 basis points. This quarter we did not see the usual scale up in the 
active spends especially from our banking customers probably impacted by 
macro environment. The market remains quite competitive and we -- there are 
three specific areas where we are working to grow our business. The three areas 
I would say one is to retain our customers and retain our wallet share in our 
existing customers; number two add new customers; and three, focus on other 
than SMS channels. 
So, I'll elaborate here. Number one, we are -- our customers with greater than 
₹1 crore revenues have grown from 189 to 220 in the last four quarters and 
sequentially it improved from 208 to 220 customers. On adding new customers, 
we have added 210 new customers in this financial year already. 
So, what is more interesting is that we have added some very large names with 
a very large stamp. So, there are -- some are very large banks where we are 
integrating right now. There are some very large e-commerce companies and 
some other verticals, which we are on the integration phase. And these wins are 
going to help us in next couple of quarters to scale up our revenues. 
We are focusing on other than SMS channels, as I said earlier. We have done 
a very good on WhatsApp. One-third of our wins are on WhatsApp in this year, 
and we have been scaling up in the last five quarters. And the way the WhatsApp 
is going, this year we would exit with ₹100 crores run rate, and we are seeing a 
significant momentum. I mentioned last time we have one of the very large PSU 
banks, which we integrated and it's scaling up very well. 
So overall while the revenue growth is muted, I see opportunities ahead and I'm 
confident of an inflection point for the enterprise business sooner than later. 
Thank you. 

 
Page 4 of 15 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
We'll be happy to take question-and-answers. Deepak, may we open the queue 
for Q&A. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press 
star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue you may press star and two. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Anyone who has a question may enter 
star and one. Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment, while the 
question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had three questions. The first one is 
you mentioned the competitive environment remains fairly aggressive. If you 
could talk about what kind of competition are you seeing incrementally both from 
existing CPaaS companies and some of the telcos who have been trying to enter 
into the space? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
You want to list down all the three questions, Abhishek, and then we can take it 
one after the other? 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Sure. The second one is sir, if I look at your operating cash flow numbers, they 
have been either close to zero for last quarter and negative even for this quarter. 
Little surprised why the operating cash flow should remain negative. I 
understand that the free cash flow because of the investment it could be the 
case. But what's going on, on the OCF, if you could explain? And third is to, 
Uday touched on favorite Rule of 40, we have dipped significantly on that for last 
I would say three, four quarters. When do you expect again to reach that 40 
mark on the Rule of 40 kind of outlook? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Abhishek, maybe I'll ask Deepak to answer the first question, I'll take the second 
question, and I'll maybe ask Uday to talk on the third. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Sure. Hi, Deepak here. Hi, Abhishek. And to answer to your first question. Yes, 
as I've mentioned, the market is quite competitive and one of the large telecom 
provider also made certain efforts to enter into this market for last two quarters. 
And other than that, there are other CPaaS providers who are also there in the 
fray. 
But what I'm saying is while there has been some disruption as we saw in Q1, 
but overall if you look at our business; we have been able to retain our 
customers, we have been able to retain our wallet share, and we are very 
confident going forward that we would be able to gain -- as I mentioned, we are 
gaining more customers. We have added lot more new customers and we would 
be able to grow our business from here. 
There are definitely, as I said, competitive environment is there, but are they 
really winning, okay. And the answer is I would say no, right, because it's not 
that -- if you are providing great service to our customers the kind of way our 
stickiness is there, it's not that easy to remove. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, Abhishek, let me take the question on the cash flow, right. As you know, 
we've had a good track record of cash flow generation. But one correction of 
sorts in terms of an investment that we made in a strategic partnership with a 

 
Page 5 of 15 
telco where we kind of gave better credit terms, right. So, what is happening is 
that this is an adjustment phase where the entire impact of the change in credit 
terms is reflected in Q2 and Q3. 
We had kind of called out a normalized cash flow of about ₹78 crores is the 
operating cash flow if I normalize for it. If you look at Q4 and beyond, whatever 
adjustments which we made are done, I expect that we will go back to an 
operating cash flow of upwards of 70% of PAT, which is what we've historically 
been doing. 
So, this is more Q2 and Q3 have been a quarter of adjustment in terms of 
reflecting the change in payment terms. This is why our DPO has come down, 
our creditors have come down, and that is really what has affected it. But it's 
kind of that phenomena is over and you will get back to a normalized cash flow 
from Q4. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Abhishek, on the Rule of 40 so all I can say is like the Rule of 40 or Rule of 60 
does apply only for SaaS companies. That's what we are also tracking our 
platforms business. If you look at our platform business, first let's say we are 
growing year-on-year at 26% and I don't have exactly access to that EBITDA on 
the platform business. 
But if we combine the rate at which we are growing plus our EBITDA margins 
from our platform business. We are much beyond the Rule of 40. So going 
forward, we're going to report a Rule of 40 mainly for our platform business. As 
in today I think we are one of the best performing SaaS companies in our space. 
But going forward, we would like to announce Rule of 40 mainly for our platform 
business. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Great. Thank you, Uday. Uday, if I can just ask a follow-up. Do you think the 
industry has now settled at a lower growth number and the last two, three years 
growth because of COVID induced demand patterns are kind of normalizing? 
The reason I'm asking is overall it seems like the sector is heading towards 
normalized growth levels and many -- some of these things like OTT 
registrations and all those are kind of rewinding. So, happy to hear your thoughts 
what you see as a medium-term growth number for the industry as such. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Abhishek, Uday here. My takeaway is in terms of volumes. If you look at 
volumes, I think we are growing around 15% in terms of transactions and in 
terms of volumes, right. If you look at mainly UPI the transactions like we have 
seen -- unfortunately I cannot afford to really share certain amount of numbers 
here, but we have seen a huge growth coming from UPI on the transaction side. 
We serve most of the banks and the UPI transactions have growth through the 
roof, right. So in terms of the new use cases, yes, as you rightly said, it has kind 
of stabilized in terms of use cases. 
But wherever we have integrated with the existing UPI use cases, definitely we 
see the increase in terms of volumes. That's number one, right. So, as we know 
like the revenues is a function of the volumes and the price. Price is the one 
which has kind of deteriorated in the last three quarters. We hope -- though I 
cannot really can't comment or commit, we hope we have seen the worst and 
looking forward to the better days. So, with that, I think definitely,we will be 
seeing the better growth. Deepak, do you want to add anything here? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes, Abhishek. So as Uday just mentioned, so I would say about -- firstly about 
India. So India, we are seeing there is good volume growth which is happening 
and we have seen the volumes are growing about 18% to 20% year-on-year. 
Okay. And so I mean -- and there are UPI transactions -- overall number of 
transactions are high. As I mentioned earlier also if the number of transactions 
go up, our industry also gets bigger and bigger. And we all know that digital 

 
Page 6 of 15 
transactions are going -- month-on-month and year-on-year they are growing, 
right, so naturally our volumes will also grow. 
But once there is a price erosion, the price has come down and that has 
impacted our overall revenues. But since we were able to manage better 
costing, that's how we were able to improve our gross margins by 74 points. On 
the other side, we also do lot of volumes which are international volumes that 
are getting transitioned into India that are very highly priced and sometimes we 
are not there. The growth is limited because the price is very, very high for these 
transactions and its only used for -- mostly for one-time passwords and there 
the growth is quite limited. But as far as India transactions are concerned, the 
growth is quite normal. 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Got it. Thank you for the detailed answers and wish the management Happy 
2023. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thanks, Abhishek. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Thank you. We'll take our next question that's from the line of Balaji 
from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Actually, I have three. The first 
one was regarding the volumes. So, we did see that Trubloq volumes have been 
around 82 billion in the last quarter versus 89 billion in 3Q of last year. So, what 
explains this decline? And I didn't get your answer to the previous question 
where you mentioned that the domestic SMS volumes are growing at 18% to 
20%, but there has been some impact because of the higher pricing on the ILD 
SMS. So net-net, how should one look at the narrative going forward both in 
terms of the blended volumes and the revenue growth? That is one. 
The second question is on this TRAI, which has been working on implementing 
a caller ID system along the lines of Truecaller though I understand that Telcos 
are largely reluctant to get this implemented. In case this gets implemented, 
what are the opportunities and threats that you see? And my final question is on 
this revenue from new customers, which has fallen to ₹322 million in the first 
nine months of fiscal '23 versus ₹571 million in the same period last year. So, 
any color on that? What explains the decline and when should one expect this 
to pick up? Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So Balaji, let me answer the first question on Trubloq, right, volumes. So if you 
look at Trubloq is still growing double-digits YoY and sequentially also, right. I 
think some of the volume delta is largely because in terms of some of the non-
chargeable volume around PSUs, et cetera, that come in, right. So, some of the 
traffic is exempt from a DLT charging standpoint and sometimes there is a 
variation with respect to that affecting the overall volumes processed through 
the platform. 
But if you look at it and we've shared that both the volume as well as the gross 
margins, you will find that we continue to grow very well as far as Trubloq is 
concerned given the scale, right. So, that's on your Trubloq. I know you had a 
part two of that question in terms of was it ILD volume? Was that your second 
question? He had a question within this. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
So, basically what should one look at? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So the second question is -- go on Balaji. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Yes, so basically what should one look at as a more sustainable volume and 
revenue growth? I understand that the other channels like WhatsApp and all is 
doing quite well, this is more on the SMS front. 

 
Page 7 of 15 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yes, so I think both Deepak and Uday kind of talked about a volume growth that 
we still see around 15% in India, right. Pricing has been little up and down, but I 
think on a normalized basis you could see a growth rate. That would be a good 
way to look at from a volume standpoint over a medium term in terms of the 
India market, right. If I were to look at your second question in terms of TRAI 
caller ID, I'll just ask Uday to give his perspective on that. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Hi, Balaji. Uday here. So in terms of the TRAI initiative like, we have nothing to 
add here. We are not in the business of -- in this business so it is up to the Telcos 
and the TRAI and the players who are in this market -- I mean the guys who are 
in the market as mainly Truecaller and other apps are there. So we have nothing 
to add, nothing to lose, nothing to gain. So, it is quite irrelevant for us. So, that's 
the second one, right. Third one, Deepak, you want to take that? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Nine months -- new customers. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
New customers. So, revenues dipped in the last nine months. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. So Balaji, as I mentioned, we have had wins or we have acquired some 
very large customers and -- but with the large customers when you acquire so it 
takes time to integrate. There are lot of challenges in terms of overall integration 
-- integrating those customers. So, that's why the integration is going on right 
now and you would see the impact in the next few quarters and so you'd see a 
much, much bigger impact. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay. Thank you. So I just had a quick follow-up on this caller ID system, which 
TRAI is talking about. While I understand that you may be largely unaffected by 
it, but is there a worry that since you have a strategic partnership with Truecaller, 
the volumes on Truecaller come down and there could be some second order 
impact. I do understand that it's a little too early, but any thoughts will be quite 
helpful here? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Absolutely not, Balaji. So they are talking about voice business here and we are 
talking about messaging business here. Okay. Our estimation is that they have 
around 220 million users for quite some time in India. So, we don't see any 
challenge with the 220 million. But it is on radar for quite some time this topic 
like, but it's not going anywhere to be honest with you. Okay. So, we're not too 
worried about this at all. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay. Thank you. This is quite helpful. All the best. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Deepak Chokhani, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Hi Uday sir. Thanks for this opportunity. I have two questions. You in your 
message, you did speak about a large platform to be launched probably in Q4. 
Could you elaborate a bit on this and by when can we see the revenue to start 
kicking in through this platform? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak, you wanted to come out with -- what is your second question, Deepak? 
Deepak Chokhani: 
So, this the first question. Basically, you did speak about a large platform which 
will be launched in Q4  
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Okay, got it. Deepak, it's a good question. In fact, we have been building this 
product for quite some time and so this platform needs approvals from the Indian 
telecom regulator, which we got it last week. But this platform has to be deployed 
with them and they have -- probably they will come and audit the platform. And 

 
Page 8 of 15 
once they sign off the sandbox, we will do a POC with three large banks which 
we've already signed for it, it's only POC. 
Once we see the success with the three banks, which is going to happen 
sometime in Q1 of next year, then we are going to push this product to the 
commercial launch. So, there are three phases as I told you earlier. But this 
product needs a bit of approvals from the TRAI and it needs various approvals, 
but we got the initial approval and there we have to showcase our platform and 
this platform is under deployment. 
But definitely, our intention is to launch -- at least to showcase this platform with 
international regulators and also international enterprises like say in Barcelona, 
most likely we're going to launch on 27th of February in Barcelona. So, we're 
pretty excited. I'm not ready to give you any -- I'm not going to -- I'm not here to 
make any forward-looking statements in terms of the potential, but it is going to 
address one of the biggest challenges that mobile users are facing globally. So, 
we are pretty excited and we have been developing this product for quite some 
time. So, please stay tuned and probably you should be able to hear something 
from Barcelona on 27th. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Perfect. All the best. So, just a bit on that. Will that be a B2B kind of a product 
or a B2C? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
It's a B2B. But as we -- Deepak, I have been talking about like our customers' 
customers are equally important for us. Okay. To protect our customers' 
customers is the one which is on our agenda and this product is mainly to protect 
all mobile users. So -- but this is mainly B2B to B2C. So we want to offer the 
services to the B2B, but to protect their users. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, Deepak here. So, just to make it simple. I mean you, me, everyone will get 
benefited out of it as mobile users. So, it's like this. But yes, we are a B2B 
company so yes. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Yes, understood. Understood. I got a bit of a gist on that. So, thank you for that. 
So, my second question is Uday and you both mentioned that the business is at 
an inflection point. So usually, we have a seasonality in our business wherein 
the Q3 is the best, Q1 is 2%, 3% -- sorry, Q4 is 2%, 3% less than Q3 and then 
it tapers and then again picks up in December. So, are we seeing that this year 
we're going to reverse that and probably Q4 and then Q1 and Q2 might keep on 
getting better and better, so that seasonally -- seasonality this year will be done 
away with? 
Deepak Goyal: 
We hope so, Deepak. We are working towards it. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Okay. And just the last question. When you think the industry will reconcile to 
this pricing pressure? Of course the telecom operator which is throwing in these 
prices, I'm sure they are also losing money. I'm sure the industry is talking to 
themselves. What's your guess or what's your analysis that when could this 
end? 
Deepak Goyal: 
I feel already worst is over and things are getting better. So, this much I can say. 
And you would see next couple of quarters things should be much, much better. 
This is -- we are very confident about it. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
So just Chinese wall issues like how can a telecom operator -- I mean I'm just 
trying to understand. I mean that way -- I mean globally I've seen not many 
telecom operators are in this particular business. This is so small for them as 
part of their bigger kind of revenues. Aren't there any restrictions on Chinese 
wall wherein the telecom operator can't do something like that? 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Deepak Goyal: 
No, there is nothing like that. I mean if they want to, they can do. But as you 
said, globally we won't have seen any large telecom operators getting into this 
business, because this is a very -- this business has its own advantage and 
that's how it has been -- the CPaaS as an industry is there and the CPaaS 
providers are there to actually provide the services to the enterprise customers. 
And yeah, but I mean this is what it is. But let's see how it goes. 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Sure. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Operator: 
Thank you. A reminder to a participants if you wish to ask a question, you may 
press star and one. The next question is from the line of Nirvana Laha, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Hi. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. I have four questions, I'll 
just place the questions one after the other. So in Q1 call management had 
guided that you expected EBITDA to come back to 20% by Q3 so we are still 
quite a way below that, 17.4% now. So, like what happened there if you could 
give us some commenting and when can we get back to 20% levels? 
Second one was on Trubloq. The revenues seem to have come down by 18% 
YoY at least assuming that all entire last year same quarter revenues would 
have been from Trubloq platform revenue, the revenues seem to have come 
down by 18%. So I know you answered this to an earlier participant, but could 
you help reconcile this? 
Third question is on Wisely Communicate. So one of the key features that Tanla 
is talking about here is E2E encryption of SMS, right? But as far as I know, 
nowhere in the world regulators have mandated SMS encryption. So, are we 
really bullish on this feature or are we banking on the other features of Wisely 
Communicate for the product to take off? 
And my last question is you have mentioned that we now have 611 employees, 
so how many of them are deployed for driving our business outside of India, that 
is a non-India business? Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So the first two let me answer, Nirvana, right. So if you look at it, we saw a major 
disruption in Q1 which kind of resulted in one of our large customer kind of going 
away. And we dropped our margins, right, and we said that we will grow and 
move to 20% by Q3. I think the challenge what we've seen is our expectation in 
terms of the two aspects, right. One is in terms of return to normalcy on pricing 
took a little longer than we thought. 
The second aspect is in terms of just the macro growth that typically one sees 
in Q3, which usually always has a big boost with festive spending. We did not 
see that happen, right. And Deepak and Uday kind of talked about it in terms of 
what has happened, right. 
So, definitely we've been delayed in terms of the kind of recovery that we thought 
we will see as far as the enterprise business is concerned. Having said that, 
every quarter we do see improvement. It's taking little longer. But as Deepak 
mentioned, right, we are optimistic that it will continue to improve and we will get 
there. 
On your second question, I think you're reconciling between 35% of platform 
gross margin coming from Wisely Communicate. What I can tell you is that 
Trubloq has grown 16% YoY, right, so it's not -- there are other smaller 
platforms, some of which have got cannibalized through our Wisely Network and 
that is where the degrowth has happened. But if you look at from a Trubloq 
perspective, we've been growing consistently. There is no change as far as that 
is concerned, right. 

 
Page 10 of 15 
The third question on Wisely Communicate end-to-end, I will ask Uday to give a 
perspective on that. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
I thought you were going to answer that. Okay. Fair enough, right. So Nirvana, 
this is very simple. Wisely Communicate comes with a lot of propositions not 
limited to only end-to-end encryption like. The network -- its whole network runs 
on the blockchain where it will eradicate counterfeits, which is the big concern 
globally. 
And third one is like it can offer many -- in fact it offers all the channels with one 
single API and it can offer many of the suppliers. So just imagine like HDFC or 
one of these banks just downloads a piece of software in the cloud and they 
have access to all the channels, they have access to all the partners -- all the 
suppliers rather, and the reports are written on the blockchain, the CDRs are 
written on the blockchain, and you get the reconciliation on the fly. 
So, it comes with a lot of propositions like. And in fact I don't agree with the point 
like I'm not too worried about SMS being not encrypted globally. If you look at 
even WhatsApp, it is tightly encrypted end-to-end. That's the single largest 
proposition. Going forward once the Data Bill is in place in the next probably one 
or two quarters, I think people are going to take this data privacy and data 
security very, very seriously going forward. 
Right now all the men in the middle rather third-party has got access to your 
data, which I'm sure will be appreciated in due course. So, I'm sure we are pretty 
gung-ho about Wisely Communicate. 
And in terms of employees, Aravind, do you have the numbers? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So we have about 10 employees, which are kind of dedicated for business, who 
are based outside India. We also have a similar, in our kind of business, your 
product and technology team have to work with the global telco. So lot of the 
teams that manages the RFPs and discussions are also based in India, but we 
have about 10 people deployed overseas in the Middle East geography covering 
the Middle East geography, which is what we've talked about as our first real 
basis of overseas investment. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. Thank you so much for the detailed answers. If I can just squeeze in one 
small question. Recently one of your global competitors has launched -- is 
claiming to have launched this new technology called Silent Network 
Authentication, which is an encryption on the SIM card number, which will -- 
which they are claiming as a better solution than OTP. So if you could just 
comment on that? Do you see that as a better solution and if at all, does Tanla 
have that capability if suppose the regulator says that it has to come in force? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Nirvana, like these solutions have been around for quite some time. This solution 
has come from the GSMs standards like. So a lot of vendors have tried in the 
last couple of years. It is not very successful and we are not betting on that at 
all. So we strongly believe that SMS is very powerful, very easy to use, very 
fantastic reach. So I cannot really comment on what my competitors or 
somebody is doing it, but we are not betting on that. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. Thank you so much for answering my questions. All the best. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah, hi sir. And thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the platform 
revenue. So you mentioned that 35% of the platform -- roughly 35% is from 
Wisely and if I think 35%, we are already at a run rate of around ₹1 billion yearly 

 
Page 11 of 15 
run rate. So your mention about reaching Wisely ₹1 billion in the next two 
quarters, is it only for one segment or is it for the overall platform? So, one 
clarification on that. And also if I ex out Wisely from the platform revenue, then 
the -- ex of that, the drop in the platform revenue or the DLT platform is very, 
very serious. So, like what is causing that? 
And the second question is on the pricing impact. So we are not seeing the 
impact of the ILD price hike on our enterprise business like revenues and the 
another reason can be whether the impact on the volumes is pretty severe 
because of the ILD price hike. How we are seeing that? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Okay. So Amit, let me take the question on platforms. I think one of the things 
that we kind of talked about in detail is Wisely is a platform of digital interaction, 
right. So, there are multiple platforms under it and the expectation is each of 
those platforms under the Wisely umbrella would have the potential to reach 
₹100 crore gross margin, right. 
So if you look at it, we've kind of called out four platforms which are in different 
phases; Wisely OTT, Wisely Network, Wisely Communicate, Wisely Engage, 
and then we talked about another platform that is in innovation phase, right. So 
our expectation is in the fullness of time and when it is fully mature, each of 
these platforms will have a potential to have ₹100 crore gross margin and that's 
really the objective, right. 
We also talked about that one of these platforms, which is Wisely Network, is 
already close -- is a good run rate as far as that is concerned and that is why 
you see that number. It is not that collectively it is ₹100 crore, each of them 
individually should be ₹100 crores. So, that's the first clarification to your point, 
right. 
The second point is, again I kind of clarified last time, there is a certain 
cannibalization particularly on the ILD side with Wisely Network that is there 
when we have launched this new platform, right. So it is not right to say that 
Wisely revenues were zero in last quarter, last year and therefore this math will 
not kind of make sense. 
Trubloq has grown to 16% YoY so there is more challenge with respect to 
Trubloq, but obviously there has been some cannibalization as far as we would 
move some of the traffic on the Wisely side, right. So, that's the second point. 
Third point with respect to ILD pricing, see, definitely there has been an impact 
on volume with respect to pricing. We've seen some amount of benefit that we 
spread over two quarters, Amit. So it's not like last time where it was much more 
apparent where the pricing doubled, right. Here the price went up by about 33%, 
right, and last time the price went up by 100%. So the visibility of that in FY '22 
was very, very stark, right. And this 33% also happened over two-quarter period. 
It didn't happen exactly over one quarter because not all of it happened on 1st 
of July so it happened over a phased manner. 
So to that extent between volume erosion and the spread out over two quarters, 
maybe it is not as visible given the size of our ILD business that you would see. 
That's our perspective on that. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, like one more question I have. So the volume impact that we saw 
from like one of the clients where we are working at a lower pricing, so the 
transition of that client has already happened or are we already processing 
volumes at a lower price for those clients? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So could you repeat that question, Amit? 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Amit Chandra: 
So, I was asking that the pricing reset that we had like two quarters back for a 
particular large client, so are we seeing such pricing pressure on other clients 
as well? And are we still having volumes at the lower pricing for that particular 
account? 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, this particular account as we are getting volumes, but we are not getting -
- we are getting much lower volumes and the bigger volumes have moved to the 
other provider. And as far as -- if you ask the question if you have been facing 
the similar pressure elsewhere, as I said, things are much more stable now. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, and all the best. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks Amit. 
Operator: 
We take our next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. First, about the 
product penetration improvement, which you've mentioned. So, can you help us 
understand how it helps us in terms of either wallet share gains or even if you 
can help us understand from revenue and margin perspective whether the mix 
change also have some effect on both revenue growth and margin trajectory in 
a recent wallet survey? Second question is about the demand trend. Now we 
cater to multiple industries like BFSI, e-commerce, and all those things. If you 
can help us understand any change in demand pattern you're witnessing in any 
of the industries, any softness or pocket of weakness which you are witnessing 
in the market? 
Last question is about the new channel revenue share. If you can provide some 
sense of both SMS and non-SMS channels, how it is shaping up for us? You 
have mentioned about WhatsApp and run rate, but if you can provide overall 
holistic number or some sense about that business? And if I can add last one is 
about the competitive changes. If you can provide -- we have seen couple of 
MNC players entering into India through acquisition and then obviously Telco is 
also expanding their presence in CPaaS space. So if you can provide any 
change in the competitive behavior you're witnessing across different kind of 
players? Thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So let me start with product penetration, right, where we said that it's moved 
from 1.6 to 2.1, Dipesh. So, I will let Deepak elaborate in terms of what it means 
for our customer relationship. But clearly what it means is that we are not tied to 
one channel from a customer standpoint. See, when we look at this channel -- 
this product penetration, we are only looking at our top customers, right. 
So one of the points that we talked about is how for example our WhatsApp has 
grown and what's been our investment. So I think from just a holistic relationship 
we want to ensure that we address all of the digital interaction needs of our 
customers and that's where product penetration helps, right. So, maybe Deepak 
will elaborate in terms of how it is helping in terms of our go-to-market. Deepak? 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. Dipesh, so we have -- other than SMS; we have voice, we have email, we 
have WhatsApp, we have Truecaller, and we have lot of new products coming 
in. So, our efforts are to ensure that we penetrate more and more channels, 
more and more products to our existing customers and we have been quite 
successful in doing that and that's how you have seen from 1.6 to 2.1. That's 
why this is a pure indication to that. And it's like one of the channels is WhatsApp. 
I mean our revenues this year would be almost 4x of the revenues what we 
would have done in the previous year. So, WhatsApp is growing very well and 
we have been able to push our user journeys and the experience to our 

 
Page 13 of 15 
customers the way they wanted it and they are very happy about it and we have 
been winning new customers as well. 
Other than that, when we talk about innovation, what we do is we sit with our 
customers and we understand their problems and their current problems and we 
start working on that. So as Uday mentioned that we are working and we are 
about to launch our new platform, our new product, it is right to address that, 
which we have seen that our customers are facing and we started working on 
that in last few months and now we are very near -- we might be launching it in 
the current quarter. So, this is how our journey has been and this is how we are 
able to move forward. It takes time when we go and we integrate new channels 
to our customers and to adopt those channels and to scale those new products 
and channels, but we are in the right path. 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Dipesh, does that answer your question? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
It answered one of the questions. I think I asked about demand trend across 
industries and other things. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, I think we can see the biggest bellwether industry for our business is 
banking, right. So, Deepak kind of covered that as part of his opening remarks. 
While they are growing sequentially, definitely the kind of campaign spends or 
festive spends that we've seen in the past has definitely not happened, right. I 
would say that trend is pretty similar across the board, right, that we saw that 
while the business grew sequentially, we did not see a spurt of spending and 
typically BFSI is a lead indicator on that. So, that's really what we've seen from 
an industry. I wouldn't say there is very, very divergent trends between 
industries, right. I would say BFSI is reflective of what we see in rest of the 
industries, right. 
I think from a new channel perspective, I would say that if I take my enterprise 
business on the back of WhatsApp, et cetera, maybe the non-SMS revenues 
are probably about 14%, right. So definitely that's moved a big way over the last 
four quarters on the back of WhatsApp for sure, right. And from your last point 
in terms of MNC competition in terms of hiring, that's really happened quite a bit 
time back, right. So now I don't want to take specific names, it's not right. But in 
general that is not a new development, I think it is remaining where it is, right. 
The industry, as Deepak mentioned, is competitive; but we are able to hold our 
own as far as volumes is concerned and I think we will continue to build on what 
we have. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Sorry, to persist in the last point. I am raising more from positive side perspective 
because those -- some of those companies are facing their own battle, whether 
the focus in the domestic market may have reduced and it could have positive 
implications for company like us. And about the 14% number which you've said 
for new channel, can you give comparable number, let's say, what that number 
might be last year? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So I think it would have gone up by -- gone down by about -- or gone up by about 
4% as a percentage of revenue, right. What would have been 10% would have 
become 14% on the enterprise side of the business, right. Or on the other point, 
let -- I'll ask Deepak to kind of give you a perspective. 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes. Dipesh, so if you're referring to the global players who entered into India, 
they acquired two companies here. And so as I mentioned earlier, so there has 
been competition, there have been a telecom operator, there have been a 
couple of other guys, the local guys who are going very aggressive. And these 
companies, they work on certain prices and they don't go down so easily and all 
that. So, business has moved from one to another. But as far as we are 

 
Page 14 of 15 
concerned, as I mentioned, we are able to retain our wallet share, we are able 
to retain our customers, and we have grown our margins as well. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. Thanks. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Aggarwal from Leeway 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Sir, my question is regarding platform and enterprise business. As a layman, I 
understand that platform business is more of a premium service you're 
providing. So can we imagine that in next four, five years, all enterprise business 
would be converted into platform business? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Amit, I could not hear you very clearly. Could you just repeat your question? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Sir, my understanding as a layman is that platform business is more of a 
premium service, enterprise business is a more a cheaper product, but they're 
catering to the same customers. Sir, can we imagine that in next four, five years 
all enterprise business would be converted into platform business? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No, Amit. I don't think that's the right way of looking at it, right. Platforms are a 
different business and the enterprise side of the business is different, right. 
Platforms is where we deploy platforms be it with the enterprise or Telco for 
specific needs, right. The enterprise business is more in terms of helping them 
communicate right with the end user, right. So it is not -- one is not going to get 
substituted by the other. They are two very independent businesses with very 
different drivers for growth and both have an interesting and exciting future 
ahead and I don't think that's the right way to look at it. It's not two ends of the 
same transaction, right. It has very different use. So, that would not be the right 
way of looking at it, Amit. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Sir, that means that our platform business is almost in a monopoly situation 
because no other Telco or company is doing a platform business right now 
based on Blockchain? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, definitely -- so monopoly is maybe a wrong word, but we are truly unique in 
terms of the kind of platform that we offer, right. And therefore, definitely the 
competitive environment is very different there. It has different drivers. Uday 
talked about it in terms of -- in his opening remarks. Certain nuances of platform 
business is high profitability, scalability, customer stickiness. So you will have 
those dynamics which are different, right, and that's why it's very, very attractive 
and that's why there is so much focus on that from our side. But that does not 
mean that it is an either/or situation between enterprise and platform. They are 
two sides -- different sides of a coin and both are areas where we are investing 
in as a company. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
And how scalable is platform business? Like, right now we are doing 10% 
compared to enterprise business. Can we imagine that it can overtake the 
volumes of enterprise business in the next four, five years? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So it's kind of difficult to say, right. But I'll tell you definitely platform business are 
scalable and platform businesses are global, right, so clearly it's going to be the 
beachhead on which we are going to do our global expansion. So it's difficult to 
kind of say, Amit, in terms of what could be the proportion in the future, right. I 
would encourage you to look at both of these businesses individually, right, and 
see it for what they are rather than really look for a substitution piece. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay. My last question is, sir, right now platform business -- we are working on 
a very, very high margin. Can we sustain this margin in the long-term, 90% plus? 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, I will tell you globally if you look at pure play platform companies, right, gross 
margins tend to be high. They tend to be 80% plus, right, may not be 96% but 
could be 80% higher. But also these businesses have a huge investment in R&D 
and sales and marketing, right. So while I don't want to say whether 96% is right 
or not, but you can safely presume that platform businesses will have very high 
gross margins. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck to you. 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Amit. 
Operator: 
Thankou. Our next question is from the line of Suresh Agarwal, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Agarwal: 
Good evening, sir. Sir, my first question is if we are losing our competitive 
landscape to Route Mobile? Second, our global presence at present and going 
in future and if we are planning for another some kind of future business forays? 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So from a global business standpoint, clearly there are aspirations. But like we 
have told many times, India is our core market. Today almost all our revenues 
come from India and our strategy is to demonstrate the value proposition of our 
platforms in India before we scale them globally. Because if you really look at 
the kind of scale that India provides and if you can succeed here, it is very easy 
to use that to leverage that to succeed, right. And therefore, while we will have 
that kind of aspiration to go global, today most of our business is -- almost all of 
our business is in India and that's how we are kind of talking about it and we've 
been pretty consistent about that. 
Suresh Agarwal: 
And any other future business like other businesses we are considering? 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So Suresh, nothing at this stage, right, where there is enough opportunity in our 
existing line of business, right, in terms of new platforms and on the enterprise 
side. So as and when we come with something new, we will definitely keep the 
market informed. 
Suresh Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
floor back to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you for joining the call. In case any of your questions remain unanswered, 
you could please reach out to Investor Relations team. Good evening. 
Operator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tanla Platforms Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
