February 21, 2023
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Corporate Relation Dept.
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400001.
Mumbai - 400051.
Scrip Code: 532859
Symbol: HGS
Dear Sirs/Madam,
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on February 14, 2023
This is in continuation to Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Ltd. held on 
February 14, 2023. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015, we wish to attach herewith the transcript of Q3 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of the Company held on February 14, 2023. 
The transcript can also be accessed using: https://www.teamhgs.com/investors 
Thanking you,
For Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Narendra Singh
Company Secretary
Encl : As above

Hinduja Global Solutions 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited  
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
February 14, 2023 
 
Key Speakers:  
 
Mr Partha DeSarkar, Executive Director and Group CEO, HGS  
 
Mr Vynsley Fernandes, Whole-time Director, HGS  
 
Mr Srinivas Palakodeti, Global CFO, HGS 
 
Ru Ediriwira, Chief Technology Officer, Digital Media Business, NXTDIGITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY23 
Earnings Call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. From the senior management we 
have with us today, Mr. Partha Desarkar - Executive Director and Group CEO, Mr. 
Srinivas Palakodeti - Global CFO, Mr. Vynsley Fernandes, Wholetime Director and Ms. 
Ru Ediriwira, Chief Technology Officer, Digital Media Business.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Darshan Mankad from Adfactors. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir.  
Darshan Mankad:   
Thank you Seema. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you to third quarter and 
nine 
months 
ended 
December 
31, 
2022 
earnings 
call 
of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. Before we begin the earnings call, I would like to 
mention that some of the statements made during today's call might be forward 
looking in nature and hence it may involve risks and uncertainties including those 
related to the future financial and operating performance. I would now request 
Partha Sir to share his views. Over to you, Sir. 
Partha Desarkar:  
Thank you and a very good afternoon to all of you for taking the time to listen to all 
of us for this earnings call. I hope you have our earnings presentation in front of you 
that was uploaded on our website and I am going to refer to it as we speak. The first 
slide talks about the key highlights of the quarter and without much ado, let me tell 
you that it's been a very good quarter. Our total income growth was about 8.3% on a 
year-on-year basis and an EBITDA growth was about 57.1% on a year-on-year basis. 
Our net profit at Rs. 51.83 crores was a big improvement over the loss of Rs. 37.88 
crores, a year ago. I'm also happy that the board has announced the third interim 
dividend of Rs. 2.50 per equity share.  
The BPM business has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100% stake in TekLink. 
We have also set up our new center in the city of Barranquilla in Colombia that is 
going to be our second nearshore e center in addition to the center in Kingston that 
we have in Jamaica.  

 
Page 3 of 18 
Our digital media business launched its broadband- over-satellite (BoS) solution, it's 
named “NXTSkyFi” and the first variant of that product supports education 
enablement.  
A quick update on where we stand on the much anticipated buyback plan. You would 
be aware that the final buyback price has been fixed at Rs. 1,700 per equity share. 
The total consideration for this buyback would be Rs. 1,020 crores excluding buyback 
tax. The record date of this is the 6th of March 2023 and the total number of shares 
to be bought back in this buyback shall be up to Rs. 60 lakhs equity shares.  
We'll move on to slide 6, where we talk about specific financials. Here you have the 
revenue numbers in front of you. Our revenues on a Quarter on Quarter (QoQ) basis 
have grown from Rs. 1,075 crores to Rs. 1,165 crores, that is 8.3% growth. Our EBITDA 
has also grown handsomely from Rs. 81 crores to Rs. 128 crores, that's a growth of 
57.1%. Profit Before Tax was negative last year, it's a small number of Rs. 5 crores this 
quarter and profit after tax is Rs. 52 crores. The EBITDA out here includes other 
income as well.  
Move to slide 7. Here we are talking about on an YTD basis for a FY2023 overall. 
Compared with last year similar YTD FY2022 the growth is 18.2%, a handsome growth 
I would say from Rs. 3,262 crores to Rs. 3,855 crores. Our EBITDA has grown almost 
doubled. It was - Rs. 322 crores last year. We've grown it by 94.6% to Rs. 627 crores 
this year. PBT stands at Rs. 205 crores and Profit after Tax stands at Rs. 279 crores. 
Once again, we want to highlight that EBITDA here includes Other Income.  
Slide 8 captures the trend line of the improvement of this business on a quarter on 
quarter basis. You will see that after the healthcare divestment we have been working 
on the profitability of the company, which was impacted by the divestment of a fairly 
highly profitable business. We have been working on quietly improving the 
profitability of this. You can see the trend line. I expect that we would be able to 
improve all this further in the years to come. But as it stands, the margin expansion 
has been about 220 basis points. The digital media business similar trend line, you will 
see that big improvement in profitability of about 220 basis points between quarter 
one and quarter three.  
Coming to the business as a whole, the performance of the CES business onshore has 
been showing good steady growth, significant expansion in clients and a healthy 
pipeline.  

 
Page 4 of 18 
I have been talking about the pressures that we have in the UK business. You would 
recall that the UK business won a large contract from the Health Services Agency, 
which was around track, trace and treat for COVID. Thankfully, COVID is now under 
control and therefore, the volumes coming out of that contract have significantly 
reduced from what we had initially thought it could be and that is why there are some 
headwinds in this business. We have hired a new CEO of the UK business, Mr. Patrick 
Elliott. He brings extensive experience in outsourcing business.  
Offshore and nearshore businesses have actually grown very well. It has grown better 
than the onshore businesses. In Colombia, our new center in Barranquilla has been 
set up with a team of 30 and is going to ramp up in coming months. We have a good 
pipeline for Columbia delivery. This is going to be our primary destination for Spanish 
language work as well as some bilingual work.  
Our digital solutions business has been a stellar performer. It grew the revenues by a 
whopping 36% on a year on year basis in Q3 and 51.2% on a year-on-year on a 9 
month basis. Focused on deepening relationship with core digital clients, drive digital-
led solutions for traditional CES clients, we are significantly strengthening the 
integrated sales team. We have both the digital team and the CES sales teams 
together under a single leadership, so that we get the benefit of revenue synergies 
across our traditional BPM service and our new age digital service. We focus on longer 
term deals such as managed services and cloud. I talked about TekLink acquisition -
almost close to completion, condition precedents are being closed and this 
acquisition is expected to close shortly.  
Moving to slide 12, little futuristic. We are shifting gears and Ru will talk about this 
later on in our presentation from being a services and labour-led business into a 
solution accelerators and platforms- led business. Some of the key solutions that we 
have developed in house in the last two years, called Agent X. It also built a cloud 
accelerator model for cloud telephony transformation based on platforms like Twilio, 
Genesis, AWS and we've also got our new analytics platform called DaVinci. The 
addition of TekLink will fast track this evolution, which is diversified portfolio in data 
and analytics. We are still on the outlook for relevant acquisitions that will bring new 
skill sets and accelerate our growth in this business. By 2025, we want to be a 
significant digital player with a large percentage of our revenues coming from digital 
and technology businesses.  

 
Page 5 of 18 
We have the backing of clients. We had a Net Promoter score of 65 that has been the 
highest in our history. And I am also happy to state that this is a third party survey 
that is done by Feedback Consulting and is done for many of our peers in the IT 
services and in the BPM space. This  NPS score of 65 actually puts us in the 90th 
percentile compared to our peer group. I won’t quote some of the quotes, you can 
look into the slides that we have out there. Obviously, our clients are extremely 
happy. 
 Looking ahead, as I said, we've made good strides by improving profitability by 220 
basis points. There is a continuous focus on improving profitability further to get to a 
point of at least 10%, work goes on. The demand for BPM services is strong, so we 
have to ride the way by investing in an integrated sales and go-to market strategy. 
We are leading with digital in client engagement. In the digital media services there’s 
a huge opportunity in our hands, especially in areas such as convergence, broadband-
over-satellite, educational enablement services etc.  
And Vynsley is going to talk about that in the next section. Over to you Vynsley.  
Vynsley Fernandes:  
Thank you, Partha. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm going straight to slide 16. As Partha 
spoke about it our entire focus as Hinduja Global Solutions, the NXTDIGITAL being a 
part of the HGS global picture, we're looking at how to innovate and continue the 
acceleration into the digital space. Slide 16 will tell you that the innovative product 
that we launched called ONEDigital is already beginning to see significant traction and 
one of the reasons why we believe we're seeing traction is on the right side of that 
slide, which actually shows rather than just launching a product we also as HGS 
continue to walk the talk. We are training people across the country to be able to 
deliver these digital solutions and this digital upskilling program that we launched in 
August last year has already trained nearly 740 people. These are basically franchisees 
who connect a subscriber base of just under 150,000 and the process is ongoing even 
as we speak. That is what we're doing in terms of product.  
Our big foray, which is on slide 17, is that we have successfully launched NXTSkyFi, 
which is our broadband over satellite solution. Interestingly, rather than launch a 
pure product or a pure platform, we've actually launched a solution through very 
innovative retail and enterprise model. We've partnered with Tata Class Edge and 
we've already rolled out education to places in the North and Northeast, including 
Jung in Arunachal Pradesh and Pulwama in Jammu and Kashmir. Students have 
already signed up there for the education. We're very happy because not only are we 

 
Page 6 of 18 
delivering value, but also, we're happy that it's in line with the Prime Minister's Vision 
of digital acceleration and digital inclusion of India. That's something we're quite 
proud that NXTSkyFi has done. In line with that, we have also received our VSAT letter 
of intent last month. This reduces our operating costs further besides reducing our 
lead times obviously and we will be accelerating the direct service solutions under 
our broadband over satellite products shortly.  
In line with that if you go to slide 18, we took the lead and brought together all our 
competitors from across the country to a single table and to a single room in 
December. The idea was to tell the entire ecosystem that now is the time to connect 
together, to converge in terms of products and therefore collaborate. Various 
presentations were made, one was by KPMG which gave a clear insight that the 
television industry is still the David of the industry compared to Goliath and there's 
plenty of room for growth. We also have Accenture presenting Metaverse and the 
challenges around it and the way to go. There were a lot of other sessions and there 
is a link available on that slide. Please feel free if anyone would like to know more 
about those sessions. There is a YouTube link embedded from that slide, you can click 
on that and go to that presentation.  
In terms of KPIs and the next slide which is 19 tells you very clearly how strong the 
digital media business has been in Q3. Our focus has been clearly on improving the 
quality of revenue and the sustainability of the business rather than just aiming for 
top line. So, while we haven't really focused on growing our business, our focus has 
been on quality and that is reflected as Partha pointed out in the EBITDA performance 
where quarter on quarter, we've seen an expansion of about 220 basis point in Q3. 
The same story is relevant even for YoY performance for the nine months where 
we've been able to grow in terms of our EBITDA performance, not just in terms of 
absolute value, but also in terms of margins over the previous year. Staying on this 
slide a bit, there's been a clear focus in terms of stabilizing the video business, which 
went through some significant challenges in the last three years owing to the 
headwinds of the pandemic but that as you can see, is clearly stable and growing. Our 
broadband business, which is our focus continues to grow. All the three key 
parameters that you see on the second half of the slide, which is the 90 day net churn, 
the same month renewal as well as the on-time renewal, all of that is seeing very 
positive traction. That is the summary for the digital media business. I'm going to hand 
over to Srinivas Palakodeti, who is the Global CFO for HGS to take you all through the 
financial slide. Thank you, everyone.  

 
Page 7 of 18 
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
Thank you, Vynsley. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on this 
session. I will move to slide 21, on the financial performance. Little over a year, there 
have been multiple changes in HGS. The healthcare business was sold off in January 
2022 and during the year, the media business became part of HGS. So, these results 
are purely and strictly comparable on a like-to-like basis. It includes all the revenues, 
margins coming in from the digital media business and excludes anything pertaining 
to the healthcare business, so it’s a like-to-like comparison.  
On a year-on-year basis, our revenues are up by about 6.4%, other income is up by 
about 94.4% and total income including other income and revenue from operations 
is higher for about 8.3%. As you have seen from the results, we've had a loss of about 
Rs. 60 crores, which is from exchange rate variation. These are primarily mark to 
market in nature. So that's the reason there has been a dip in the other income in 
quarter ended December 2022 as compared to the quarter ended September 2022.  
On a year-on-year basis, EBITDA is up by about 57%, depreciation is up by about 44% 
and in interest expense there is a reduction, so there is a drop of about 6% there. We 
do have an exceptional item. Reversal of some excess expenses recovered and that's 
why there is negative sign, so just add it as an exceptional item. We have a PBT of Rs. 
4.7 crores and we have tax reversals of about Rs. 47 crores giving us a PAT of Rs. 52 
crores, which compares very well compared to a loss of about Rs. 37.9 crores which 
we incurred in the quarter ending December 2021. So, the substantial increase on a 
YoY basis between December 2021 and December 2022.  
Moving on YTD basis, I'm on slide 22. Total income is up 18.2% and out of which other 
income which includes FX variations as well as interest income, that's up about 26%. 
Our EBITDA come close to doubling from about Rs. 322 crores to Rs. 637 crores giving 
us total EBITDA margin of 16.3% including the other income. After taking into account 
depreciation, interest and the exceptional item the PBT has come in at about Rs. 205 
crores compared to a loss of Rs. 125 crores for nine months of the previous financial 
year and the PAT is about Rs. 279 crores as compared to a loss of Rs. 78 crores in the 
quarter ending December. So, on a nine month basis substantial increase in PAT.  
Moving on to slide 23, the book value per share taking into account shareholders’ 
funds as of December of about Rs. 8,880 crores comes to about Rs. 1,692 and if you 
recall, the buyback price is at around Rs. 1,700 per share, which is at a significant 
premium to the current market price of Rs. 1,300. On a trailing 12 months basis, our 

 
Page 8 of 18 
EPS comes to about Rs. 62 per share. We have gross debt of about Rs. 330 crores and 
cash of about Rs. 1,343 crores, leaving a net cash position of about Rs. 1,014 crores.  
Moving on to slide 24. This gives a better picture in terms of where we have in terms 
of borrowing, which is Rs. 330 crores. Taking into account the cash investment in debt 
instruments as well as short term loans given, the total amount of cash in treasury 
surplus, the sum of these three items comes to about Rs. 6,716 crores.  
Moving on to slide 25. This is the revenue split of our operating revenues of Rs. 1,165 
crores. The BPM business accounts for about 65%, this is voice as well as non-voice. 
The digital services comprising digital media, digital cloud services, analytics, all that 
put together comes to about 31% and other income comprises of 4%.  
Moving on to slide 26. On the split of the operating revenue from an origination 
perspective, US continues to be the largest source that's about 33%. 29% from India, 
this includes the digital media services. UK is about 20%, 13% is from Canada and 
others - Philippines, Jamaica, and Middle East accounts for 6%. On the left hand side, 
the revenue for delivery - India owns about 33%, US 26%, Philippines accounts for 
about 9%.  
Moving on to slide 27. This is the split again, revenue by vertical. The largest vertical 
is media followed by consumer - this is consumer e-commerce products, anything 
consumer facing. Telecom & technology is the third largest sector at 11% and the 
same size is Public Sector, which is predominantly from UK. Moving on to the client 
concentration - this is based on the client's total revenues, operating revenues of Rs. 
1,119 crores. The top customer accounts for about 7.3%, 28% will be for top five and 
top ten accounts for about 46%.  
Our business in terms of DSO days continues to be healthy and it comes in at about 
62 days compared to 60 days as of 31st of March.  
Moving on to slide 29 that shows that a HGS share price movement and we were at 
about 1,300, close of Friday and we are at the same level today. This factors into 
account the 1:1 bonus which was issued in February 2022. So, our shares have been 
trading ex-bonus from about a year ago. With this my section comes to an end, so I'll 
now hand it back to Ru to discuss the digital future and how HGS will deliver the digital 
future.  

 
Page 9 of 18 
Partha Desarkar:  
Before we jump in, I want to just take a moment to say where the future for this 
business is. If you would now see that we've got a portfolio of services that we do. 
We have our traditional BPM businesses, we have technology businesses, we have 
digital media businesses, we have HRO solutions as well. Our goal is to deliver 
compelling digital solutions and services to fulfill client needs globally. Today and the 
future, that will take you through what that looks like. I'm going to hand it over to Ru 
to take us through the next three slides of what the future of this business looks like 
and about the new avatar of the HGS.  
Ru Ediriwira:  
Thanks Partha. As Partha said, our aim is to look at how we can deliver a wide variety 
of solutions and products and services to the market so that we can provide larger 
solution offerings to clients from multiple different industries. Through our 
acquisitions over the last couple of years, we've really built up a huge technology 
base, we've really invested in new talent and new products and service offerings that 
that put together offer clients a much wider selection of service offering.  
If we just move to the slide 32. From being a traditional business process 
management organization, we are now able to look at technology services, software 
as a service, platforms-as-a-service, which we're already doing through products like 
Agent X and DaVinci. We have a very strong software development organization.  
With the merger of NXTDIGITAL, we now have a very strong engineering base also to 
complement all of these technologies. The data services with TekLink and with our 
own internal development, we're starting to look at business intelligence and 
analytics to add the capabilities around artificial intelligence in various industries and 
how those can improve processes for companies. We have a very strong base through 
NXTDIGITAL itself with respect to networking and connectivity both for media and 
telecommunication which can expand well beyond India to the rest of Asia Pacific and 
potentially globally. The whole aim of this slide is to really demonstrate how we are 
expanding, and we are now able to offer all of these wide ranges services to multiple 
different industries whether that is media and telecommunications, financial 
services, energy, healthcare or any other of industry line, we can now develop end to 
end solution offerings for them.  
If we just quickly move to slide 33. This is just a snapshot of one of these types of end 
to end solution offerings that we are starting to develop using all the skill sets and 
acquisitions and capabilities within the organization. In this first example, we are 
looking at a series of network management solutions aimed at any industry that has 

 
Page 10 of 18 
multiple different networking and connectivity requirements and this is not the 
geography specific this can be applied anywhere globally in any geography. We are 
developing network management solutions both as software-as-a-service as well as 
the platform-as-a-service which will enable companies to really procure connectivity 
services in a much more organized fashion than they can do today as well as be able 
to monitor and manage large network connectivity platform. Think of the financial 
services industry such as banks which have hundreds if not thousands of branches 
across the geography can now manage all of that connectivity in a much more 
organized and clear fashion. We're also working on developing work from home 
solutions. Hybrid working very much is the scheme of things in this new world post 
COVID. How do we really improve the work from home conditions such that we 
ensure not just secure connectivity to backend systems, but also that we can monitor 
and ensure that people are actually delivering what they're supposed to be delivering.  
As briefly discussed earlier on, another key area that we are working on is live 
interactive education. Again, this is not India specific, this is something that can be 
rolled out on a global and larger geography basis in terms of how we can deliver to 
our more rural and areas that are not well connected. Live educational facilities can 
really improve the quality of life in those areas. We are implementing managed 
services offerings with the advantage of NXTDIGITAL’s engineering team and HGS’ 
existing customer support team - end to end solution of managing customer 
networks, designing, deploying, and then really managing them going forward. In 
terms of infrastructure, particularly in India, we have pan-India connectivity network 
and we will be able to expand those with partners and with competitors to be able to 
deliver wider connectivity services and broadband-over-satellites. As Vynsley 
mentioned with NXTSkyFi, the opportunities that are offered is just humongous 
whether that is monitoring remote wind farms, power generation or education, 
there's a whole suite of services that broadband over satellite can start to deliver both 
in India as well as internationally. So these are just some of the integrated solutions 
that we are already starting to develop as a combined organization and there will be 
many more of these as we go along. Partha over to you.  
Partha Desarkar:  
We have come to the end of our presentation we now hand it over to the moderator 
for the Q&A session. Over to you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Mr. Gunit Singh from CCIPL. Please go ahead, 
Sir.  

 
Page 11 of 18 
Gunit Singh:  
Can you please help me understand the other income component in our financial 
statement because I believe without that our PBT would not be positive. Please help 
me understand what all does the other income in the quarter entail? 
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
There are two three different components. One is the interest income. As I 
mentioned, the company is sitting on a large treasury balance. So that's the one which 
treasury income which comes there. Offset, in the current quarter, is an FX loss and 
you'll see there on the publishing page that comes to about Rs. 60 crores of losses 
which come from the FX variation. The other income is positive, after also the impact 
of Rs. 60 odd crores, which has come in the quarter end. From the digital media side, 
we had some additional income from sale of set-top boxes, those kind of things which 
come under other income.  
Gunit Singh:  
My second question is regarding the digital business that we acquired from 
NXTDIGITAL. I believe that that business was not a profitable business at the time of 
acquisition and currently we are competing with large players in the broadband 
space. Also, considering that most consumers are moving away from the traditional 
set up box or the traditional TV channels to softwares like Netflix and HotStar so what 
would be our plan to compete with the bigger players and how can we drive growth 
in such a segment where we see such big plays and also a market that is against us?  
Vynsley Fernandes:  
I think you're absolutely right in terms of the changing dynamics of the industry. More 
and more people are moving to online and content on demand. But there's also a 
significant part of India which is still not connected, and this is not something I'm 
saying but what the numbers point to themselves. There are about 80 million homes 
that are still unconnected in terms of a television, and those are aspirational market. 
We've been smart about one thing rather than launch a wired connectivity service for 
the television business, in 2015, we launched a satellite service. That means even the 
most rural part of India can go digital and receive television literally overnight. That's 
one side of the spectrum to answer to your question. The other side is that if you look 
at our focus in terms of growth, we are looking effectively at the broadband business 
and improving the quality of revenue in that area.  
Just to give you a very short sense, if you look at clearly the broadband parameters, 
we're already the 4th largest Broadband Private ISP in the country today with over 1 
million customers. Our entire focus of growth is on that. So last year, this time we 
were about 740,000 customers. We've grown by nearly 50% to where we are today 
at 1.18 million and we see that growth continuing because more and more people 

 
Page 12 of 18 
want a wired broadband connection. As you know, the government recently changed 
the definition of broadband to 2 MBPS, so that is something that we're delivering. I 
mean, we deliver up to even 1000 MBPS is as you would probably know.  
The third thing is that as a business we're very proud about one thing in the group 
and HGS in particular is that we're always at the forefront of innovation. So right now, 
if you look at broadband over satellite, we are the only bundled solutions play in the 
country today, we've already launched. Everyone's talking about launching, and of 
course we welcome them because a lot of them are also looking to kind of align with 
us and become our partners, but we're not necessarily waiting for that. We've already 
launched our service, as I shared with you on the deck. We've partnered with Tata 
study to deliver education and it's already working beautifully in places like the 
Northeast and the north, where connectivity is a challenge. I think as an organization 
we are very clear that we focus on the trends and with the changing trend, we 
continuously innovate.  
One more thing again just last point to your question, if you go back to slide 16, I 
specifically mentioned that our focus is not on pure play television but it is s on the 
integrated solution for customers, which is basically not just television, but that also 
includes broadband which speeds up to 1000 MBPS, includes international and 
regional OTT, voice over IP and Intercom, CCTV and also community and building Wi-
Fi. I think we are well structured to take on the challenges and like I said, our focus is 
to continue to innovate and grow. I hope that answered your question, Sir.  
Gunit Singh:  
Thank you for elaborating. I have another quick question regarding this only. Another 
thing that I want some clarification on the negative tax rate that we’re paying, and 
what should be the expected tax rate going forward?  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
If you see the results for the quarter ending one and two, this is the impact of the 
consolidation and we've looked at the overall taxable position of HGS, and the media 
business put together. Taking into account the certainty of the future profits, we have 
created deferred tax assets and that's what you would see in Q3. That's why you're 
getting with the negative number. The changes are coming primarily from the 
deferred tax item, but otherwise at an overall level, the current tax would be in the 
25% rate.  
Gunit Singh:  
My last question would just be regarding the future outlook given that the IT is in a 
little bit of pressure and stress for the for the coming year and how do you see your 

 
Page 13 of 18 
company doing in the next say one year and next couple of years in terms of the 
revenues and margins?  
Partha Desarkar:  
We have always had a good track record of growth. If you go back to our history, you 
will find that we we've grown at the minimum 10% year on year for a very, very long 
time. With the healthcare divestment, obviously there has been a pressure on 
margins, that's pretty clear because healthcare was an extremely profitable business. 
The team is now focused on improving the profitability of the rest of the business. So 
today you saw that the profitability is about mid-single digits. We would like to 
improve the profitability of the business to the double digits and the efforts are on 
and there are some plans in place as well. It's going to come from taking some costs 
out. It's also going to come from acquiring more profitable revenues and businesses 
as we go forward.  
Gunit Singh:  
Can we expect a double digit margins for FY24?  
Partha Desarkar:  
Look, I cannot give you a committed timeline by when we want to achieve that 
because that's going to be almost like a guidance, and we don't give one. If you look 
at our tracker and then decide for yourself. We have been highly profitable from our 
inception. And we've also seen that we've actually gone on improving the margins. 
There are some levers that we can pull around real estate rationalization as we know 
that large part of our workforce is now working from home in the North America and 
the UK, it is almost as high as 95%. So, last year and even till some parts of this year 
we had long lease liabilities that we are not able to exit on. Thankfully, we've been 
able to now exit of some of those lease liabilities. As a result of which margins will 
improve because our lease costs will go down. We've also been able to divest some 
of the properties that we used to own in Canada and the UK, and we've got 
reasonably good returns from those divestments, so that is also another lever that 
you can put. We also believe that we can improve our IT cost and that is the third 
level that we can pull it. Unfortunately, during the time of COVID, we locked ourselves 
into some long term IT costs that we can't exit right now without paying significant 
exit cost. But the current pricing of those services is actually much lower than the 
lock-ins that we have today. As and when we exit from those contracts, as per 
contractual commitments, then even our IT costs will improve further. These are four 
levers that we have and the fifth one is growing or acquiring businesses that are much 
more profitable, which is in the technology space. These are five things that we have 
in mind. I won't be able to tell you that it's going to all happen by 2024 but this is 
direction where I would like all of us to go to.  

 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh:  
Earlier we did demerge our healthcare business. After that we did the buyback. Now 
we are doing TekLink acquisition and also that educational thing. So overall what's 
your view on the company and what the big thing that we are planning to do going 
forward and what are the strategies that we are following to make our company more 
stable.  
Partha Desarkar:  
Ru tried to cover that in the last closing the presentation slide. You should refer to 
that slide that tells you a broad spectrum of services that we want to get into. Some 
we are already in; some are at a nascent stage and some we want to scale them up. 
So, that broadly answers your question. If you have any specific question, happy to 
answer. But if your question is generically what we are going to do then the question 
is already answered in the specific slide.  
Jyoti Singh:  
My question is on the slide number 19 mentioned about the ARPU. This slide is there 
since last few quarters. Are we working on any strategy to improve our or expecting 
to remain the range with the company focusing on volume gain? Both on the digital 
video also and broadband subscriber also.  
Vynsley Fernandes:  
As I was mentioning earlier, the focus over the last three quarters for us has been on 
ensuring sustainability and quality of revenue. We have therefore our skew earlier 
used to be towards growth, if you look at the last couple of years and these last three 
quarters coming out of the pandemic and the challenges faced, we focused on two 
things. One was improving the quality of revenue and sustainability and the second 
was coming up with innovative products. If you look at the performance of Q3 and if 
you do an analysis and I'm sure you as an analyst would know if you look at the peer-
to-peer comparison or if you look at for both nine months as well as QOQ, you'll see 
that there has been a consistently improving and upward trend in terms of the margin 
both in terms of value as well as the percentage margin that is reflective of the fact 
that we want to ensure growth and the retention of high quality and high ARPU 
customer. So the ARPU that we provide in the data is a blended ARPU of enterprise 
and retail customers. But that is a very significant and stable ARPU if you look at 
mapping it quarter on quarter.  And you'll see that continuing QOQ as well as again 
last year as well, I hope that answers your question.  

 
Page 15 of 18 
Jyoti Singh:  
Yes Sir. Another question is on the profit side that has been largely impacted by 
provision attributable to healthcare businesses. Wanted to understand why the 
provision has not been transferred despite being entire business demerge.  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
So this particular part was not transferred because it's an old legacy item and that has 
been settled and hence the reversal.  
Jyoti Singh:  
On the buyback, the cash we will going to utilize, I mean what are the strategy on that 
side and how are we going to ensure some cash on the books for continuing our 
growth momentum?  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
So, we've announced a buyback of Rs. 1,020 crores and the record date is 6th March 
and we will see how the buyback goes. There will be some amount Rs. 1,020 crores 
odd which will go for the buyback. But the rest of the cash is available for growth of 
the business. As we've announced TekLink and we hope to close that soon and we 
will continue to look for opportunities to grow our overall predominantly digital 
strategy what we discussed a little earlier in the call.  
Jyoti Singh:  
And on the digital services currently around the contributing 30% of the revenue? Is 
it our intention to increase the same given the higher EBITDA margin?  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
Digital in general has higher margins and obviously we would like to grow the share 
of the digital revenues.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hina Parekh from Fintiru 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Hina Parekh:  
Can you let us know what's the strategy for media & communication business and the 
loss has gone up year on year and quarter on quarter. By when can we expect the 
business to turn profitable?  
Vynsley Fernandes:  
OK. I'll start with the strategy. As I was explaining to Jyoti, if you look at the kind of 
product portfolio that we've been focusing on. If you look at individual vertical, you 
will see cable television globally is on a structural decline. There's wire broadband in 
terms of being a standalone product, but when you look at combining and offering 
these solutions under a single window under a single operating method, obviously 
the offtake is much higher. I mean, I'll give you a simple example. You're at home and 
imagine you get one person coming over home for the cable bill, another one coming 
for the broadband bill, a third person for the voice bill, a fourth person for your CCTV 

 
Page 16 of 18 
service, a fifth person for your OTT sorry OTT, of course you can go and do online, but 
all the other services tend to be a challenge. The idea was of integrating all of this and 
bringing it to the fore, which is something that we've done. And so ONEDigital is 
obviously our push. The second big thing and this is in sync with the digital inclusion 
and the digital vision and mission of our Prime Minister to take digital all across the 
country and therefore our broadband-over-satellite offering, which obviously has an 
uptime way beyond what a conventional connectivity of fiber can provide. We chose 
to launch it in the far reaches of the Northeast and the North.  
But however, having said that, broadband over satellite is a strong enterprise 
product.  We are already  talking to corporates in terms of providing them a hybrid 
solution wired and wireless connectivity. So imagine if you have a network of ATMs 
in the cities you will connect them on wire wherever you have fiber and we have over 
10,000 kilometers of our own fiber and more than 120,000 kilometers of fiber from 
our franchise. There are still parts of India which obviously require satellite 
connectivity, and that's where those ATM's and those services will be facilitated by 
broadband-over-satellite. There is significant traction that we're looking at in terms 
of which are the areas that we want to target, which are the markets. We've taken it 
and we're well on course. As we signed an MOU for this service only in May and that 
we announced it in June. Then in three 3-4 months’ time, which is in October in Diwali, 
we launched the service and we expanded it in November. We applied for our VSAT 
license. We received our VSAT LOI in the month of January. I think you'll see a lot of 
traction in this space happening in terms of providing these solutions. So yes, the 
focus will be on ARPU, yes, obviously the focus is on improving the bottom line. 
Obviously, we have a strong EBITDA performance, but as the business, obviously 
we're looking at several levels below the EBITDA to be able to make sure that the 
business is on call. So that's the kind of approach that we have.  
Hina Parekh:  
And for the revenue for digital business has gone down the last couple of quarters 
while the EBITDA has increased. Is there any strategic shift in the clients that we are 
acquiring or serving to for this shift?  
Vynsley Fernandes:  
You're absolutely right. That has been the focus. The line of the mantra for us is 
improving the quality of revenue and sustainability. During the lockdown there was a 
lot of customers that were on boarded at very low ARPUs. Obviously, with the 
challenges of the lockdown, our job was to provide high quality service to anyone and 
everyone who needed it. As we've come out of the pandemic, our teams are focusing 
on quality and sustainability which is why, while there may be a marginal dip, in fact, 

 
Page 17 of 18 
if you look at the nine month number, it's really about just under 1.6% reduction in 
revenues, while as the EBITDA has actually improved as well. So that will keep on 
happening as we improve the quality of revenue, are we also looking at improving the 
software, that's part of the focus as well. And we'll see that happening over the next 
few quarters.  
Hina Parekh:  
And so last quarter you had mentioned that the healthcare business was a kind of 
misfit and hence it was demerged and discontinued. Can we expect the EBITDA 
margin to improve from next financial year for the business without healthcare being 
included?  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
The healthcare business was sold off in January 2022. So essentially for the last four 
quarters starting from January 2022 to December 2022, where results are available, 
whatever results we have published are excluding  any revenues or margins from the 
healthcare business and if you see the earlier part of the deck, we have shown you 
the quarter on quarter improvement in our business and both the digital media 
business as well as BPM business excluding other income they have shown a 220 basis 
point improvement in the EBITDA margin.  
Hina Parekh:  
And one last question with regard to acquisition of TekLink, how soon do we expect 
the synergies to kick in and what kind of contribution can we expect in next financial 
year?  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
I would refer you to the call we had post, we completed the transaction, but 
essentially the transaction was signed in first week of December. We are in the stages 
where the conditions residents have been fulfilled. Almost all of them are done. We 
do expect that to complete that and of course we will be making the announcement 
as and when we complete the transaction that we are required to do. That company 
would have revenue somewhere in the range of about $ 30 million is the current run 
rate.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivas Palakodeti for closing comments.  
Srinivas Palakodeti:  
Thank you, everyone. Really appreciate you joining this call to go over the earnings 
for the quarter ending December. Again, I do apologize couple of times you had to 
wait as we got disconnected especially during the Q&A session. Our apologies for 
that. And as we end the financial year, we do look forward to your joining us when 

 
Page 18 of 18 
we go over the results for the quarter ended 31st March 2023 as well as the financial 
year 2023. Look forward to interacting with you in the near future. Thank you 
everyone.  
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hinduja Global solution, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. For the sake of brevity, the 
edited version of the above content has certain abbreviations/abridgement of words and 
sentences. 
 
  
 
