SUTLEJ TEXTILES AND  
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Lotus Corporate Park, ‘E’ Wing, 5th/6th Floor, 
185/A, Graham Firth Compound, Near Jay Coach, 
Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063, INDIA. 
Phone : (022) 4219 8800/6122 8989 Fax (022) 42198830 
E-mail : info@sutlejtextiles.com Website: www.sutlejtextiles.com
CIN. : L17124RJ2005PLC020927
(Govt. Recognised Three Star Export House) 
Regd. Office:Pachpahar Road, Bhawanimandi - 326502 (Rajasthan) • Mills:Bhawanimandi (Raj.), Kathua (J&K), Baddi (H.P.), Bhilad (Guj.) 
11th May, 2023    
BSE Ltd.                       
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,              
Dalal Street, Fort,                       
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 532782 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.   
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code: SUTLEJTEX 
Dear Sirs / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023 which was held on Saturday, 06th May, 2023. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.sutlejtextiles.com.     
The conference call held on 06th May, 2023, as per the Transcript enclosed, incorporates 
mainly the highlights of financial results upto 31st March, 2023, and other related 
information which is already in public domain and / or made available / uploaded on the 
Company’s website.  
Please take the same on record.  
Yours faithfully 
For Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited
Manoj Contractor 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
MANOJ VINOD 
CONTRACTOR
Digitally signed by MANOJ 
VINOD CONTRACTOR 
Date: 2023.05.11 16:17:42 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UPDEEP SINGH – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SUTLEJ TEXTILES & 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIB MUKHOPADHYAY – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SUTLEJ 
TEXTILES & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited Q4 and 
FY '23 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajib Mukhopadhyay, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Whole-Time Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajib Mukhopadhyay: 
Good afternoon, everybody and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for Sutlej Textiles 
and Industries Ltd for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year FY '23. I trust that you are all doing 
well. 
With me on the call today Mr. Updeep Singh, President and CEO of Sutlej Textiles and 
Industries Limited and Stellar IR Advisor of our Investor Relationship team. We have already 
uploaded the Investor Presentation, and I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the 
same. Let me start the call by giving you the financial highlights of the quarter and financial year 
gone by, after which Updeepji will discuss the business highlights as well as the industry 
highlights. 
As you are aware, for the textile sector, last 2 years have been extreme. While FY '22 has been 
a phenomenal year, FY '23, especially the second half of the year has  been challenging. While 
in the past, the sector faced on either side, the demand side, and the price of our inputs. We are 
in a unique position where geopolitical events and overall inflationary pressures are causing 
challenges for the industry on both the demand and volatile input costs. 
At Sutlej, our focus on building a company that can weather these challenges are bearing fruit. 
With a multiproduct, multi-market fungible manufacturing setup and our relationship with our 
long-standing customers, it has helped us withstand some of these headwinds facing the industry  
and our levels are testament to that.  
 
Now for the full year FY '23, our consolidated Total income came  was flat at INR3,100 crores 
compared to FY '22. This can be attributed to a weak third and fourth quarter demand for the 
year gone by and led by subdued demand in our overseas markets. 
Consolidated EBITDA for the year was INR286 crores, 31% lower than the INR414 crores 
reported in FY '22. EBITDA margin stood at 9.23% in FY '23 as against 13.31% in FY '22. The 
main reason for the decline in EBITDA was higher raw material prices on one hand and lower 
export demand, which led to pressure on the realization. 
Now, I'll move to Q4 FY '23 results: Our consolidated total income was INR752 crores, which 
was lower by 17%, while EBITDA stood at INR34 crores, which is lower by 75%. EBITDA 
margin for Q4 '23 were 4.46% as against 14.71% in corresponding previous quarter. I would 
like to reiterate that the performance of Q4 '23 seems muted since in the corresponding previous 
quarter, that is Q4 '22.  

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
We operated in a buoyant business environment where the demand was up big, and we could 
pass on the higher raw material prices. On a sequential basis, however, Q4 '23 witnessed 12% 
growth in total income and 62% growth in EBITDA compared to Q3 '23, thereby showing 
signals of some revival. As we have been updating you our efforts as strengthening our balance 
sheet continues, the debt to equity continues to remain below 1% and current rate is around 
0.86x. For FY '23, there was a modest increase in overall Debt levels by INR9 crores to INR951 
crores compared to FY '22. 
Those are my opening remarks. I now will request Mr. Updeepji to please take it forward with 
the business and industry updates. 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you, Rajib, and good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. I thank you for joining us on this 
call today. The Indian textile sector has seen its fair share of challenges over the years, and it 
has always managed to reinvent itself. These past few months, especially second half of financial 
year '23, has been extremely challenging. 
While the world continues to be at the brunt of geopolitical tensions, we have seen 
unprecedented inflationary pressures in most developed economies around the world. This has 
impacted discretionary spending in some of these geographies, key markets such as U.S., U.K., 
and EU, continuing to see low demand growth and overhang of inventory. And in domestic 
market, too, I mean, this has created a pressure and the sentiments were weak due to inflation. 
Textile and Apparel exports contracted 13.9% to 35.5 billion in '22,-'23 compared to $41.3 
billion in the previous year, which led to T&A contribution to exports falling to 7.95% of the 
total exports from 9.79% the previous year. 
One of the major reasons of this was that the entire system was carrying a lot of inventory due 
to poor offtake, and fresh orders have been recently resumed. These factors make operating 
environment for textile value chain, especially spinning extremely challenging. And coupled 
with the inventory overhang often translates into price fluctuations for raw materials as well as 
for intermediate products. 
On the raw material front, cotton prices have come off its highs. And although yarn prices saw 
some weakness as a result, the overall spread remains under pressure. You are aware that some 
of the other raw materials used in our sector are directly impacted by the crude oil prices, which 
have also unfortunately been very volatile. Recent decline of cotton prices of almost 45% and 
crude oil prices approximately 35% or recent highs will help ease some of the price pressure on 
the textile value chain. We expect that overall environment will be tough through the first half 
of financial year '24 and begin to stabilize by the second half of financial year '24. 
I mean, on the positive note as well, the Government of India has been taking steps to help in 
building strong textile industry by providing policy support, especially for building 
infrastructure for the sector. Some of the recent steps like a mega parks, FDA with Australia, 
such steps are a welcome move. We are also very keenly awaiting finalization of FDA with the 
U.K. and EU, both of which are large markets for Indian textile companies. 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Now turning to Sutlej and our performance over the past financial year. As you would be aware, 
when we were in our previous capex cycle, we had made some strategic decisions that are of 
extreme help to us in today's scenario. Our fully flexible manufacturing facilities that can use 
both cotton and man-made fibers and in fact, all sustainable fibers, coupled with our green fiber 
plant, has helped us weather the storm to a large extent. This is perhaps our biggest strength and 
provides us with a strong platform to make use of best available resources for the growth. 
Our current capex is expected to be completed by the end of financial year '25, and we are happy 
to report that we have made some good progress and things are on track. To sum up, we have 
had a good year that had potential to be better. However, with our well-placed multiproduct, 
multi-market focus, we will continue to add value to our stakeholders and hope for a good 
financial year '24. 
With that, we can now take the questions on. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. The first question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine 
Investment Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Three questions. So first question is on the home textile piece. So what is the thought process of 
the management on the home textiles, because since last so many years, 5, 7 years, we are hoping 
that things will revive, but it continues to drag. So why do you think we should continue the 
business and what is right to win in that business. I know you have gone through in the past, 
there have been certain troubles, but there seems to be fresh set of troubles now coming across 
and profitability is a  challenge. So that is my first question. I'll come the next question after. 
Updeep Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chirag Shah, and that is a good question to be asked as a  investor. The 
home textiles, as we have been saying that it's a challenging business, because it is a  business, 
which is more on the repeat order side, where the repeats have to be good. Now as we see that 
this year, we have shown on growth in the top line as well, I mean almost a growth of more than 
40%. So here, we are now getting the traction from the export market, especially U.S., U.K., and 
Middle East, where our presence is now being felt, and we are getting a repeat business. So that 
is one premise, which holds us to -- I mean, work on this, this year and to bring up this business. 
That is one. 
Second, with our cut service, we have seen that the volume of our cut service has increased. Last 
year, it was to the tune of almost 62,000 meters only, I mean when we started this. Today, we 
are at almost close to about 190,000 meters, which we would like to grow, because we are now 
putting up more collections. And more collections and more books in the market, I mean, would 
lead to more of the business, and this is a profitable business. So these are the two major things 
that we have, holds us that we should see on textiles as a growth area and a profitable area this 
year. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, just a follow-up on this before I go on to the next one, so do you think that the current 
capacity of 190,000 meters that you indicated is still a subscale for you? And to be a sustainable 
profitable business, the scale needs to be much higher. And according to you, what is that 
number?  

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes. So if you look at, what I call, about 190,000 is only in the cut service. So I mean, our overall 
sales is more. This is only for this specific business or a specific segment that I talked about. 
And we anticipate that in this year, we will be doubling it, this particular segment I'm talking 
about. 
Similarly, in case of exports, we saw in this year, a growth of almost, I would say, 30% in our 
export business in this business, in home textiles. And this year, again, we are looking at --  
another 30% growth, and that all is a profitable business, and major countries like U.S., U.K., 
and Middle East. So that is what I said that these are the growth factors or the drivers, which are 
keeping this business for this year to see and grow this business. 
Chirag Shah: 
The second question was on your margin. So if you look at last quarter, our reported margins 
are largely similar. Now you are assuming -- you're hoping that there will be some normalization. 
And from 3.5% of margins, we would go to around 7%, 8% or a high single-digit margin. Let 
me -- now is that drag on different margin only because of home textile or there is something 
else into it on the other part of the business, which is affecting it? 
Updeep Singh: 
So it is basically because of the home textile business. Otherwise, if you look at spinning 
business, we are -- there is a difference. So I mean, we are on a better margin and spinning 
business. We hired what you see as a consolidated. 
Chirag Shah: 
Can you indicate that number, if you can if you don't mind? Because we already have the EBIT 
number, right? I'm more interested on the EBITDA. In the segment we get the EBIT number, 
right? 
Updeep Singh: 
Okay. It  can be close to, I think, 6% or so. I don't have the exact figure of that on the specific 
business on the EBITDA. It could be that because if you look at our gross margin, it's just 
because of the realization that our gross margin is down by almost 2%. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, last question, just housekeeping, we see lot of Notes to accounts, which includes certain 
provisions, certain reversal of interest subsidies. Can you just indicate how should we look at 
this? Is the issue behind? And why this reversal of interest subsidies came up? 
Updeep Singh: 
See, first of all, to answer your first question, yes, the issue is behind. Now to answer your second 
question on the reversal of interest. Actually, see, there were certain subsidies under the TUF 
scheme which we had claimed as an integrated unit, spinning and knitting. And at that time, it 
was -- and we saying this was based on the capacity, whereas it was clarified later on that it is 
not on the capacity, it is on the investment. That the investment in both the sectors have to be 
commensurate rather than the capacity being commensurate. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I have two questions on the numbers. First one is on your volumes. So if I look at volumes on a 
Y-o-Y basis, they have almost fully recovered. But the margins continue to be still lower. So 
could you just give us an understanding about how are the spreads in the market and why the 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
profitability is still lower despite similar volume because if volumes have picked up this demand 
was still there. So what helped you sell more in this quarter versus Q3, how demand has picked 
up? And what are you seeing in the next 1, 2 quarters to happen? 
Updeep Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, Prerna, for this good observation and question. Now to answer your first 
question, that in Q4, we could sell more. I mean more I would say a little bit more in terms of 
domestic. And about 1% more in case of export in terms of the quantities of yarn. 
See, let me tell you one thing, that during this period, when the capacities were being curtailed 
by the people in this industry, we thought that we should be running it because we'll be able to 
sell it. So as a result, that we did not stop much of our capacity because this was costly affair for 
us to stop the capacity, and we kept on producing. And we explored certain markets which were 
earlier a little bit unexplored as far as we are concerned. 
So that is why we say that in export, whereas we found that in certain markets, we are not able 
to sell because of the subdued demand, we opened up some other market, number one. 
Number two, instead of concentrating mainly on apparel, we looked at just adjacent segments 
as well. For example, we could sell good quality of yarn in our home textile segment as well 
outside India. I mean, in some countries, we could do that as a yarn. And also within apparel 
also, we're little bit concentrated on the sweater industry. So as a result, the export of yarn for us 
was not too much impacted, although we have shown a decline of almost 1%. 
On the domestic side, I mean, again, we explored a little bit more apart than the PV segment. So 
as a result, that helped us to some extent. However, there were a lot of pressure on the margins 
as well as the realization because the realizations were really low because you saw that when the 
cotton was trading very high and the cotton -- yarn was not selling, there was pressure on cotton 
yarn. Some of the spinners converted to polyester and polyester viscose. So as a result, there was 
a competition created -- added competition created in this segment. 
And the good thing is that some of them had to exit very soon because it is a different product 
segment. So that resulted in lot of pressure on the realization in the market, especially in the 
domestic market. That is number one. 
Number two, there was a lot of import of synthetic yarn from China as a grey yarn. So people 
converted instead of having dyed, they converted on the top dyed. So this again resulted in some 
segment in some, I would say, the clusters where there were a lot of import of synthetic yarn as 
gray and then woven and top dyed. So that resulted mainly in the realization. So as a fact that 
while protecting our sales in terms of volume, we had to lose on the realization. As a result, it 
was a decline in the gross margin. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
That answers it very well, sir. Sir, if I want to understand the profitability in cotton versus 
blended today, how would that be? 
Updeep Singh: 
When you say blended, what does it -- you mean the cotton blend? 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, cotton blend, maybe PV, PC as well. 
Updeep Singh: 
Actually the profitability in case of cotton blend. See, we are not into the grey segment. So we 
are basically in dyed and melange. So cotton melange has started moving a bit. And there, the 
margins are of course depressed. But in case of grey polyester cotton, although presently, there 
is a pressure. But in the past, we have seen that people -- I mean, there the margin was better. 
Now we find a better margin in our dyed cotton, in a melange yarn as compared to grey yarn. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And sir, what gives you confidence that things will move in second half? Because 
generally, when demand shifts or becomes muted, we've seen that it generally takes a little longer 
time to come back. So what gives you confidence that second half will be better than first half? 
Updeep Singh: 
Okay. Another good question because we all say that second half is -- it is expected to be better. 
The reason being -- I mean, as we talk today, what I foresee is that, see, we are seeing last 2 
quarters were really depressed. And this quarter or the next quarter could be a little depressed. 
But then number one reason why we say that H2 would be better because the inventories at the 
retailer level have almost depleted. This is what it is.  
What is known in the industry, number one. As a result, there is a pickup in demand initially in 
the home textile sector. You would have seen that even in this quarter, the home textile 
companies have performed well, especially in Bed and Bath. So they have started to move up. 
And we envisage that apparel would follow. Because there is a shift now. I mean, with the 
depletion of stocks at the retailer level, we feel that now there will be ordering. 
The only difference is that their orders would be on hand to mouth. So now they won't order -- 
we expect that they won't order for 6 months to 8 months or something like two seasons ahead. 
There will be whatever is required in the near future, say a quarter. And this has also put pressure 
on us as manufacturer to deliver, to curtail our delivery cycles. The two impacts which we have 
seen now, which will also help in H2 would be, one, the curtailment of delivery cycle, second, I 
would say, smaller lots. These are two things which will factor any -- for good for any 
manufacturer. And we see that the demand will increase, but we'll have to do these two things, 
therefore. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, two more questions. One, on your recycled plant that you invested into 
manufacturing fiber, if that plant would not have been there, what would have been the 
performance of the company? I mean, how it is benefiting in current scenario is what I would 
like to understand. 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, two things in this, Prerna. Number one, I would say, yes, it has contributed positively in 
this scenario because we have control over the raw material. And second, I would say this has 
also led us to a little bit better performance in terms of operations, in terms of spinning. Our 
efficiencies are better because we know the quality of the raw material coming in, where outside 
what we hear is that people are really facing challenges in -- when they buy from outside and 
use the spinner. We have been doing that in the past. But this year, we see that this plant has 
really contributed for us. And this has come very handy in these times. 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, are you seeing higher demand for recycled yarn because most of the global brands are facing 
targets to at least make 50% of their products from recycled -- sell from recycled products? So 
Updeep Singh: 
So I would say, definitely, yes. But we have to look at little deeper on the recycled definition. 
Having RPET recycling is one part of recycling. The other could be on more of the circular side, 
that is the post-consumer waste. So, I would say the demand in post-consumer waste will also 
increase. That is what we envisage because the brands are also interested in that. So, this RPET 
is okay, that is fine. But the more thrust will also come on the post-consumer waste. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And so how is the knitting investment doing? What are your plans there? 
Updeep Singh: 
See, as of now, I would say that knitting -- because there was a subdued demand in the melange 
sector over the last quarter. So it was little subdued, but we -- envisage that because having a 
knitting has advantage that we are selling as a fabric also. So going forward, I mean just when 
the things get better for us in terms of the sector performance, we would definitely explore the 
possibility to go full throttle in the segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Sir, can you just update on our capacity expansion plan, where we are right now and progress 
on it? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Suryavanshi, for the question. On the plan, we are -- as of now, we are on 
the plan, and I must convey this that we have already got the land in possession. Yesterday, we 
signed the lease deed. And the things are in place, and we are now in the process to finalize our 
capex for the same. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay. And now you already highlighted about the demand recovery possibility in the second 
half, but as we are putting, I think most of player -- spinning guys have continued to do the capex 
plan, structurally, how do we see in terms of opportunities for India as well as the industry as a 
whole. And probably if you can -- basically outlook on the recovery for your sector? 
Updeep Singh: 
See, I mean the major contributor to recovery of Indian textile sectors would be the raw material, 
the cotton. How the cotton goes in the next two quarters of the new crop when comes in, how it 
behaves, I mean, in terms of the prices. That is on the raw material side. That is a major portion. 
Other on the demand, as I said during my last answer, that the demand is going to come up over 
the next, say, I would say, 2 or 3 quarters in terms because the retailers have depleted their 
inventories. The only difference would be that it will be a short demand. 
It won't be that long demand for 6 months or 8 months. It will be a hand to mouth demand for at 
least, I foresee, for at least 2 to 3 quarters. But thereafter -- as you know, textile is a cyclical 
industry, so we feel that as the geopolitical situation also improves if at all and also the 
fluctuation in the raw material pricing are a little less. I think this sector would come back. 
In addition to this, for India, I mean the advantage is  impetus by the government. I mean, 
announcing of these parks and thrust. And also, I would say the approach of Ministry of Textile 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
and related ministries. We have seen a big shift. And we all feel encouraged by the response we 
get from the government even in doing the business. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
We have also seen that the government is also pushing for technical textile,PLI scheme also use 
promotion for technical textiles. So the kind of yarn we are sourcing, are we seeing technical 
textile could be of one of the driver for us that we are quite a specialized one. So if you can give 
some outlook on that? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, definitely, yes we see technical textile government is giving a push to that. That is nice and 
people are getting into this. Because this is, to be very honest with you, either a very low-
investment business, high gestation or a very, very high investment and high gestation. So I 
would restrict my discussion only on the low investment and high gestation period.  
Yes, definitely, we have not explored this market with our yarns, and I'm happy to inform that 
on technical textile front also, we have got in couple of customers, and we are doing high value-
added yarn for them. Right now, in little, smaller way, I mean, they are not in the magnitude of 
hundreds of tons. But definitely, yes, we are getting there. We are quite hopeful that some part 
of our business should get into technical textile yarn. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agrawal from Leeway Investments. Please go ahead. 
As there is no response from the current participant, we move on to the next question, which is 
from the line of Rahul Sony from ICICI Bank Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Sony: 
So I have a few observations, so which I'm not able to understand. You have in your presentation; 
you are showing that your capacity utilization has gone down to 91% from 94% and 95% Q-o-
Q and Y-o-Y. However, still the yarn volumes have shown good uptick, both on Y-o-Y and Q-
o-Q basis. So obviously, this is not the production. So if you can provide some... 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, thank you, Mr. Soni for good observation. See, I would say that in textile and spinning of 
yarn, it depends on the count range. At what counts and what product we are spinning. Even if 
we may have lower capacity utilization in terms of number of spindles, our kilos would have 
gone better because the count is coarser and to balance the machineries at the ring frame stage, 
sometimes you have to look at what is the preparatory for that. So although there could be little 
correlation. There is not too much of a correlation between the kilos produced and the spindle 
used. It is subject to the count range. 
So in this period, our count range was a little coarser so as a result, the spindles used were less 
and kilos produced were either the same or the more. That is the reason. 
Rahul Sony: 
Okay. And second question is, sir, like your volumes have picked up both Y-o-Y Q-o-Q. 
However, the market, there was a slowdown in the export market. Still, you were able to report 
higher volumes but there was a decline in margins. So can you give some idea on your -- what 
was the realization? Or what was the decline in realizations compared with the decline in the 
cotton prices -- movement in a cotton prices Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q? 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes. To that extent, yes, I mean I would say this is a right observation because if you would have 
noticed, in case of volume, we are up by 5%, whereas the realizations have declined by 21%. So 
that is the reason because our average realization has come down, number one. Number two, if 
you compare the cotton, see the cotton prices, we being in melange yarn, so sometimes, these 
are not very direct with the raw cotton prices.  
But because of the subdued sort of pressure on this, we had to shift our product mix from 100% 
cotton to blended cotton. In case of for example instead of 100% cotton melange yarn to 
polyester cotton melange yarn, where the value is less. But we could still sell. So that is where 
we lost on the realization as well. 
Rahul Sony: 
So what was decline in realization compared to Q-o-Q? 
Updeep Singh: 
If I remember correct, yes, Q-o-Q, if you look at between Q4 of '22 and Q4 of '23, if you're 
asking that... 
Rahul Sony: 
21%, you said Y-o-Y decline. 
Updeep Singh 
Yes. That was Y-o-Y. And the Q-o-Q, if you look at, there was a decline of almost 5% to 6%. 
Rahul Sony: 
Okay. So -- and sir, the product which we are manufacturing, they are specialized kind of yarns. 
So what is the price difference compared to normal cotton yarn and our products? 
Updeep Singh: 
See, it is -- if you look at a normal cotton yarn, which count if you talk about, the spread in our 
case, I would talk of spread rather than actual price because see if you see the spread in a normal 
cotton yarn, sometimes the spread is INR30 to INR40. In case of melange, this has -- this could 
be as low as INR70 or INR75. And as high as INR120, INR135. So there is a difference in 
spread. 
And it also depends on if China starts importing, I mean, grey cotton yarn, the prices move up. 
So there is no direct correlation, if I have to say, between the realization of cotton yarn, gray and 
melange yarn. Of course, the melange yarn realisation has to be higher. The spread has to be 
higher. 
Rahul Sony: 
Okay. Sir, just one last question. So what's your outlook on the cotton and cotton yarn prices in 
the backdrop of recently Cotton Association of India has cut crop production for the current 
season. And also there is a slowdown in the market? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes. See, for the current season, like Cotton Association has given an estimate, I think, of 303 
lakh bales. And whereas they have -- the mill consumption is shown as 311 lakh bales. So there 
is, in fact, more consumption, and there is an export of almost 25 lakh bales. If you put all this 
together, the closing stock is going to be little, I would say, relatively tight. So I feel that the 
overall outlook for cotton would be little subdued, but this, again, would depend on weather, 
like if -- for example, if we have range now when the crop is coming up, it may also adversely 
impact the crop. So weather is one of the major reasons which will impact the outlook of cotton. 
That is one. 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Then the second is, if China wants to -- if China gets into the business and gets more cotton, 
then the prices definitely are going to, I mean, stay little in the range bound. But overall, 
personally speaking, I feel that the cotton outlook would be a little subdued, range bound to 
subdued in terms of pricing. 
Rahul Sony: 
So you mean prices are going to decline this current year compared to last year? 
Updeep Singh: 
I would say they are going to be stabilized in this way. This is what we anticipate. 
Rahul Sony: 
But they're not supposed to go to the pre-pandemic level kind of... 
Updeep Singh: 
I don't think so. I mean firstly, this is my personal opinion. Pre-pandemic of INR43,000 or 
whatever the price it was. I think we are now in a new normal. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Agrawal from Leeway Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Agrawal: 
My question is regarding yarn business margins. Are -- we are dealing basically in melange yarn 
but still, if you compare to the other manufacturers listed in the stock market, our margins are 
always lower than their margins. Any specific reason? 
Updeep Singh: 
Yes, the reason being that we are in cotton melange, almost, I would say, 45% to 50%, rest is on 
the, I would say, synthetic. If you look at our margins were not ever high as, I mean in, I would 
say, 20s as far as EBITDA goes. But we don't even decline too much. As far as -- because we 
are having both synthetic and cotton dyes. So normally, under the normal circumstances, we 
should be remaining in anywhere between 10% to 15%, 16% under normal circumstances. 
So the fluctuation in cotton -- grey cotton prices are much more. They go at -- the grey cotton 
profitability go up exponentially as you would have seen couple of years ago and come down 
also exponentially. So we are covered as far as the product mix is concerned by having both, we 
have almost 50% plus capacities on dyed synthetic. Dyed synthetic margins, we are basically 
what we call, we are governed by the market prices in terms of our product, in the value adding 
and also the raw material prices mainly because these are governed by the raw material producers 
like Reliance. 
Amit Agrawal: 
So like is there a shift between the demand from synthetic to cotton because synthetic yarn 
business model had so high margins in last 2, 3 years as good as cotton? 
Updeep Singh: 
I would say there is a shift the other way around. There is some shift from cotton to blended. As 
a result of very high cotton prices, we have seen that there is a shift towards viscose and also 
polyester. So that is this way. In synthetic, you see this synthetic is mainly -- I mean, going to 
the suiting industry, both for domestic as well as exports, I would say, the polyester viscose. 
So here, the margins are not very high because these are governed by the raw material supplier 
as well. They are very few and then on the front end, on the marketing side, we have the suiting 
market, which is also very competitive. So as a result, the margins on the synthetic side are not 
too low and not too high. 

 
Sutlej Textiles & Industries Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Amit Agrawal: 
So do you expect the -- if the cotton yarn becomes a very biased market, then synthetic yarn 
business can keep us in good results? 
Updeep Singh: 
That is what we could do that over the last couple of years. 
Amit Agrawal: 
Okay. And then second question is regarding textile business. The textile business had losses 
and this business continuously at the same level. As a turnover is growing, do you expect that 
we should break even this year? Is it another 2 or 3 years before we start breaking even? 
Updeep Singh: 
I don't think I will ask you toward that I will tell you that we'll break even after 2, 3 years. We 
should be doing it this year. I'm quite confident. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Updeep Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Updeep Singh: 
Thank you so much. Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, and I thank you all for joining this call 
and reposing faith in the company and asking very, very pertinent questions. And I hope that we 
should be able to do better in the current fiscal year going forward. 
Our entire team at Sutlej Textiles are behind it, and we are very sure that we will be able to better 
this performance. And in the end, I thank you all once more for joining this call, and all the best 
to you. And have a nice weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Sutlej Textiles and Industries Limited, that concludes the 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
