 
01st February 2023
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.,  
     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor New Trading Ring 
 
     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Rotimda Building  
 
 
     Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
 
     MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532899  
 
      
     Scrip Code: KSCL 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub:   Transcript – Kaveri Seed Q3 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call on  
           Wednesday, 25th January, 2023 – Reg., 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find attached herewith Transcript of Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q3 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call made on Wednesday, 25th January, 2023.  
 
The transcript and audio is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link:  
 
https://www.kaveriseeds.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
SREELATHA VISHNUBHOTLA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: a/a. 
                                                      
                              
 
Sreelatha 
Vishnubhotla
Digitally signed by 
Sreelatha Vishnubhotla 
Date: 2023.02.01 
12:50:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MITHUN CHAND – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KAVERI SEED 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kaveri Seed 
Company’s Q3 & 9M FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Please note that this conference call will be recorded. 
Joining us today on this call is Mr. Mithun Chand, Executive 
Director. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the 
statements made in today’s call maybe forward looking in nature and 
may involve risk and uncertainties. For a list of such considerations, 
please refer to the earnings presentation. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Mithun Chand. Thank and over to you Sir! 
Mithun Chand: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome everyone to our Q3 and 
nine months FY2023 earnings conference call. We hope you have 
had a chance to review the presentation of our results, which is also 
available on the website. I would touch up on the operational 
financial performance of the company and then open the floor for the 
question and answer session.  
We are delighted to declare good results of both Q3 and nine months 
FY2023. We have witnessed higher area coverage during the quarter 
in two of the large segments rice and wheat, which has resulted in 
good revenue growth. Besides this, there has been good revenue 
growth registered in quarter in hybrid rice, maze, vegetables and all 
other seed segments. Another major achievement during the quarter 
and nine months result is that we were able to convert volume 
growth into revenue growth across the segments. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
As part of rewarding our shareholders during the quarter, the 
company had successfully completed the buyback of 23,99,831 
shares of Rs.2 each for an aggregate amount of Rs.125.37 Crores. 
There was a margin expansion in nine months FY2023. EBITDA 
margin was up by 378 basis points and PAT margin was up by 409 
points. This is very encouraging sign and we would be able to 
maintain the margins going forward. Overall response for increasing 
hybridization and increasing share of new products in each segment 
has good results in the current year and in the coming years. 
I would now like to touch upon the operational highlights for the 
quarter. Quarter revenues increased by 6.2% in the non cotton 
segment, hybrid rice and maze revenues increased by 117.1% to 
46.5% respectively. Hybrid paddy KPH 468 scaled up across the 
markets which have resulted in volume and market share gain. 
Paddy higher area is reported from the states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra 
Pradesh, Assam, Odisha, Karnataka and Telangana. The contribution 
of new products was up from 19.73% to 34.29% in the overall 
volumes of maze. Wheat has reported 286.50 lakh ha. as compared 
to 278.25 lakh ha., which has resulted in 8.2 lakh acres more. 
Exports continue to be strong and presently exporting to Sri Lanka, 
Bangladesh and Vietnam.  
Q3 FY2023 financial highlights, revenue from operation was at 
Rs.123.49 Crore as compared to Rs.102.08 Crore in Q3 FY2022 
registered a growth of 20.97%. EBITDA was at Rs.43.95 Crore as 
compared to Rs.16.32 Crores in Q3 FY2022, an increase by 
160.31%. Net profit was at Rs.37.54 Crore as compared to Rs.9.08 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Crores in Q3 FY2022, registered a growth of 313.24%. EBITDA 
margin was at 35.59% up by 1960 basis points. PAT margin was at 
30.40% up by 2150 basis points. 
9MFY2023 highlights. Revenue was at Rs.939.93 Crore as against 
Rs.860.44 Crore in 9MFY22, registered a growth of 9.24%. The 
EBITDA was at Rs.303.67 Crore up by 23.69% on a year-on-year 
basis. PAT stood at Rs.280.93 Crore up by 26.55%. EBITDA margin 
was at 32.31% up by 378 basis points. PAT margin was at 29.89% 
up by 409 points. Cash on books stands at Rs.403 Crore. The 
Government’s commitment to support Indian Research and 
encouraging approvals given by them for the indigenously developed 
new hybrid and advanced seed varieties are going to make big 
difference for us in the coming years. This would go a long way in 
overall growth of the company and we are expecting revolution in 
technology changes in seeds as a segment from both domestic and 
international business. We would like to reiterate again that we are a 
strong R&D company and have been agile in bringing multiple new 
seed variants across the seed segments. I would now open the floor 
for the question and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. We have the first question from the line of Nitin Awasthi 
from Incred Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Sir just wanted to understand where are we on the regulatory front 
when it comes to GM master and HTBT cotton if you could give us 
a purview of where we stand, where the government stands and how 
probable is the commercialization of the same? 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see in the last two quarters there is a movement in the action 
from the Government. The GAC is also moving in terms of 
introducing the new technologies. Most probably they are likely to 
introduce BG-2 RRF in the next one or two seasons. There are 
continuous meetings which are happening with both the technology 
providers, Government and from the private players so there is a 
combination of this thing what we see is that a lot of positivity is in 
the last two quarters. As a company we are expecting that the 
technology will come very soon. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it Sir. Sir also on HTBT cotton so you are saying there is no 
commercialized green light being given by the approval agency as of 
now because if I am not wrong GEAC did approve it? 
Mithun Chand: 
No. This is still under trial. Most of the trials are completed. The 
license needs to be given by the government 
for the 
commercialization. Then everything will fall under it. We are 
waiting for the approval of the GA which is the authority for giving 
the approvals for the technology provider, not for the individual 
products. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay understood. That is all the questions from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev B Zarbade 
from Dreamladder Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: So I wanted to know about the cash on the balance sheet now that 
we have completed the buyback? 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Mithun Chand: 
As on 31, December 2022 the cash is Rs.403 Crores. That is after the 
completion of the buyback. We have completed the buyback in the 
last week of December. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: Okay. Can you throw some light on the competitive landscape and 
are we in a position to pass on price increases in the future? 
Mithun Chand: 
It is a highly competitive market. The competition is between both 
the domestic and the international players. We have all the 
international players present in India. It is not now. It is from the last 
three to four decades they are present. As a company we are 
competing with both domestic and international players in the 
respective crops and we are able to gain market share and we are 
able to realize much better than most of the companies and as you all 
know that seed is the most important part of the entire agriculture 
and it costs less than 5% of the total input cost in most of the crops. 
Spending the money for the seed is not an issue with the farmer 
because that derives the entire rail so usually the farmer does not 
compromise on seed and usually we are able to pass it on to farmer 
and I think it will continue going forward. We do not see any 
challenges in it. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: Right Sir and whether this kind of margins that we have achieved 
in current fiscal are they achievable in the next couple of years or 
can we even may be better from current level? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the previous last 8 to 10 years if you compare our margins 
always they were sustainable. In between there were one or two 
years where the margins were under pressure because as we were 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
dealing with cotton and cotton was regulated. We had some issues in 
a couple of years but if you see always our margins remain in 
between the 28% to 30% and we are pretty confident that those 
margins will remain and it is maintainable. As we go up and scale up 
our sales even there is a chance that there will be slight improvement 
in the margins going forward, but for sure this can be maintainable. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: Right Sir and Sir if I look at your long term financial performance 
we did a peak revenue of Rs.1100 Crore in March 2015 and we are 
still below that level and during this period even the stock prices 
kind of moved in a very range bound fashion? It is almost at the 
level what it was? How do we see as an investor the next three to 
four years whether there a possibility of a quantum jump? Are there 
any triggers? What kind of comfort you can share with us? 
Mithun Chand: 
There are a couple of things to see in it. One when we have done in 
2014 – 2015 the peak revenue the cotton contributed close to 75%, 
cotton as such as a crop. Non cotton contributed only 25%. From 
there, there were so many issues regarding cotton and the acreages 
were at the peak at that particular year. The cotton prices were down 
by more than 20% from then in fact more than 25%. The cotton was 
at 14.5 million that year and now it is around 10.5 million to 11 
million hectors. There was a price cut in cotton seed and we lost 
market share in some crops so it is all resulted in the decline in the 
revenue, but the other part of thing what we need to see from 25% 
we have gone to 70% plus close to 70% in non cotton crops so 
wherein we have improved realizations where we have seen 
continuous growth and these are the crops which are growing in 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
India. For example if you take rice, rice has grown in 24 million 
hectors out of which only five or six million hectors is hybridized. 
These are the crops which are in growing field and we are gaining 
market shares in those crops and we have very good pipeline in the 
crops. Not only cotton, maze is also growing. We are growing in 
maze in all segments. Earlier we were present only in Kharif 
segment. Now we have moved to Rabi segment also and if you see 
both maize and rice are comparable with cotton sales now. The other 
segments even vegetables we are growing sunflower, vegetable 
simultaneously we are growing in those crops but they may not be as 
big as these crops because most of the Indian hybrid market shares 
are for these three crops so what I mean to say is that we are big in 
those three crops and we are also big in the other small segment 
crops. Going forward what we see we are in a much healthier 
position than what we were earlier. As a company we were more 
dependent on cotton in 2014 and 2015. Now we are not dependent 
on any crop but we are there and big in most of the crops in India so 
that is a very encouraging sign and moreover we have set our R&D 
in the last six, seven and eight years. We were having R&D but we 
are spending more in R&D and we have many good pipeline hybrids 
which give us confidence to grow going forward for the next five to 
10 years. The other part we need to see in between, even the 
technologies were not introduced in the last five to six years. It is all 
moving in the last six to eight months so it is a very good sign for the 
entire industry. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: Right Sir and Sir just last question from my side. Has this change 
in product mix anything to do with the steady increase in working 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
capital days over the last seven to eight years? Like I can see it is 
almost 172 days in March 2022 and compared to around 30 or 29 
days some seven to eight years back? Does it have anything to do 
with? 
Mithun Chand: 
Nothing. This will remain based on the seasonality and based on 
those things we need to give, but I do not see much of a change in 
that and if you see whatever cash you are generated in the last six to 
seven years even though the stock price was not performing and we 
were not able to grow, but we have done five buybacks in the last 
five years wherein we have closed to 20% of our equity and if you 
see the quantum which was distributed the shares in terms of the 
buyback or in terms of the dividend this is close to Rs.1100 Crore to 
Rs.1200 Crore. 
Sanjeev B Zarbade: That is very good. Great. Thank you Sir for answering my 
questions. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from 
Counter-Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir firstly on behalf of all the shareholders I want to thank the 
management and promoters for regular buybacks and in the past two 
years the company is doing open market share buyback wherein the 
promoters are not participating so it is even more creditable and 
shows the confidence of the management in the company and the 
prospects, Sir thank you very much once again. Sir just wanted to 
understand Sir taking from the previous caller Sir we appreciate the 
reasons why after 2015 the company went in a sort of a lean PAT 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
due to the regulatory changes which were detrimental to our interest, 
but the question is that trailing 12 months we are doing 
approximately Rs.240 Crores to Rs.250 Crores EBITDA whereas in 
FY2015 we did around Rs.307 Crores EBITDA, so in your judgment 
do you think that in FY2024 if everything goes as per the plan, the 
company can exceed this all time high EBITDA of around Rs.300 
Crores that we did in FY2015? 
Mithun Chand: 
What is the percentage I just need to see but the calculation what we 
have as of now from where we stand we will grow in between 15% 
to 20% year-on-year basis that is my calculation is based on the 
demand but we are pretty confident that it will continue for long. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir in the past not in the Q3 but in the first two quarters of this 
financial year Sir we had seen price erosion in our seeds so is that 
behind us and the kind of revenue growth we are seeing if you could 
just bifurcate broadly in two realization growth and volume growth? 
Mithun Chand: 
Compared to previous year there are a couple of things which need 
to be noticed. In some crops we have not realized well compared to 
previous year. In some crops we have realized well. For example in 
hybrid rice we are not able to realize well as compared to previous 
year even though there is a lot of volume growth. In maize we were 
able to realize more. In cotton, there was a price increase but because 
of the competition this was the lowest realization in the last six to 
seven years for us in the quarter. In spite of all those things as we 
have done good sales in other crops which are high profitable we 
were able to increase the margins. Going forward with the mix what 
we have and with the crops where we have lost, where we are not 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
able to realize well we have pretty much scope of increasing 
realization in those crops. That give us more confidence that we will 
able to maintain and in fact it may exceed from the present levels. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great Sir. Sir lastly I wanted to understand about the vegetable 
segment? Sir since there are so many vegetables I do not know how 
big is our portfolio? How much of the vegetable crops we are 
covering, but the nine month revenues of Rs.35 Crores which are 
roughly like 3.5% of our total revenue so in your judgment is there 
scope that in due course the revenue from vegetables can become 
10% or even beyond of the total revenue of the company? 
Mithun Chand: 
Vegetables is one of the most important portfolios what we have. 
Our vegetables are growing at more than 20% at the industry level 
15% to 20% at industry level and we have pretty much scope in that. 
Even in vegetables, majority of the market shares are by hot pepper, 
tomato and okra. These are the three crops which contribute more 
than 50% of the total revenue so we are basically concentrating on 
three crops traditionally and apart from that we are doing some 
cauliflower and vegetables where we are importing. As such 
vegetable we are very bullish of vegetable. Vegetable will definitely 
contribute to more than 10% of the revenue in the next three to four 
years. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great Sir and also apart from these segments that we have given of 
hybrid rice, selection rice, maize, vegetables is there any other 
blockbuster products in the pipeline which you think can 
dramatically step up our revenue trajectory going forward? 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the crops what we have mentioned cotton, rice, maize and 
vegetables this contributes majority of the hybrid seed market. This 
contributes close to more than 90% of the market share. We have 
very good products out of these four. Apart from this we are in the 
sunflower, mustard, bajara, and wheat which falls in that 10% so in 
all the segments we are there, but we only added this four crops 
because these have the majority market shares. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay Sir thank you very much and best of luck to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samridh from 
Value Research. Please go ahead. 
Samridh: 
Sir I wanted to know what is the volume growth in the non cotton 
segment if you could share the numbers for hybrid rice, selection 
rice, maze and vegetables? 
Mithun Chand: 
Those are all there on the website in the presentation. As of now I do 
not have the volumes but in all crops we have grown. The volume 
growth is one of the aspects but the other thing is also we need to 
also see the revenue growth. There are some crops usually in Rabi 
wherein the revenue is pretty high than we have in Kharif. 
Samridh: 
Okay Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Jain an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon Sir. My first question relates to the 
vegetable business? In FY2022 annual report the company had given 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
a guidance of revenue of Rs.65 Crores for the vegetable seed 
business? Now in the first nine months the company has achieved 
around Rs.35 Crores of revenue in the vegetable seed business so 
would you standby with the old guidance or what is the updated 
guidance and how do you see the rest of the year for the different 
seed segments even though I know it is basically a lean business in 
terms of lean quarter? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically we are pretty confident about the vegetable business in the 
Q4. Vegetables usually come in the Q4 so we are pretty confident 
but in that sort of a figure we need to see to what extent we can 
achieve it. As of now we are on our targets. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay thank you Sir and Sir my second question relates to the other 
income in the quarter? Given that the company has financial assets 
of around Rs.400 Crores and probably at the start of the quarter it 
would have been Rs.600 Crores prior to the buyback so on an 
average of Rs.500 Crores of assets there other income during the 
quarter of almost Rs.31 Crores odd Rs.30 Crores plus so is there 
some one time entry there or what would explain the jump in the 
other income of Rs.32 Crores in the quarter? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the quarter it looks higher but if you see year-on-year 
basis last time it was like Rs.38 Crore to Rs.40 Crore for the entire 
year. This time it is like for the nine months it is like Rs.47 Crore or 
Rs.48 Crores. It should be Rs.5 Crore to Rs.10 Crore more than Q4. 
That all depends on what we redeem. Basically you all know it all 
depends on when we have invested and what time it is getting 
expired. That is how the redemption comes into the quarters and 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
apart from that we had a buyback in the Q3 so we need to redeem 
money for that. That also resulted in more of other income, but on 
year-on-year basis Rs.40 Crores to Rs.50 Crores what we were 
getting that is what we get at the end of the day. Rs.5 Crores or 
Rs.10 Crores plus or minus based on the date of investment and the 
maturity date. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay and one last question Sir. During the quarter was there any 
recovery? There was some outstanding receivables with the 
government corporations which were earlier provisioned for so was 
there any recovery during this quarter? 
Mithun Chand: 
A few amounts have been recovered not significant, but it is in the 
process of recovering but to answer to your question we have not 
provided for any other extra provision for this quarter. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay Sir so in this quarter neither there is any significant recovery 
nor is there any provision? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes but we are pretty confident that will come. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay Sir thank you. This all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from 
Incred Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Sir going through the government documentation one comes to 
know that there has been approvals given for genetically modified 
potato and also banana? Is there any seriousness from the 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
government to push these crops or are these on an experimental 
levels? 
Mithun Chand: 
See that all depends. All the crops will follow. If they give clearance 
for any vegetable for example mustard is an edible crop. We are 
talking about GM mustard as well. If it is given to mustard every 
crop will follow it. It is not only banana, tomato is there, brinjal is 
there. All crops will follow. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Brinjal is on a back burner for some time now? 
Mithun Chand: 
No it is not that there was a debate says that cotton is a non edible 
crop. That is the reason they have not encouraged any permission for 
the edible crops. Now they are talking about GM mustard which is 
an edible crop. If they give any permission or license or any sort of a 
trialing then all the crops will be eligible for that. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question as a follow question from the 
line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir just wanted to understand whether any new developments have 
been there on the tax demand notice that we had received last quarter 
of Rs.71 Crores pertaining to FY2021, any new developments or 
what are we hearing from our legal team regarding that? 
Mithun Chand: 
The last quarter itself we had mentioned that we have went for an 
appeal for it. You know the court how much time it will take. 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Whenever the result is there we will definitely inform the exchanges 
the moment we get it. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay Sir and also are there any plans to get into fruit seeds? 
Mithun Chand: 
As of now no. We do not have any focus on that, but we are into 
vegetables if you call it fruit or not, I do not know because we are 
into watermelon. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay Sir and any plans to get into hydroponic? 
Mithun Chand: 
As of now no. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay Sir and also in our last year’s annual report we had borrowed 
some small quantum of money from the Department of 
Biotechnology at 2% per annum so is there any possibility that we 
can really scale up this funding from this source since it is a 
negligible cost of 2%? 
Mithun Chand: 
We do not require funds as such because we have enough cash on 
the books and we are a zero debt company. That is the only thing 
where we have taken because of government funding and 
government research program is there. For that we were having it 
and we are availing it. It is Rs.2 Crores loan. It is a very insignificant 
loan. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir that is what I am saying like we do not need funds, we already 
have excess funds but even if we can borrow at 2% and invest in 
liquid mutual funds also still we can earn? 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Mithun Chand: 
That activity we do not do it. That is for that particular fund. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great Sir and also Sir the CSR funds that we are using is there any 
possibility of using those funds to increase our visibility and 
goodwill in our major markets? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically CSR funds would not be spent for the company’s branding 
or something that is one of the norms for the CSR, but we have 
invested in most of the education and the rural skill employment and 
skill development and rural infrastructure basically we are spending 
for education. 
Keshav Garg: 
And Sir what kind of approximate capex program do we have over 
the next let us say one year? 
Mithun Chand: 
Year-on-year it will be like Rs.30 odd Crores, Rs.25 Crores to Rs.30 
Crores as the majority of the investment work is already done in the 
new office. It is only for the research work we need to spend but 
year-on-year Rs.25 Crores to Rs.30 Crores that should be sufficient. 
That is what we are doing for the last six to seven to eight years. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir this is R&D capex you are talking about? 
Mithun Chand: 
Across the company. Now capex majority goes for either processing 
or R&D. We are building up our R&D biotechnology plant. For that 
we require capex now. That will be within the Rs.25 Crores to Rs.30 
Crores on a year-on-year basis. 
Keshav Garg: 
Also Sir our subsidiaries we have not really been able to scale up the 
revenue from our subsidiaries which were around Rs.55 Crores in 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
FY2022 after like nine years so going forward Sir firstly what is the 
major business of the subsidiaries and also what is the possibility of 
really scaling it up going forward? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the subsidiaries year-on-year they are growing. Most of 
the subsidiaries were dealing with cotton earlier and we have seen a 
dent in the cotton, but even in that scenario subsidiaries have done 
well in terms of the cotton sale and most of the research is done in 
the main company wherein we have some competitive products 
where Kaveri cannot promote and they are unique. That products is 
marketed in subsidiary companies so they are also gaining and we 
are pretty sure that that will also grow and if you see on year-on-year 
basis we are growing. Compared to previous year also this year they 
have grown. All the subsidiaries have grown as compared to the last 
two years. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great Sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Jain an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Thank you Sir. This is more of a request rather than a question. In 
the last five to seven years the company’s product range has 
expanded significantly, but this is not reflected on the company’s 
website so if you could consider updating the company’s website 
and to bring the product portfolio shown on the website in line what 
you have in the market already? 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Mithun Chand: 
They are already there but sure any how I will recheck it and if 
something is missing definitely we will update. Thanks for your 
suggestion. 
Anurag Jain: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Mody an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Mody: 
Good afternoon Sir. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir 
my question is relating to gene editing technology which has been 
allowed in India and there is no oppose regarding to that? How much 
is the company prepared to deal with it? Is it the company looking 
for collaboration with gene editing technology patent holder 
companies or is it like the company has applied for gene editing or 
something? Will it post check to the hybrids which the company is 
already into? 
Mithun Chand: 
We are open for tie up with companies. Now most of the new 
technology the gene editing technology is coming now, CRISPR is 
the one which deals with it. We are already exploring some options 
in that but it will take some time but we are open for it. 
Vipul Mody: 
Does it pose a threat to hybrid portfolio, existing portfolio? Does it 
compete with our portfolio? 
Mithun Chand: 
When the new technology comes in definitely most of the companies 
upgrade to those technologies. Usually the companies adopt those 
technologies whichever is better because that is what we do in 
hybridization. Even if you take any hybrids if there is any good 

 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company 
January 25, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
germplasm or any new issue turns up definitely we will be for that 
one so most of the companies will upgrade to those technologies and 
I do not think that it is a treat for the existing hybrids. The only thing 
that might be replaced with the new technologies. For example if 
you take cotton when the genetically modified crops came in most of 
the hybrid moved to genetically modified. 
Vipul Mody: 
Okay that is very well understood and one more thing I want to ask? 
What is the special efforts given for exports to increase our sales? 
Mithun Chand: 
Again on exports we are pretty much bullish on exports. We are 
exporting to neighboring countries, South East and even the African 
countries so we see a lot of opportunities there and some of the 
products are very much accepted there and going forward definitely 
you see a good revenue for the exports also, but it will take time as 
we need to test our products in other countries. The registration itself 
takes three to five years in most of the companies. We are already in 
the process of registering it in some companies and we are marketing 
through some other companies there but definitely you will see 
increase in the revenue. 
Vipul Mody: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that would be our last question for 
today. Thank you for joining the conference call. For any further 
queries or meetings please be in touch with Rama Naidu from 
Intellect PR on his mobile number 9920209623. Thank you for 
joining us and you many now disconnect your lines. 
