 
 
Ref: ADL/SE/2022-23/99 
       February 3, 2023 
 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
BSE CODE – 524348 
To, 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
NSE SYMBOL: AARTIDRUGS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY23 Earning Conference Call  
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q3 FY23 Earning Conference call. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI DRUGS LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
 
 
RUSHIKESH DEOLE  
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI M.No.: A54527 
 
RUSHIKESH 
VIVEK DEOLE
Digitally signed by RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=5599, 
pseudonym=52288d43536c4230831c2e75cd4b8c59, 
2.5.4.20=073813c4edff683f8b6ec3cb4e69ca6d8d4f7258a44f6
35abc18581eaa522821, postalCode=421301, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=9b60f64457feab7f455d17463ebe710861bf01b
575f6fc0484483273dabfc17f, cn=RUSHIKESH VIVEK DEOLE 
Date: 2023.02.03 21:06:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Aarti Drugs Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 30th January 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. Harshit M. Savla – Joint Managing Director – Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Harit Shah – Whole-Time Director, Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Adhish Patil - Chief Financial Officer, Aarti Drugs Limited 
Mr. Vishwa Savla – Managing Director, Pinnacle Life Science Private Limited 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aarti Drugs Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity, for you to ask questions, after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance, during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero, on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Adhish Patil, CFO at Aarti Drugs Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone and wishing everyone a happy new year. On 
behalf of Aarti Drugs Limited, I extend a warm welcome to everyone joining us today to 
discuss our financial results for the quarter ended December 31st, 2022. On this call, we are 
joined by Mr. Harshit Savla, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Harit Shah, whole-time Director of 
Aarti Drugs Limited, and Mr. Vishwa Savla, Managing Director, Pinnacle Life Science 
Limited; and SGA, our Investor Relations advisor. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go 
through the financial results press release and investor presentation, which we have uploaded 
on the stock exchange and on our company's website. 
In the quarter gone by, the pace of construction activity for the Gujarat capex was ramped up 
and the construction is expected to get over within scheduled timeline. Tarapur greenfield 
capex, the construction is expected to get over by the end of Q1 FY '24 which will be mainly 
used for dermatology-related APIs. The company is planning to launch products which would 
be import substitutes through this facility. Once the construction is ready, the company is well 
prepared to take up scale up batches immediately. 
As far as Tarapur brownfield specialty chemicals capex is concerned, the company has taken 
scale up batches during H1 FY '23. The equipment required to fully scale up this plant are 
expected to arrive by April 2023. The total capex during nine-month FY '23 stood at INR 115 
crores and is expected to be in the range of INR 200 crores to INR 250 crores for the entire FY 
'23. 
Coming to our performance during the quarter, the company achieved API top line growth of 
9% during the quarter. However, multiple factors were on the margin expansion. Firstly, the 
API prices corrected for the overall industry which was mainly on the account of fall in raw 
material prices. As communicated in the earlier earnings call, the company undertook some 
price cuts to maintain the market share. Though at the monthly order level, we are able to 
maintain the desired gross margins the opening stock for the December quarter was at higher 
rates. 
To give you some more perspective, if we keep December quarter as a base, the equivalent raw 
material purchases would have cost INR 33 crores higher in the September quarter and INR 45 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
crores higher more in the June quarter compared to the December quarter, purely based on rate 
variance. 
All these high-cost openings, raw material and finished good inventory is used in the 
December quarter's sale. Owing to API price correction, the company has taken inventory loss 
of approximately INR 6 crores, owing to the factors just explained above. Ideally, we would 
have brought down raw material inventory days but the company had to keep higher its raw 
material inventory due to an uncertain scenario of sudden spike in COVID-19 cases in 
December and New Year-related holidays in January 2023 in China. The low-cost raw 
material inventory will be utilized from Q4 FY '23 onwards, which is expected to improve the 
gross margins going forward, provided prices don't fall further down. 
As far as the demand is concerned, the company is expecting volume off-take going forward, 
which has remained under pressure due to higher API prices and unavailability of the US 
dollar, in a lot of export markets, especially the emerging ones. With respect to our 
performance across all segments, first, API segment, the largest segment of the company, in 
terms of revenue contribution grew 9% year-on-year. 
The growth was mainly driven due to increased share of chronic as well as acute therapies. 
While selling price remained under pressure due to the reasons mentioned earlier, we are 
witnessing improvement in the volume off-take from January 2023 onwards. Revenue from the 
formulation segment stood at INR 49.9 crores for the quarter. The formulation segment's share 
of the total revenue for the quarter was 8%. The formulation segment's core focus area 
continued to remain exports. During the quarter, exports contributed 39% of the total 
formulation revenue. 
Third, revenue growth in specialty intermediate and others for nine months in FY '23 stood at 
15% year-on-year basis. For Specialty Chemicals, the company has recently received 
commitments from the customers for the brownfield expansion products, as well as for a 
campaign-based product. The company is gearing up the capacities to meet this demand and 
should be able to start delivering the increased demand in next three to six months. 
With this committed line of orders, the company can easily double the Specialty Chemicals 
revenue in next 12 months. Please note that this revenue growth will come only from the 
existing brownfield facilities, and the greenfield capex for Specialty Chemicals will drive 
further growth in the upcoming years. 
Coming to overall stand-alone performance for the quarter, stand-alone revenue for Q3 FY '23 
stood at INR 614.4 crores as against INR 579.9 crores with a year-on-year growth of 6%. The 
stand-alone business contributed tentatively 92% to the consolidated revenue for the quarter. 
According, around 61% of the revenues came from domestic market and 39% from the export 
market for Q3 FY '23 for a stand-alone business. Domestic revenue grew approximately by 
8%, while exports grew only by 2% year-on-year for Q3 FY '23. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Within the API business, the antibiotic therapeutic category contributed approximately 45%, 
antidiabetic approximately 16%, antiprotozoal around 16% and anti-inflammatory around 
12%, antifungal around 8%, and the rest contributed approximately 3% to the total API sales 
of Q3 FY '23. 
The company has successfully steered through multiple challenges in the past 12 months in 
terms of supply chain disruptions, elevated raw material prices, correction in API prices, 
geopolitical uncertainties to name a few. We are confident that the worst is behind us, and we 
are witnessing a pickup in chronic, as well as acute therapies. The demand is steadily picking 
up and volume offtake is expected to return to the growth trajectory within next two to three 
months. 
As far as the company's financial management is concerned, the company remains frugal and 
leverage stands comfortably at 0.53x as of December 31st, 2022. The company will optimally 
utilize the mix of debt as well as the internal accruals to fund the ongoing capex. The company 
will also strive to maintain pay-out to the shareholders while continuing to invest for the next 
leg of growth. With new facility for dermatology coming up in FY '24 along with 
operationalization of the expanded brownfield expansion of Specialty Chemicals facility at 
Tarapur, company expects growth in revenue as well as profitability in upcoming years. 
With this, we can now begin question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
The first question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP BlackRock. 
Chirag Dagli: 
This specialty chemical piece, you talked about doubling of revenue even without the 
greenfield facility. This is currently about 8%, 9% of revenue. for us. So two questions there. 
First is that where are you seeing this number 8%, 9% of sales go over the next two to three 
years, including both greenfield and brownfield expansions that you have? And how different 
is the profitability of this business versus the rest of it? 
Adhish Patil: 
1 thing I would like to correct right now, the spec chem and intermediates, we are clubbing 
together, so spec-chem will be around 4% to 5%, and that we are expecting to double right 
now. And with the brownfield expansion only, the one of the recent brownfield expansion 
what we had done for chloro-sulphonation products. 
That right now, we are just operating at 10%. We are waiting for one equipment, which will 
arrive in April. And after that, immediately, we can scale up the production. And plus we are 
also expanding one of the contract manufacturing products in this segment based on the 
customer's requirement and commitment. 
So based on that, we can easily double our spec chem segment. And as far as the further 
greenfield expansion is concerned, we are hoping going forward, we can take this spec chem 
and intermediates to around 20%, 25% of the stand-alone revenue after two years-three years. 
Chirag Dagli 
 
This includes both Specialty Chemicals and Intermediates. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Adhish Patil: 
 
Correct. 
Chirag Dagli: 
 
This will roughly double the contribution effectively. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, and the margin profile of the product is also slightly higher than our conventional API 
products. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Margins are higher, understood, sir, okay. And the second question I had, sir, was on the API 
business. You talked about prices being under pressure. We've still grown 9% Y-o-Y. On a net 
basis, have volumes grown double digit and prices have come down a few percentage points is 
how we should think about this? 
Adhish Patil: 
As of now, on a sequential basis, the prices have definitely come down. But on year-on-year 
basis, still for the December quarter, there was a bit of price growth, positive rate variance. So 
this time in the December quarter, the volume was quite flattish, actually. Export -- sorry, for 
the domestic market, there was some flattish marginal volume growth of 2% to 3%, but for the 
export, in fact, there was slight de-growth in the volume as far as volumes are concerned for 
the December quarter. 
For the first half year, the volume growth was excellent for the export, but for the December 
quarter, we could see that there was a slight lack of demand due to lack of government tenders 
in the export geography, and that has also to do something with the shortage of dollars -- US 
dollars in those emerging countries. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, any thoughts on margins where we are today? We are at significantly lower than history in 
terms of margins. How should we think about margins going forward? For the API business. 
Adhish Patil: 
So the margins will definitely improve because see, we based this comment on the information 
that our current monthly orders which we are taking, they are at significantly higher gross 
margins, significantly means as compared to the financials. So they are where we typically 
want. They are there at the desired gross margin level. But then it is not reflected in the 
financials because of this sharp decline in the raw material prices. What happened was, we 
started this December quarter with very high inventory around 100 days. 
And all this inventory was at a very high rate. As I was saying that, if we purchase December 
inventory with the September rates, then it will cost us 33 crores higher. And if we compare it 
with respect to June rates, it will cost 45 crores higher. So my point being, the prices have 
come down significantly. And the selling prices with, say, one month lag, they will follow the 
raw material prices, but our inventory was more than almost 100 days. And that had really put 
a squeeze on the gross margin. 
In fact, we have also taken 6 crores of inventory loss for the December end for some of the 
finished goods, where we saw that the earlier purchases, the cost price was slightly higher than 
the selling price. But we have already taken that loss, which was contributing to around 1% in 
gross contribution. And in addition to that, this FIFO method has also squeezed margins quite 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
a lot. So we definitely see that once the pricing stabilizes of the raw material, then we can see 
some healthy margin expansion in our gross contribution. 
Chirag Dagli: 
So Q4 should be better than Q3 in terms of margins and that exit is what should probably -- 
will you improve on that exit margin for the full year of next year, FY '24? 
Adhish Patil: 
So Q4, definitely, I believe should have been better. Only one concern is there that in Q4 also, 
our inventory was high and the reason being in the month of December, there was a lot of 
uncertainty related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Another wave and lockdowns. And because of 
those reasons we have kept the raw material inventory high so that we should not face any 
production losses. 
So that is the only worry that we will be carrying some bit of inventory into this March quarter. 
But apart, but then the thing is still this inventory will be significantly lower than the opening 
rates of the December quarter. As I said, that almost 33 crores of difference is there of what we 
purchased in December versus had we purchased the same with the September rates. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from Congruence Advisors. 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, first question would be, can you just give a split on nine-month geographical split for our 
company? 
Adhish Patil: 
I don't have it right now, but then tentatively, I can tell you. Based on last year, our Asia would 
be somewhere in 15. But we'll get back to you, though, with this correct numbers. And then 
Latin America would be somewhere in early 20s. And Europe will be late teens or something 
like that. And Africa might be another 10% or something like that. But I think we might have 
published this number in the investor presentation. 
Pujan Shah: 
 
Yes, but details is for FY '22. I just want the nine months FY '22? 
Adhish Patil 
 
We'll do one thing. We will update that slide and put it again. 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, one of the questions would be, as we are exporting the like semi-regulated like Turkey and 
some of the countries like Mexico. So how we are handling the currency crisis that we have 
been facing? Yes, we are net exporter to the country. So I understand that. So how -- like what 
are the steps we have taken for that part, and how we are looking for the countries to evolve in 
next two to three years for our company? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So that is a very relevant question because that is the reason why we have been facing 
some trouble as far as the export demand is concerned for in the latest quarter, not before that, 
but in the latest quarter. However, one point to note is that we do most of our export contracts 
in -- mostly in US dollars and a little bit in euros. 
So that way, we are insulated from the currency variation of the individual country. So that 
particular forex risk is actually on the client side, but then definitely, if they don't manage it 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
well, then they will go in financial trouble and that might cause some delays in payment per se, 
something like that. 
Pujan Shah: 
My add-on question would be that only that if they have been getting into financial trouble, are 
we getting any difficulty on the recovery side for that like are we getting any delay for the 
debtor side? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes, as of now in December quarter, our numbers look okay. It was very much in line with the 
previous averages as far as credit days are concerned for export market. And moreover, we are 
slightly insulated because of this insurance also, which we have taken fees, the insurance we 
have for the exports. So that gives a bit of more comfort to -- for receivables. 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, my broad ask would be on the, like, let's say, we have sales of currently, our API sales is 
84% and our revenue has been muted. So like what are the -- like what I can read is we have 
grown in the volumes, but due to price erosion, we can't get that value for the specific API? 
Now the second question, like just the add-on would be that on the and the formulation as we 
have into greenfield and the brownfield, we are yet to expand much on that part. So are we 
saying that in the next 12 months or, let's say, two years in down the line, we had like not very 
low, but the dominance of API will start decreasing and the other will be start increasing. 
And what are the broader margins we would recollect for it. Because in the last quarter, we can 
see that we are having the gross margin of 34%. Last year, December, we have a 34% gross 
margin. So what are the visions we have been taking to for the specific call that due to these 
APIs being somewhat commoditized, how we have been aiming to get into the two, three years 
of vision for our company? 
Adhish Patil: 
So as far as margins are concerned, this 34% gross margin, we believe we can achieve in APIs 
as well as soon as your rate scenario, the input price rate scenario stabilizes. Then you're right, 
that API, our spec chem and formulation segment will grow at a little higher pace than the API 
segment. One of the reasons will also be because of APIs of higher base is almost, as we said 
that, in '80s, it is contributing to the revenues. 
So percentage growth for spec chem and formulation will be slightly higher. In formulation 
also, we are targeting higher margins through more and more exports. Spec chem obviously 
have slightly higher margin as it is with compared to APIs, and the API margins should also 
grow because once this input rate scenario stabilizes, because what we are seeing in -- if you 
compare the monthly sales order contracts and the monthly purchase order contracts, what we 
are doing every month, we can clearly see that there is at least 3%, 4% improvement in the 
gross margins. 
But the problem is in raw material, what happened is it takes around, say, 15 days to 30 days 
for the material to reach the factory, and then we have around 100 days of inventory. So there 
is that certain lag. So in the changing input prices scenario, we face squeeze in the gross 
margin. But then if it stabilizes, then definitely, it will improve is what we feel. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Pujan Shah: 
And do we see this API price erosion has been bottoming out? Or are there is still place to left 
for the erosion due to the market structure and market was been like before the COVID that 
was a spike -- due to COVID spike was being such a high? So are we seeing still a space to 
have some price erosion and then it start bottoming out? Or and the second question would be 
as we have said that we have decreased the inventory days. 
And you are -- like we are also keeping the inventory due to the COVID-related issue, like if 
there is a sudden spike in China or something like that. So the question is, are we -- the 
working capital then it would be very like stringent because like as we are paying for the 
inventory and we are also keeping the inventory. How you are managing that specific change? 
So yes. So that's the two questions. 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. As far as -- you're right about the inventory. Now the problem with not keeping inventory 
was uncertainty. If we face production losses, then we might lose market share. Market might 
get stuck for that particular product, and we might lose clients to competition. So we took a 
conscious call but we don't want that means temporarily decline in margins is okay, but then 
the production should be at full scale. So that we don't lose any market share. And the natural 
downside of that was squeeze in the gross margin. 
Definitely, in a stable scenario, we can easily improve, we feel that we can easily bring down 
total inventory days by around 20 -- at least 20 days, bare minimum. It's quite easy. So that 
will also put -- reduce pressure on the working capital requirement. I mean right now, our 
working capital debt would be around 360 crores and the long term will be around 240 crores. 
So definitely, the working capital debt will also go down if you bring down the inventory. 
Moderator: 
 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Can you please talk about how is the situation for inventory destocking in stocks, most of the 
geography that we are seeing in API companies, not just in our company but as well as other 
API companies across the globe. And when do you expect this situation to bottom out? 
Adhish Patil: 
 
Are you asking that when the API prices will stop going further down? 
Ankit Gupta: 
No, I'm asking about companies, across various companies, we have been hearing that there 
had been some surplus inventory built up during 2021 and 2022, which has actually impacted 
the demand during the past few quarters. So how is the situation currently? And when do you 
expect the situation to bottom out and improve from thereon? 
Adhish Patil: 
 
I request Harit bhai to answer this question. 
Harit Shah: 
Yes. Actually, the government price is -- as far as government prices are concerned, they are 
almost at pre-COVID level or lower than that. And as far as demand is concerned, we expect 
demand to pick up in the next two or three months, February, March onwards. We expect 
demand to further move up. So all inventory, which were in pipeline has come down to a very 
realistic level now. So we expect demand to go up by March, April onwards. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, how are the API prices compared to the pre-COVID levels? How are they currently are -- 
like as you were saying, the raw material prices have come down to pre-COVID levels, but 
how are the final API plans? 
Harit Shah: 
Yes, it follows, like we are also almost coming down to pre COVID level for most of the APIs. 
Case to case is different, but more or less, we are at pre COVID levels. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, on the capex of 600 crores that we are implementing over the next three or four-five 
years, can you talk about for any of given product-wise capex? So when each of these capex 
are expected -- is expected to be completed? And how do you see the growth panning out for 
us in during FY '24 and '25 post completion of the phase-wise capex? 
Adhish Patil: 
So as I was saying that one brownfield expansion, which will be meaningfully scaled up in the 
first -- coming first quarter, that is June FY '23, '24. And then in the same quarter and towards 
the end of that quarter, we are expecting our another greenfield facility at Tarapur to be 
operationalized then we will start taking the scale-up batches. The pilot batches of the same of 
the scaled up pilot batches at another location are being taken right now as we speak. 
And as far as the spec chem greenfield project is concerned, which is coming up in Gujarat, 
that we expect by the end of first half, that is towards the end of September, that particular 
facility will be operationalized. And then it might take around a one month or two month 
troubleshooting problems like scaling up and on. So those are the tentative timelines as of now. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And how much revenue will this both brownfield and greenfield API could get it to us. The 
specialty chemical capex, what kind can be the asset turn or revenue that  we can generate 
from them? 
Adhish Patil: 
So the revenues after completion of this -- both these projects, plus we had also planned an 
expansion of antidiabetic facility. When all these put together, our revenue potential can go 
until around 4,500 or something like that, all put together, brownfield and greenfield all put 
together. 
Ankit Gupta: 
 
And all this will be completed by end of FY '24 in worst case? 
Adhish Patil: 
 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And will also, given the kind of slowdown that we are seeing across our existing product 
portfolio – we still will also have some room for increasing capacity utilization at the existing 
plants as well. So this will also -- that will also contribute to higher revenue, INR 4,500 crores 
includes everything, like new capex and existing? 
Adhish Patil: 
 
Correct. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And sir, on the Specialty Chemicals side, we have seen that a lot of companies which are into 
intermediate specialty chemicals and especially the one focusing on China substitute products, 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
we have seen a lot of dumping happening from China in the past two, three quarters, especially 
with the demand slowing down in the domestic economy because of COVID. 
And that has impacted and impacting the prices of the finished good products to certain level 
that the cost of production for many of the companies has increased considerably comparable 
to the finished goods products. So are we seeing the same thing in our specialty chemicals? Or 
how is the scenario because of China dumping a lot of products in India? 
Adhish Patil: 
So see, over the last one decade, I would say, from 2011 till 2020, that decade it was very 
much evident, many of the spec chem industry and pollution norms basically has become very 
strict in China, which are little relax and because of that, even the level laws where it become a 
little more strict. 
And their operating costs went up because of all these factors. Because they started coming -- 
they started complying, to adhering to these strict norms. So that gave us a lot of opportunity to 
come into this spec chem space, intermediate space and also the API space. 
Obviously, government -- our Indian government is promoting through various schemes 
wherever possible. definitely, if not directly, at least indirectly, it will help the industry. And 
we feel that China Plus 1 strategy also playing in some of the cases, because more and more 
export markets, they do want to have an alternate supplier from India. Earlier when they were 
focusing only from China, at least 20%, 30%, they will start moving to another geography. But 
in this particular space, other than China, India is another country which is very strong as far as 
manufacturing capabilities are concerned. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So what we have seen -- sorry to interrupt you, but what we have seen is in the prices of the 
Chinese manufacturer go down below the Indian manufacturer, people still shift back to the 
Chinese players because the prices are lower. So do we see that across our product sale side? 
Adhish Patil: 
Yes. So the products in which we are there, because the fact that our capacities are as big as 
Chinese, if not bigger than them in many of the cases, in the top 15 products which we 
manufacture, that is the reason why we are able to market our products at par with China. In 
fact, there are three, four products which we are already exporting, and we are adding also a 
couple of products to China, to for the Chinese market. 
So we are selling our product, which is manufactured in India to China. But what we have seen 
the Chinese government protect their industry quite a lot by putting a lot of registrations into 
place. It is not like easy from a regulatory standpoint to export our product to China. It is not 
just about quality and price. It has also to do with the regulatory aspect, if you want to export 
to China. But other way around, it is very easy for a Chinese manufacturer to export into India. 
Another good indicator is that in last six, seven years, Southeast Asian market, which was 
predominantly occupied by Chinese manufacturers, they had a stronghold in that market. But 
we were able to penetrate and that is the reason why our Asian market share has gone up 
significantly higher over the last seven, eight years. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
So as far as cost is concern, we are able to compete with China. So it is more to do with other 
macro factors and other regulatory environment. 
Ankit Gupta: 
But my question was more to do with the specialty chemicals side. APIs, we have a 
stronghold. We are our Top 5 or Top 3 player in many of our molecules, but the specialty 
chemicals will be some of the products in those will be a new entry for us. And so how will be 
the situation there, specifically? 
Adhish Patil: 
The product, if we take our two, three specialty chemicals, those products also, that particular 
business, which we are getting more and more market share from a particular contract 
manufacturer. So earlier, they were procuring from China, that particular product. And 
recently, we got 30% bump in that particular contract as well. So we are getting market share 
from China, even in spec chem products. 
And in some of the cases, in fact, there are even Chinese counterparts, who are talking with us 
to manufacture certain products over here, and they will then focus further on the -- further 
higher end of the value chain. So there is collaboration right now. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And last question on the margin side. There is the new ramp-up up to, let's say, 80%, 90% of 
the capacity, including the incremental capex that we are doing, and it's let's say, around INR 
3,800 crores, INR 4,000 crores kind of revenue. What can be the steady sales margin that we 
can expect from the company? 
Adhish Patil: 
So the current business can go current means not the -- I'm not talking about greenfield 
expansion. But the current business, once we achieve higher utilization, that can fetch us 
around, say, 15%, 16% EBITDA margin, plus because of the higher exposure to spec chem 
and export formulation. Slightly, we can at least try. Our target should be to reach towards 
18%. 
Ankit Gupta: 
At least in a normal rate, 16% to 18% is what we can aspire to achieve both. In fact, 18% is 
what you're saying. 
Adhish Patil: 
 
Yes, after all the expansions are complete. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Prerit Choudhary from Green Portfolio. 
Prerit Choudhary: 
So in the previous call, the company mentioned that there had been some delay in orders for 
high value, high margin products which have affected the margin. So are there any changes in 
the current quarter? Are those products delivered? 
Adhish Patil: 
Frankly speaking, I don't recollect to which particular products you are referring to as of now. 
But the thing is those products will be delivered if it was API or spec chem kind of product, 
typically orders don't get delayed this much means if not in that particular month by next 
month, they are delivered. So I'm assuming that these products will be delivered. But the main 
reason for the squeeze in the margin for this quarter was because of the inventory, which I was 
explaining earlier. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Prerit Choudhary: 
So those products, you don't know which all the products were, I mean, if you can some data, 
what was the order sizes? 
Adhish Patil: 
 
I pull up that data, then I will come to know. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhagwan Chodhary from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
Just a few clarifications from your starting comments. You said that we lost INR 30 crores 
kind of the revenue because of the pricing. Is that right? 
Adhish Patil: 
No, actually, what I was trying to tell that the opening inventory as of 1st October, typically, 
all those purchases were done in the month of September, if we take around, say, 90 days to 
100 days of inventory cycle. So whatever was purchased in that particular quarter -- September 
quarter would have been sitting in the -- by the end of that quarter. 
Now if we use the September quarter rates and check the rate variance with respect to the 
December quarter rate, then we saw that there is INR 33 crores of negative rate variance means 
the raw material purchases have actually come down by INR 33 crores for a quarter, purely 
because of the rate variance. But when we -- but we were carrying the stock that much 
expensive stock to start the quarter of December. So all that particular stock which we 
purchased in December must be sitting at the 31st December stock value. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
From the other way, you said that we have the INR 6 crores loss of inventory. 
Adhish Patil: 
That is another thing. In addition to this factor, there was INR 6 crores of inventory markdown, 
what we have done for finished goods, wherein the prices have collapsed so much because of 
this 100-day cycle, the cost price is actually higher than the selling price. So we have marked 
on the inventory to the selling prices. And there, we further suffered that INR 6 crores of 
inventory loss. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
So on the other side, when you say the growth was 6% on a standalone basis, I'm saying that 
again, there the volume was flat in domestic and negative in exports, and there was a growth 
on the pricing. So that's you comparing on a Y-o-Y basis. And the other two things, INR 33 
crores and INR 6 crores, this was the Q-o-Q basis? 
Adhish Patil: 
Correct. So the margin squeeze, I was explaining because that is related to what we purchased 
in the previous quarter, but then we had to sell the inventory at lower prices because the prices 
collapsed significantly. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
So my next question, now if the pricing are the same, and we are carrying some inventory of 
the earlier quarters as well. So what would be the impact in this quarter this impact scenario? 
Adhish Patil: 
So this quarter, definitely it should be better provided. Right now, still we can see -- we can -- 
in the January month, January month itself, there was a price reduction if we compare with the 
average realization of the December quarter, there is still further price reduction. But if these 
prices. 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
On final products. 
Adhish Patil: 
Of final products. So if this price reduction stops here. And that final product is basically based 
on the raw material because the raw material prices are also going down, and that is the reason 
why the final products are going down. So -- and at the order level, we are still making decent 
margins, but the problem is we're carrying this 100 days of inventory. 
So if it stops here, then definitely, March quarter will look much better than the December 
quarter. But if month-on-month -- if the raw material prices keeps going down and so will the 
selling prices, then again, something like December quarter might repeat. But then it looks 
difficult for the prices to go down further from here. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
And what is the update on this US FDA inspection part? 
Adhish Patil: 
So we furnished the final response in the month of September. And then in October, for the 
same plant, we got EDQM audit. In fact, we had a Canadian audit schedule for the same plant 
in January end. But then we got information from Canadian authorities that because we have 
already been inspected by the EDQM authorities recently. So they won't be coming for the 
audit. 
And this EDQM thing certification and all should be out by 27th of February. So once we get 
that in hand -- with that, we will send a further reminder to the US FDA officials that after our 
last communication, another regulatory audit has taken place, and these are the results. So we 
invite you to the plant. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
My understanding is we were already approved by EDQM? 
Adhish Patil: 
We were already approved. But after that, we are approved in 2016, then 2017, we had US 
FDA audit, where which because of the previous points, the import alert point lifted. But now 
after that US audit, the Australian audit has taken place last year and fresh EDQM audit has 
taken place this October. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
But we were supplying to Europe from the same facility? 
Adhish Patil: 
We were supplying, but the problem in some of the cases, in some of the multinationals, who 
are procuring APIs in their formulation plant for both US as well as European market, they 
refrain procuring from us because their product is going to both the markets, and we are 
approved only for Europe and not for US. So that is challenging sometimes. In some cases, we 
were supplying, but you can say if we clear US FDA, then even the Europe market will open 
up fully for us from that facility. 
Bhagwan Chodhary: 
I was just trying to understand the significance of current EDQM. Is it going to add something 
to our kitty in terms of value…? 
Adhish Patil: 
It should because that will be the latest audit. So that is why we feel that it will add to that… 

 
 
 
Aarti Drugs Limited
 
January 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Zain from Dolat Capital. 
Zain: 
I just want to know the one question, which is about for formulation. It is a 9% decline Y-o-Y. 
So I want to know the reason for that. 
Adhish Patil: 
So formulation what has happened, we have won a tender in Latin American market and we 
manufactured in our local plant -- local formulation plant for this tender and we moved our 
product to our subsidiary, in that country. So because it was internal sale, the product has 
reached the export market. But from there, now it will be sold in March quarter in this quarter 
to the final authorities in that country. 
So that is the reason why we had to remove INR 10 crores of sales and INR 2 crores of profit 
from -- because it was under consolidation, it got netted off. But it will come in March quarter. 
So there were some deferred sales. This time, we did not sell more into domestic market for 
formulations, and that is the reason why the sales look low. And even the profit is looking low 
because it got netted off in the consolidation, but it will come in the March quarter. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Adhish Patil for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhish Patil: 
So thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earnings call. We appreciate your interest 
in Aarti Drugs Limited. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, our Investor 
Relations adviser, or us directly. Thank you. Bye. 
Management: 
 
Thank you, thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aarti Drugs Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
