 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            ASSOCIATED 
       K E D IA G R OU P 
Dreams Determination  Dexterity 
 
 
Associat ed 
Alcohols & Breweries Ltd. 
Registered I Corporate Office: 
4th Floor, BPK Star Tower, A.B. Road, 
I ndore - 452 008, (M.P.) India 
Contact No. +91 731 4780400/490 
Fax : +91 731 4780410 
E-mail : info@aabl.in 
CIN : L15520MP1989PLC049380 
 
 
 
20th February, 2023 
 
 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
PJ Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 507526 
 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ASALCBR
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call held on 14th February, 2023 on Earning Presentation 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015 
please find attached herewith transcript of Investor call held on 14th February, 2023. 
 
A copy of the said transcript along with audio recording is also available on the website of the company 
www.associatedalcohols.com  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited 
 
 
Sumit Jaitely 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Plant : Khodigram, Tehsil Barwaha, Distt. Khargone - 451 115 (M.P.) 
SUMIT 
JAITELY
Digitally signed by 
SUMIT JAITELY 
Date: 2023.02.20 
18:56:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited 
Q3 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call, 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Associated Alcohols And Breweries Limited 
Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then  “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chaiti Gujarati 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and over to you. 
Chaiti Gujarati: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Chaiti Gujarati from Valorem Advisors. We represent Investor Relations for Associated 
Alcohols And Breweries Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings call for the third quarter and 9 months ended of 
financial year 2023. Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's concall may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely 
to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review.  
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating in today's conference 
call and give it over to their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Tushar Bhandari, Whole 
Time Director and Mr. Ankit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I will 
hand over to Mr. Tushar Bhandari, Whole Time Director for his opening remarks.. 
Tushar Bhandari: 
Good afternoon, everybody, it is a pleasure to welcome you to our earnings conference call 
for the third quarter and nine months of the financial year ending 2023. It is always been a 
pleasure to interact with all of you. I would first like to give an update on the macro scenario 
around the industry and then will take you through the operational performance and then 
we'll hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Agarwal, CFO of the company for discussions on financial 
performance, which we reported yesterday, and then we will open the floor for Q&A. The 

 
Page 2 of 16 
consumption and the growth story of India continued during the quarter supported by the 
festival mood across the country. During the third quarter the company deployed an 
aggressive strategy to push sales in quest for higher market share resulting in lower sales 
realization. This move will help us to maintain our leadership position in Madhya Pradesh, 
and consolidate our brand positioning in the market. Unfortunately, inflationary pressure 
continued to be severe during the quarter for critical inputs like rice, PET resin and coal. This 
was partially mitigated by the ongoing operational improvement measures taken by the 
company. EBITDA margins were lower, due to lower sales realizations and inflationary 
pressure on the input materials. Operational headwinds are also expected to remain in the 
fourth quarter of the financial year. With rice, glass prices expected to remain at an elevated 
level. We are pursuing price increase and continued with our operational improvement 
measures to minimize the impact. We are delighted with the announcement of the new tax 
plan announced by the Honorable Finance Minister of the country in the recent budget and 
hopeful that the increase in disposable income in the hands of taxpayers will help the 
business of the company in the long run. Further on the progress of Ethanol Capex Project, 
the same is in full swing, and the upcoming plant with a capacity of 40 million litres per 
annum is expected to start commercial production by May 2023. Lastly, the Stock Exchange 
has given the NOC to SEBI on the merger with Mount Everest Breweries Limited and we are 
awaiting their approval. With that now I hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Agarwal to take us 
through the financial performance of the company. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you Tusharji. Good afternoon everybody. Let me take you through the financial 
highlights of the third quarter and nine months ended financial year 23. For third quarter the 
net revenue from operation was around 185 crores which increased by approximately 13% on 
year on year basis EBITDA was reported at 17 crores with an EBITDA margin of 9%. Profit 
After Tax for the quarter stood at around 11 crores, with a PAT margin of 6%. Our segmental 
sales volumes or IMFL volume was around 15.6 lakhs cases with a growth of 62% year-on-
year basis. IMFL proprietary was around 3.9 lakhs cases representing a growth of 51% year-
on-year basis. IMFL license brand was around 5.46 lakhs cases, representing a growth of 31% 
on year-on-year. Our merchant ENA sale was down by about 47% and stood at around 45.9 
lakh case liter. This decline was primarily due to higher internal consumption of ENA for our 
own IMIL and IMFL. For nine months of the financial year 2023 our operating revenues stood 
at 517 crores, which is an increase of around 41% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA stood at 
around 48 crores with EBITDA margin of 9%. Profit after tax was reported at around 32 crores 
with a PAT margin of 6%. Now, with this brief overview, I would like to open the session for 
question and answer. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentleman we will wait for a moment. We have the first question from the line of Saket 
Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 16 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir as you mentioned about the inflationary trend in the raw material basket, if you could give 
us some more color, how the current prices are trending in terms of coal and the rice part. 
What do you foresee in the coming future? I think the coal prices have corrected significantly. 
So, when are we going to reap the benefit of the same and how are the margins. What steps 
are you taking to improve your margins you spoke about penetrating the market with 
increased sales. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Good afternoon Saketji, Saketji there is an inflationary pressure primarily in terms of the grain 
which is a major grain and packaging material and as you rightly said that coal has supported 
and is on the slightly on the downward trend. So, in the rice and grains, we see an upward 
trend in the market and with the more number of ethanol plants coming up. So the demand 
for the grain will increase and that might lead to an increase in the price and how we are 
mitigating that is we are trying like see next year the price approval, we will have to take in 
the April. So we will try and take an increase in the price in whichever states we can and to a 
certain extent almost 30% of our business of our top line constitutes of sale of ENA. So, the 
price increase in the grain has already been taken care in the sale of ENA and we have 
increased the price of the ENA but wherever the IMFL and IMIL is concerned, we will try and 
take the price increase like something in the mid of the year we have done in Kerala and we 
have spoken to the Kerala Government and foregone the turnover tax. So which has given the 
additional margin to the company. So, like that we are talking to various states for price 
increase. But apart from that on the packaging material side though the packaging material of 
the corrugated boxes and others have reduced however the price of glass has increased 
substantially and PET is also slightly on the increasing trend which will support us and which 
will go down. So that is happening on the front plus apart from that we are also trying to get 
into innovative packaging and trying to see how we can help and reduce the cost by either 
decreasing the weight of the bottle or introducing PET wherever we can. So that is the 
mitigation strategy which we have taken and plus on the on the purchase side also of the 
grain, we started buying directly from the mills to avoid the brokers so that the broker margin 
also comes to the company. So, these are the few steps which we are taking to mitigate these 
pressures with in line with the focus of increasing sales substantially. So, as you have seen 
that the sale of all our products have seen a substantial increase from last year compared to 
this year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir if we take it is not part of the story going there. So, we have the details that the sales 
realization had at higher prices and there has been a long time, also an upward revision so 
factoring that and the current grain prices how are your margins shaped up for the sales 
participation to the ethanol lending program and what portion of your sales are directed 
towards it? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
The margins would be almost similar to the margins, which we have in terms of which we 
discussed around 8 to 10% and that the new thing in the ethanol plant would be completely 
on the sale of the ethanol side and government is also considering with an increase in price of 

 
Page 4 of 16 
coal and grain, the government is also considering an increase in the price of ethanol and the 
government is also considering an increase in the price of transportation of ethanol. The 
government is also taking care because these questions have been raised in our All India 
Distillers’ Association meeting and we discuss with the government and now the priority of 
the government is to increase the ethanol blending from 10% to 20%. So, they are trying to 
mitigate the increase in the price by increasing the price of ethanol. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you. On the coal part sir, of the total power and I think the power and fuel mix only the 
coal is affected. 22.57 crore is the power & fuel number. So how will this line item shape up 
sir with the current coal prices what kind of reduction are we expecting going ahead? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Coal is on a downward trend slightly. So, what we have seen a slightly downward trend 
around 5% from the peak. So we might see a further slight decline in the coal price. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Are we sourcing it domestically only. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
yeah we are purchasing domestically 
Saket Kapoor: 
That is e-auction route and how is the pricing then money, 5% is what we are going to gain 
going ahead. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Five percent is a slight correction that has already happened and further we are expecting 
around 1 to 2% decrease in the price and plus apart from that the procurement is either 
through brokers or through direct government allotment. So we have both models. We have 
got government quota also, direct allotment from the mines and plus buy through brokers 
also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you quantify the numbers in terms of the total coal requirements on a quarterly basis by 
value terms? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
By value terms I can get back to you on that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right sir. I will join the queue again thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia capital 
Advisors Private Limited, please go ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Thank you for this opportunity . Tusharji request your thoughts and perspective on how the 
products are failing you mentioned that the market share is improving and you spoke about 
Madhya Pradesh, but I thought that Madhya Pradesh was already a leadership position for 
your company and despite the inflationary scenario, you have kind of gone about reducing 
selling prices. So what has been the benefit out of that? So maybe in quantitative terms if you 
could explain as to how the IMFL positioning has changed. How the proprietary trends have 

 
Page 5 of 16 
changed? How in which stage what has happened?  You at least share some details on the 
sales side. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Okay, Manishji we have uploaded the presentation also on the same and I will just brief you 
on that also. So as you rightly said Madhya Pradesh, we have been on the leadership position 
always okay. The main thing is that if we have to increase our sales from here on, we have to 
penetrate in the other states which is slightly tough position which we are trying to achieve. 
So as per the sales, the number of cases we have almost there have increased overall almost 
90% in the sale of IMFL numbers of cases. So as compared to nine months of 24 lakh cases 
last year, we have already done 46 lakh cases this year. In terms of IMFL proprietary brands 
six months if I compare. So, as compared to six lakh cases last year, I already had 11 lakh 
cases, that is an increase of around 87% and IMFL licensed brand from around 7.5 lakh cases, 
we have done around 11.76 lakh cases. So, that has been an increase of 55%. So, we have 
seen an increase in sales in Madhya Pradesh substantially out of all this, and now we are 
trying to penetrate into other states. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
So, all sales that you shared about the details that you shared is all Madhya Pradesh. What 
about the other states? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Primarily and IMFL proprietary brands versus other states. So, IMFL proprietary brand’s major 
contribution is from Madhya Pradesh and from Kerala. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
So, we will be happy if you would color in terms of the breakups and okay, how much is MP 
contributing? How much is Kerala contributing? Then in the previous calls, we have shared 
that you are looking at markets like UP, You're looking at markets like Delhi, then I think also 
you have joining markets to Madhya Pradesh on the eastern side. So, what has been the 
outcome of all those efforts that have been made and how many customers present in touch 
point are you present in like ultimately product is the retail products which are available in 
shops. So, how many shops are you available at.  See we would like to basically get a deeper 
dive on this because I explained to you where we are coming from a company which used to 
do fantastic operating margins has suddenly completely kind of dipped, and this is element of 
concern that how a very robust business leadership profile across products in at least the 
Madhya Pradesh region is kind of not resulting in the margins that were already being 
achieved. So, actually, if you notice this time you increase the prices of ENA. So the 
commodity business is giving you a better margin than the retail product, the branded 
product, because there you have actually reduced prices. So we are wanting to basically get a 
better understanding. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Definitely I'll give you the segment wise breakup also. So as already I have given the segment 
wise breakup and state wise breakup, we can provide you but apart from that just to inform 
you that we have been able to achieve good numbers in Madhya Pradesh and Kerala. For 
other states, as we had discussed that in terms of UP, in terms of Delhi, in terms of West 

 
Page 6 of 16 
Bengal.  West Bengal we are in line with starting right now. So we have not been able to get 
the breakthrough yet, because there is severe competition also coming in from a lot of 
people. So we are just trying to break through in other states so once we break through in 
other states, then the volume growth will happen substantially and as you said that margins 
have dropped, definitely the margins have dropped that is primarily because of the pricing 
increase in the commodity price and the liquor is a much regulated industry. So in every 
state, the price increase is completely dependent on the excise commissioner level whether 
he wants to give the price increase or not. So we have been trying to convince lot of the 
excise authorities to give us a price increase because the grain price has increased 
exorbitantly they have increased by 50%, coal prices have increased by more than 50%. So 
that's why the margin has dropped irrespective of sales realization, sales increase, the margin 
has dropped that is a major reason. So if you would have seen that the top line is growing 
substantially is in line with our expectation the top line growth, but the margin pressure is 
definitely there, which we have to agree. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So to add up to Tusharji, if we adjust the inflationary pressure and the commodity prices, 
more or less, we will end up the same margin profile which we used to have. So, the 
ultimately it boils down to how much price escalation we can get from the government 
authorities regulated authorities where we are operating. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Ankitji I think this is the first time that we are getting the opportunity of interacting with you. 
So that is very nice, because otherwise I think Tusharji was the only one who was 
representing the organization on these calls. So see Ankitji the point is that you are having a 
distillery where your core competencies and bringing production efficiencies in making the 
best ENA available right. Now to improve the margins you decided to get into the retail side 
of things, but that is not happening. So, basically the whole thing is kind of getting a little 
confusing, that is one and secondly, see, you have continually made attempts to get into 
these various states. So, maybe, obviously, there is competition, right, because the 
competition also wants to sell the product. So, is it so would you think it will be a better 
strategy just to be a regional player, a strong regional player where we just kind of control the 
state that we are mean how beneficial is it to make attention and like what kind of being able 
to make breakthroughs. 
Tushar Bhandari: 
See what is happening is that that was happening is that we have been able to, we are 
definitely a strong regional player on that plus apart from that, see whenever you enter a 
particular state, you have to see a lot of things you need take a lot of things into 
consideration. So we have been able to have a significant breakthrough in say Kerala market. 
So Kerala market within three years of operation, we have achieved a 7% we are almost the 
fifth largest suppliers there after the big like USL and Radico and all. So we have been able to 
do a substantial big breakthrough there, but apart from that, the other states like which I said 
Delhi UP and all. So what happens is that when the cost price increases substantially, and you 
do not get that increase in the price by the government, then it becomes difficult for a player 

 
Page 7 of 16 
who is coming from outside to enter into that state. Okay, though, we are trying and pushing 
our product and trying to see what we can do best. So, what we have also done is now we are 
also getting into within next two to three months, we will launch a super-premium brand also 
so that the margins are good and for us, it's become viable to enter any other markets. So 
these are the major factors, why the breakthrough is not happening, otherwise it would have 
happened. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Like we are also moving towards the premiumization. So that we can increase our margin 
profile and go back to what we used to have and we should be able to see the results in next 
one or two quarters going forward. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
So we are not aware about this super premiumization? Would you like to share some news 
with us? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Yes, we are launching a premium, a super-premium gin. Okay, in the price range, its depends 
on the market, we enter. So it will be on a premium side and then we are launching we are 
going to launch a whiskey which is in the range of slightly lesser than 100 Piper range, which 
will be a blend of Malt and the Spirit. So these are the two premium products which we are 
targeting to be launched in the first quarter of next year. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Okay. Fantastic and sir now on the element on the matter of this merger and all that you 
have got the stock exchange NOC, so what kind of timeline can we expect for this merger to 
come through? 
Ankit Agrawal:  
So, so, on the merger parts stock exchanges have given their NOC to the SEBI, now, the final 
approval from the SEBI is pending which we are expecting by first week of March. So, once 
we get that, we are hopeful that we will be through with the NCLT and all other operational 
regulatory clearance in next four to five months post the approval from SEBI which we are 
expecting by first week of March and as you brought the question of the merger also. So, that 
is also one of the major reasons because the Beer company which is doing frankly well as one 
of the fastest growing company in the country, so, they have been able to create the brand 
so, that will post the merger that will help associated brands also to just ride on those brands 
and make breakthroughs so are able to ride the wave of beer and make breakthroughs in the 
states which we are planning. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Okay. Can you share the details about how the other company has performed in the last 
quarter? 
Ankit Agrawal:  
The performance we will share this separately but it is as per expectation and what the 
projection has been done for the purpose of valuation of the merger so it's in line with that. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Okay, okay. Because see because the exchange ratio and everything has been already 
finalized. So, then I don't see as to why the financial performance of the company should not 
be shared. Shareholders are already getting the see the prices has come down from some 
very good levels to capturing the merger ratio. So, that we anyways bearing. So how is the 
other company sharing is something that you would like to understand, 
Tushar Bhandari: 
Financial performance has already been uploaded and shared and further. 
Ankit Agrawal:  
We are waiting for the approval of the SEBI. So once we get the nod from the SEBI, we will be 
happy to share all the performance of the company so that is the regulatory requirements. So 
once we go through the SEBI approval process and then we will start with sharing the 
performance of the company. We can give you the heads up it is in line with the projection 
which we have done. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Dhariwal may we request you to kindly rejoin the queue, please. We have the next 
question from the line of Paras Bothra from Ashika Group. Please go ahead. 
Paras Bothra: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So now, I also wanted to understand Mount Everest only. 
Probably you won't be able to disclose much, but at the same time directionally if I wanted to 
understand like we are in quarter one, you projected that 190 crore was the revenue and the 
margins were way higher than what Associated Alcohol was at 18.45%. So how is it sharing as 
far as margin is concerned it is going to be margin accretive for Associated Alcohol when the 
combined entity comes in and is the run maintained what it was, for the first quarter, right? If 
you can directionally share something about Mount Everest will be great. 
Tushar Bhandari: 
For the first quarter Mount Everest details which we had given, okay, and as per the 
projection of the years, which we have expected, so, it is absolutely in line with the 
projections and the performance is absolutely in line, but obviously, the first quarter and the 
second quarter cannot be the same, because we are seeing a seasonal business. So, the first 
quarter is the summer season. So, that is the best performing quarter and the maximum sales 
happens in the first quarter and the second quarter what happens is that the post the rainy, 
the sales starts to decline slightly in the beer industry per se, but the numbers the sales and 
everything is in line  
Ankit Agrawal : and plus as far as margin is concerned definitely this will be a margin accretive for a consolidated entity 
and we are very hopeful that this will be beneficial for the entire shareholders. 
Paras Bothra: 
Okay and the second question and the last one is with regard to associated alcohol itself, 
when you say that you are willing to do price revision at the same time, if you can highlight 
how much time it takes for the price revision to happen, what is the general procedure like. 

 
Page 9 of 16 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Bothraji every financial year you have to you can give your price to the excise authority and 
then they give the approval of that price. So, coming April, we will try for a price increase in 
almost all the segments in almost all the states we are operating into, but we cannot exactly 
say what is the price increase which we are going to get, but definitely we are expecting a 
price increase because everybody has given not only us, all the industry players have given 
representation to the states that the price of raw material has increased substantially. So, the 
cost constraint that we think that we might get a price increase in most of the states, but to 
what tune we will get it is not clear yet, so from April onwards, we have to submit price in 
each and every state. So post April only we will come to know. 
Paras Bothra: 
Okay fine. So that's all from my side. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Muthu Kumar from Fidelity Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Muthu Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity sir. What is the integrated capex planned for the financial year 
2024? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So, basically the capex plan for the company has already been in place and as for the 24 like 
the major capex plan which was there is setting up an ethanol plant and setting up for 
bottling unit. So, total around 150 crore is the outflow for both these two. So, certain part of 
the capex which is already pending to be paid which might overflow in the next financial year. 
So, these are the two major projects which is coming for which the total outflow is around 
about 150 crore. 
Muthu Kumar: 
And any idea to have a footprint in untapped markets in states. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So, basically, as said earlier also that we are trying to enter other states other states also. So, 
we were hoping that we will be able to get a breakthrough like we have got in one or two 
states in terms of sale, but we have not been able to breakthrough those regions because of 
certain reasons, which already said earlier, but definitely we are trying to encash on the 
untapped market aggressively. 
Muthu Kumar: 
So where do you see margins that are in license brand or in contract manufacturing or in 
proprietary products. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So, basically the margins are much better in a proprietary brands obviously, because in 
licensed brand we have to pay a certain amount of royalty to the person who owns the 
brand. So, the margins get diluted there and in terms of job work, it's just a simple job work 
which we are doing. So, we just get a per case basis. So margin are better in our own brands 
and as said earlier during our earlier concalls also in terms of increase in the sale of our own 
proprietary brands, so company has been able to fulfill and is on track with the achievement 

 
Page 10 of 16 
of increase the sale of their own proprietary brands and our objective which was there earlier 
to consume as much ENA as we produced in house. So out of which we have been able to 
majorly achieve that. So that we can also see from the decline of the sale of ENA because ENA 
has gone more into manufacturing our own brands so we don't have any ENA left to sell, 
whatever ENA is balance we sell that. So companies always since last three four years have 
been trying to increase the sale of its own brands 
Muthu Kumar: 
Okay sir. Thank you sir. That is it sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Regarding this Mount Everest merger issue, what could be the impact on the shareholding of 
promoter and how the shareholding is going to change and what is the status you have 
confirmed sir I missed your point today. 
Ankit Agrawal:  
So, see we have got the approved so, the shock exchanges has given their NOC to the SEBI, 
now the proposal is pending with the SEBI and once we get the approval from the SEBI, we 
can go ahead with the NCL to process and all. So, we are expecting the SEBI NOC somewhere 
in first week of March. As far as the promoter shareholding is concerned post merger the 
shareholding of the promoter and the promoter group will be somewhere around 82%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
will be 82%. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Yeah 82%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And currently the shareholding is 58.45? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Yeah. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, there will be a significant increase in the promoter’s holding. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Yes, so, this is majorly the reverse merger because the other entity is 100% owned by the 
promoter groups you have proposed the ratio based on the valuation of independent value 
and based on that we are doing this so this revised shareholding is based on the swap ratio 
which we have confirmed earlier to the stakeholders. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just for the sake of repetition what's the swap ratio and what is the resultant capital? 
Tushar Bhandari: 
0.77 share of the new company 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, I didn't get you sir 

 
Page 11 of 16 
Tushar Bhandari: 
100 shares of the current associated alcohol for that the merged entity would be around 77 
shares. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, then going ahead in order to comply with the SEBI listing norms, we need to dilute our 
holdings from 82% to 75%. Correct. 
Tushar Bhandari: 
Definitely. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
So as per the SEBI norms, we will have a one-year time to comply with that and then based 
on the business requirement and all those things, we will look into it how that needs to be 
done. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But 7% equity dilution is there on card once this reverse merger is done. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
That will be clear 1 year down the line, I would say 1.5 years because five months will take for 
the merger process from the date of approval one year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the revenue part and the profitability part of the merged entity. Did you mention any 
figures that I missed that comment? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
We have already we have already uploaded the presentation and for the consolidated entity 
for the Q1.. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For Q1 or H1? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Q1. 
Saket Kapoor: 
For the nine months, we need the entity numbers of  Mount Everest, how has the 
performance been do you have the numbers in hand with you? So as revenue and EBITDA up 
for Mount Everest. 
Ankit Agrawal:  
So as mentioned in the call earlier, once we get the approval from the SEBI, we are able to 
disclose all the required numbers so we are just awaiting the approval from the SEBI because 
of some regulatory issues we cannot do that. So once we get approval from the SEBI, which is 
somewhere in the first week of March, we are expecting once we get that we will give all the 
numbers of Mount. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir as you mentioned very well that is going to be a EPS accretive or investor, but as these 
structure, the majority of the benefit is skewed towards the promoter because of that entity 
being 100% owned by the promoters so over the longer term minority shareholders may 
benefit out of it. But in the near term, immediate term, it is the promoter entities who are 
going to gain out of. This understanding is correct sir. 

 
Page 12 of 16 
Ankit Agrawal:  
No, no, it's not, so see the entire so I'll tell you, so the AABL or associated historically, it's a 
more a B2B company, if you see the 70% of our revenue come from the B2B operation and 
30% come from B2C operation whereas the other entity mount, which is it is 70% of revenue 
come from B2C and 30% come from B2B Now, you know, it says it is prudent or established 
fact that you know, any B2C company will always have upper hand because you have control 
over your end revenue you have control over your profit. So, historically we have tried AABL 
through increasing our proprietary products, but for whatever reason, we have not been able 
to do that the scale which we want. So, this merger will help the AABL products also to move 
from more B2B to B2C. So, this merger will help and change the DNA of the entire group 
entire consolidated entity from a B2B prospect to B2C. So, ultimately, this will benefit all the 
stakeholders who are involved in the process and the company management is always 
concerned about all the public shareholders and all the decisions are being taken based on 
that and this has been done with the proper valuation and independent valuer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, and lastly, then what is the current market share for Mount Everest that is a B2C? What 
is their current market share and what is the brand name if you could mention, which are 
under house in the Mount Everest breweries? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
The market share of Mount Everest breweries right now is almost 60% in Madhya Pradesh 
and they are expanding it to other states like Delhi, Chhattisgarh, UP, Assam and other states 
also like West Bengal and apart from that to name the few brands they have got beers in the 
category of Lemount, Mount 6000, Dabang and recently they have launched a premium 
brand by the name of Stok, which is on the premium and a Craft beer sector in that we 
provide lager, strong and weak beer and we are also into premium business which is a 
draught business so in that we provide fresh beers to all the pubs and all so we have direct 
connection to the customers in that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So this will be mainly beer company oriented company. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Yes definitely. One of the fastest growing beer company in the country. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so they have the entire revenue skewed towards the beer segment itself. Yeah only 
beer and out of our total portfolio, what is the beer contribution currently associated alcohol 
as of now, without the merger. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So alcohol we don't have beer. No, we don't have beer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
 So, this would be a new segment added all together and on a blended basis, going ahead sir 
how the proportion will look like revenue proportion going ahead. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So always will be 50-50%. Apart from that we have a complete conglomerate. So it will be the 
only company in the industry legit entity, which has both beer and IMFL in its portfolio so it 

 
Page 13 of 16 
becomes easier for the customers also. For customers it becomes a one-point shop for the 
purchase of any liquor product. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Now sir online sales for beer are also permitted. So these beer cans and all would be sold on 
through the online platform also. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So that is only a state subject in one or two states it has been permitted, but that's 
completely dependent on the state excise policies of that particular state. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Lastly, coming to the state excise parts that are in the IMIL business what constitutes the 
taxes part, total revenue, Indian made liquor sir, country liquor. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Country liquor the total revenue is around out of that excise duty portion is almost around 
four to five times of a price, but as revenue it's not there. Our revenue is post the excise parts 
generally we are functioning in the in the areas wherever you are functioning, the excise duty 
is not applicable, excise to the manufacturer, it's applicable to the retailer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, suppose the price of the product is 100 rupees how much what contributes the taxes part 
on a blended basis. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Geography wise, yeah, completely depends on state to state. 
Saket Kapoor: 
State to state. Okay. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Goa, it's quite less if we consider for example, if I give Madhya Pradesh for example so, if one 
product I give to the government at 100 rupees till the customer it reaches at 500 rupees. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And you have your presence in the state of West Bengal also. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
We are just starting it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So we are setting up our plant here or we will be only doing job workmen how are we what is 
our preparation here? 
Tushar Bhandari: 
So, as per our earlier conversation also in concall also we take every state as a step by step 
process. So, we are a zero debt company and we believe in taking conservative debt. So, 
instead of taking over a factory or buying over and doing a CAPEX, what we do is initial stages 
we are planning to supply it from our existing plant, which is Madhya Pradesh and after we 
see our traction and after we see a sales improvement in that particular state, we do a 
bottling tie up with some bottling license holder. So, they do job work for us and if we 
achieve a certain scale, and we see that post that instead of getting a job work done, it is 
viable to acquire or get a license for manufacturing, then so we look into that aspects. So it is 
a step by step process. So, for example, if we are starting in West Bengal right now, so right 

 
Page 14 of 16 
now, we will be supplying it from the Madhya Pradesh itself and after we achieve a certain 
level of volume, we will tie up and after we achieve a certain level of volume, we might look 
at acquisition or taking a license there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So here the taxes in part is higher than the state averages as you mentioned. For the state of 
West Bengal for the country liquor aspect are the taxes significantly higher than the other 
states put together. So we were seeing that 25% of the state's revenue in the form of 
taxation is from the alcohol business. So just wanted to make them that differentiation of the 
per taxes per case or per pouch if you could give. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
See in liquor industry every state had got thier own taxes and duties and its own policies. For 
example, in West Bengal the taxes and duties are I can say that are lesser than Madhya 
Pradesh, in Karnataka it is highest, in Goa is quite less negligible almost. So depends on state 
to state but as as you rightly said that excise constitutes of a major revenue contributor to 
each state's economy. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct sir and last is only bottling part, I think so, we mentioned in our presentation that 
contract manufacturing constitute at 2% for the b2b business. Sir that in your presentation, it 
is mentioned that your contract manufacturing constitute 2% so these 2% is what the bottling 
that we are doing for the port brands of companies like United Spirits. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
These are basically only contract manufacturing. These are the brands which we are doing for 
Diageo. So, we are doing the Black & White VAT 69 Smirnoff  Vodka then Black Dog all the 
brand made McDowell number one Antiquity, so we are just bottling manufacturer for that 
so, that constitute only 2% of our top line because that straight away comes to our top line 
because we are just getting a per kg basis per case basis revenue in that 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, that means that they have the formulation and we are doing the bottling, packaging 
and sending the finished product to them. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Sending over the finished product to them 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, and what are our prospects are in this segment going ahead, how are we going, it 
should be a very profitable segment with better visibility of revenue and? 
Tushar Bhandari:  
it is definitely profitable, but it does not contribute much to the top line and definitely 
contributes to the bottom line. But, we are seeing an increase in the contract manufacturing 
business as we are seeing an increase in a stronger partnership with Diageo. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir as we see your utilization levels reaching an optimum level and so, whatever now 
benefit with percolate to the bottom line will be only on the efficiency front.  
Tushar Bhandari:   
Efficiency and sale of premium brands. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sale of premium brands. So, going ahead what should be the realistic understanding in terms 
of the improvement in the margins and hence the bottom line, because top line part I think 
so, we are done even when now the new capacity when it comes up about I think today it's 
not one will also will take some more time to be commissioned. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So, again, the ethanol potion is just a commodity business. So it will not definitely give that 
attractive bottom line then as per the sale of our own brand. So, that is the whole strategy 
the whole strategy is to increase the sale of our own brand, introduce more premium brands, 
enter different states with the premium brands and take a higher margin of realization there 
and once the merger happens right on the brands of beer and take an increase in the sale. So, 
once the sale increases of the premium brands and our own brands, which gives us the 
maximum margin, the margin will increase substantially and plus taking a price increase. So 
for example, if the price increase of commodity would not happen substantially as which has 
happened in last one year, then we would have had a decent margin as compared to the 
earlier margins, we will be in line with the earlier margins. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
So adding Tusharji we want our Merchant ENA to move towards our own proprietary 
product. So that will add up to our revenue. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So that's how you would have seen that the sale of merchant ENA has reduced that is 
reduced because that amount of merchant ENA which is reduced has been consumed in our 
own value-added products. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. So the next question is from the line of the Darshit Vora from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshit Vora: 
I just actually missed it when you said the capex of 150 crores that will be for ethanol and 
something you said. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
So we are setting up a bottling state of the art bottling plant which as per the increase in the 
manufacturing contract manufacturing business we are seeing in future, the sale and the 
contract manufacturing business increase. So we are setting up a state-of-the-art bottling 
plant also for that there is an additional capex. 
Darshit Vora: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Carlene Iyengar, an individual 
investor, please go ahead. 
Carlene Iyengar: 
Post the merger of the two companies are we looking at a stock split of any kind because the 
liquidity not normally for your stock is quite low? 

 
Page 16 of 16 
Ankit Agrawal:  
That decision we will take post the merger happens and then we have to know as per SEBI 
regulation we have to dilute certain stake post that at that time, then we'll decide. As of now 
there is no such plans 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Tushar Bhandari:  
Thank you all for participating in this earning concall. I hope we were able to answer your 
question satisfactorily, and at the same time, offer insight into our business. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to us 
investor relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you stay safe and healthy. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Valorem Advisors that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
