 
 
February 16, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on February 09, 
2023 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 09, 2023, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2022.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company www.hcgoncology.com. 
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
SUNU 
MANUEL ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2023.02.16 
12:06:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 “Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited  
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. B.S. AJAIKUMAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GORE – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HEALTHCARE GLOBAL 
ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. SRINIVASA RAGHAVAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of Healthcare 
Global Enterprises Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, and 
it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Now I hand over the conference to Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar, Executive Chairman of Healthcare 
Global Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Thank you and good evening, and welcome, and a warm welcome to all present on the Q3 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference for Healthcare Global Enterprise. Today, I'm joined by Mr. Raj Gore, 
our Whole-time Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Srinivasa Raghavan, Chief Financial 
Officer, besides the few members of the senior management team to share our operation and 
financial highlights for the quarter ended December '22. HCG has been not only a cancer 
destination for critical services but also a destination in research and academic excellence.  
We have been being very successful in gaining our hub-and-spoke model across the country and 
I'm happy to report that we have made long strides in academics and research where we nearly 
have 150 students strength present spread across -- so we have been very successful in creating 
a hub-and-spoke model across the country, and I'm happy to report that we have made long 
strides in academics and research where we have nearly 150 students at present spread across 
various oncology programs in Bengaluru and nationwide.  
Recently, we have published the third edition of the dedicated journal named Precision 
Oncology, talking about the closing gap in cancer care, including 1 of the kind general called 
antimicrobial policy in cancer management with our own data, which will help to treat cancer 
patients with infections the right way for the first time in our own country. 
We have collaborated with Intuitive to augment the accessibility of new-age surgical technology 
and robotic-assisted surgery across India, including non-metro cities by now going in the 
installation of the fourth-generation da Vinci surgical robot US-based Intuitive in Vadodara, 
Mumbai, Kolkata to make this technology accessible to a wider population in the country to 
further yielding fruitful results with better clinical outcomes. Our Ahmedabad center, I'm proud 
to say, has completed 700 robotic surgery, GI and hepatobiliary thoracic oncology department 
completed 500 robotic surgery, possibly the highest type of surgery in the country as far as we 
know. 
In the academic and research, we are proud to announce that our doctors, Dr. Lohith Reddy and 
Dr. Krithika from Bangalore have been named in the prestigious National Cancer Institute of 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
USA. as working committee members in their immune division. This kind of recognition is 
taking HCG to newer higher levels globally. In clinical trials, we have been one of the few in 
the Phase 1 trials and several other investigator-initiated trials are also ongoing. There are many 
more studies in the pipeline go through a lot of iterations and the guidance of our solid ethics 
committee. 
We have taken a leadership role in genomics-driven tumor boards and profile complete 500 gene 
sequencing for over 1,500 patients, which is the largest in the country to the best of our 
knowledge. This has given insights into patient-centric approach, particularly for advanced and 
recurring tumors, not only from India, but from Africa and Middle East, making HCG a 
destination of cancer care. With a wealth of data emerging from cancer genome studies and data 
lake, which we have created, we feel this is just the beginning of our journey in the precision 
medicine trying to win the war on cancer, not only in early stage, but in advanced cases to convert 
cancer to chronic disease. 
I now hand over to Raj Gore to take you through the strategic initiatives and financial highlights. 
Over to you, Raj. 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Dr. Ajai. A very warm welcome to all the participants on the call. 4th February was 
the World Cancer Day, and this year's theme was Close the Care Gap. Being an oncology player, 
I would like to spend a couple of minutes on this important matter. The global burden of cancer 
is growing steadily. India is no exception to this trend. More people died due to cancer than 
COVID in last 3 years across the world. In 2020, there were 8 to 9 lakh deaths due to cancer in 
India, an estimated economic burden in terms of GDP losses is in the range of US $11 billion, 
that is 0.4% of national GDP in 2020. 
I would like to highlight four major gaps in India that we must address. First, awareness and 
prevention gap. While awareness levels about tobacco-related cancers is high in India, we still 
need to create awareness about other risk factors such as HPV, alcohol and obesity and drive 
implementation of prevention measures. Number two, screening and diagnosis gap. Only 1% or 
less than 1% of India's population is covered under screening programs for major cancer types, 
such as oral cancer, breast and cervical cancer, and more than 2/3 of cancer patients get 
diagnosed late at advanced stages of the disease. Number three, access to treatment gap. 
Population living in more than 70% districts in India do not have access to comprehensive cancer 
centers. 
Of the 480 comprehensive cancer care centers available in the country, about 40% are 
concentrated in metros and state capitals. We need to add another 570 comprehensive cancer 
care centers by 2030 to meet the demand. Fourth, outcome gap, challenge of growing incidences 
is further intensified due to suboptimal outcomes compared to global counterparts across all 
major cancer types, due to all other gaps. While these gaps and challenges seem daunting, 
together, we can change that by forging alliances, uniting our voices and taking action. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
HCG has been a pioneer and the leader in addressing all these gaps with our 21 comprehensive 
cancer centers, largest in India. With 2/3 of these centers in nonmetro locations, we have been 
making quality cancer care more accessible and affordable in India since our inception. We have 
not only provided latest technology and treatments available across the world, but also been able 
to deliver outcomes compared to leading institutions across the world at a fraction of cost as 
acknowledged in a Harvard Business case study. 
Coming back to the quarterly performance. We are very happy to report yet another strong 
financial performance for quarter ended December 2022. We have continued our streak of 
highest-ever revenue for the eighth quarter in a row and highest-ever EBITDA for 7 quarters in 
a row now. Our consolidated revenue for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 425 crores, growth of 19% 
year-on-year. Over the last few quarters, we have been regularly informing you about our efforts 
to drive growth on several fronts, like enhancing our clinical services portfolio, increasing our 
clinical bandwidth and our go-to-market initiatives to increase reach, online and offline, retail 
and institutional accounts, domestic and international funds. 
We are making encouraging progress on all these fronts, resulting in a steady growth in new 
patient registrations, higher utilizations across all modalities of treatments across metro and 
nonmetro markets. In our emerging geographies, our priority is to create scale and grow revenue 
with an objective to improve capacity utilization and create higher visibility for HCG. In this 
regard, the company continues to make operating investments in engaging quality clinicians and 
brand building. 
We have started implementing few modules of our digital platform across key functions of 
patient services, sales and marketing successfully. We have recorded highest-ever revenue in 
both digital and international business. On the margin front, we will be able to improve our 
margin from 17% in FY '22 to adjusted EBITDA margin of 19% in Q3. Our efforts during the 
last 12 months on pricing optimization and cost rationalization has started to yield and major 
benefit will flow in FY '24. We are confident of maintaining our leadership position in our 
mature markets and gaining market share and leadership position in our emerging geographies. 
With this, I hand over to our CFO, Srini, for financial highlights. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Thank you. Good evening to all of you. We have uploaded our Q3 FY '23 results and updated 
investor presentation on the stock exchanges and company's website, I do hope everybody had 
an opportunity to go through the same. We are delighted to share that we have been able to grow 
revenue ahead of the industry growth due to the trust and brand created for HCG. On the revenue 
front, our consolidated revenues for Q3 FY '23 stood at INR 424 crores as compared to INR 358 
crores in Q3 FY '22, a growth of 19%. Our revenues for 9 months FY '23 stood at INR 1,252 
crores, a growth of 21% year-over-year. Revenue split between HCG and Milann stood at 96% 
and 4%, respectively, for Q3 FY '23. Revenue growth for HCG stood at 20% year-on-year and 
for Milann, stood at negative 1% year-over-year. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
As mentioned on Slide 8, revenue for the matured centers stood at INR 306 crores, a growth of 
17% year-on-year basis for Q3 FY '23. Revenue from emerging centers stood at INR 101.5 
crores, a growth of 29% on a year-over-year basis for Q3 FY '23. We are delighted to state that 
our emerging centers are inching towards maturity and are seeing good traction across 
geographies. 
I now request your attention to Slide number nine, where we have disclosed our operational 
parameters across our matured network and emerging centers for FY '23. Our company-wide 
AOR stood at 65.7% and AOR for matured and emerging centers stood at 63.2% and 71.9%, 
respectively. Our ARPOB on company level stood at INR 37,014 and our ARPOB centers stood 
at INR 40,154 and for emerging centers stood at INR 30,057. 
Across geographies we have given our revenue breakup in Slide number 10. Rajkot grew by 
110%, revenue from Jaipur grew by 104% and Mumbai grew by 28%. And new center of 
excellence grew by 15% year-over-year for Q3 FY '23. Our Milann business is also doing well. 
Revenue stands at INR 16.8 crores in Q3 FY '23 and new registrations grew by 53%. On the 
EBITDA front, our consolidated reported EBITDA stood at INR 75.5 crores as compared to INR 
61.3 crores in Q3 FY '22, a growth of 22%. Reported EBITDA for 9 months FY '23 stood at 
INR 222 crores, a growth of 27% year-over-year. 
Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 FY '23, that is, after adjusting the onetime value creation costs and 
adjustment of ESOP expenses stood at INR 81 crores as compared to INR 63.6 crores in Q3 FY 
'23, a growth of 28%. Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 19.1% as compared to 18% in Q3 FY 
'22, a growth of 156 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA for 9 months FY '23 grew by 35.3% year-
over-year with margins of 19%, a growth in margins of 200 basis points. We have also given 
bifurcation of our EBITDA across matured and emerging centers, and I will request the 
participants to view Slide number 8 for further details. 
On PAT, we are delivering positive PAT for the last 4 quarters now. PAT for this quarter stood 
at INR 7.5 crores as compared to a loss of INR 0.3 crores in Q3 FY '22. 9-month FY '23 PAT 
stood at INR 20.9 crores as compared to a loss of INR 9 crores in 9 months FY '22 adjusted for 
onetime exceptional gains or losses in FY '22. Our PAT Pre Ind AS adjustments for Q3 FY '23 
stood at INR 11.3 crores as compared to INR 3.1 crores in Q3 FY '22. PAT for 9 months FY '23, 
pre-Ind AS adjusted stood at INR 31 crores as compared to a profit of INR 1.6 crores in 9 months 
FY '22. ROCE for matured network stood at 19.7% annualized for 9 months FY '23 as compared 
to 15.7% in FY '22, an improvement of 400 basis points. 
ROCE before corporate allocations for matured centers stood at 19.7% and ROCE for emerging 
centers stood at negative 5.3% annualized for 9 months in FY '23 as compared to a negative 
8.3% in full year FY '22. This is, again, an improvement of 300 basis points. ROCE before 
corporate allocations for emerging centers stood at negative 1.4%. Our net debt position, 
excluding capital leases as on 31st December stood at INR 212 crores as compared to INR 211 
crores as on 31st September 2022. Our expansion of the existing facilities in Ahmedabad-Phase 
II and Whitefield expansion of Bangalore COE is on track. Total planned capex for Ahmedabad 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
is INR 85 crores. The expected date of operations being Q1 FY '25 and for Bangalore COE is 
INR 25 crores, expected date of operation being Q4 FY '24. With this, I would now like to open 
the floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Couple of questions. First, ARPOB for this quarter is down. So any particular reason for this? 
Raj Gore: 
Kaustubh, Raj here. Look, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, in our emerging centers right 
now, we are going for volumes, we're going for scale. We're going for higher utilization of our 
capacity. It's reflected on a very good growth in Rajkot, Jaipur and across various emerging 
centers. That's the reason ARPOB is lower. But if -- I would like to draw your attention, this is 
still an improvement over the Q2. So as we've always stated, first, we will go for volumes, and 
then we will go to improve the quality of the business and go for ARPOB. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right. My second question is on the consultation fees. So this has been there for past 2 quarters. 
So till what time it will continue to reflect on your books because we are setting it as a onetime 
exchange so. 
Raj Gore: 
Correct. Correct. So this last quarter, Q4 of this financial year would be the last quarter. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay. Q4 of this financial year. And your bed, till last quarter, it was around 1,794 beds. This 
quarter, it has increased around 36 beds to 1,873 so any new -- I mean where this addition has 
been done, 36 beds? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So we have this operational more beds in Jaipur. These beds were always there. It's as an 
installed capacity, we're just operationalizing it. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Okay. And another question is on your fertility business part. So there, we have been seeing the 
revenues at around INR 16 crores to INR 17 crores. And even on registration side, what I'm 
struggling to understand is whether there would be improvement in terms of operational impact 
on the business or where the company wants to focus on that part of business? So any thought 
focus on that. 
Raj Gore: 
So look, I know that Q3 was flat. But if you look at year-on-year, we have about 9%-10% growth. 
Q3 could be just a matter of seasonality. There have been certain regulatory changes as well. So 
the whole industry is adjusting to new regulatory requirements. So we feel that going forward, 
it will continue to grow. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Presently, this government of India has got into regulatory act called ART. I think in the state of 
Karnataka it has been lifted probably in the month of March and April patients going to get 
engaged. So going forward and probably be Q1 of FY '23-'24 could see the big numbers growth 
on that respect. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So this is a temporary thing maybe by quarter one, things should improve for this business?, 
Q1FY’24 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Yes 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum Asset Management. 
Anil Sarin: 
So first of all, good job once again. I will start with a request that if you can postpone the call 
for the next day post declaration of results, that would give all of us time to go through the 
presentation in more detail, and we can ask better questions that way. So if you could consider 
that for next time, that would be great. 
Raj Gore: 
 
We'll take that into consideration 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
We will do next day because last time, there was some request we do it on the same day, there's 
conflicts context and all. We certainly will take your request and see how we can accommodate, 
okay? 
Anil Sarin: 
Sure, sure or at least giving a gap of a few hours, as you know, I mean, this is result season, a 
lot of results coming, but some time, the quality of questions would improve if we've had time 
to go through. 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
So a good point. Good point will take it. 
Anil Sarin: 
Sure. The question I had was that there has been a steady improvement on a sequential quarter 
basis for the last 7 or 8 quarters that I have been seeing this, this is perhaps the ninth quarter. So 
-- but on a sequential quarter basis, the EBITDA margin has not improved in any material 
fashion, unless I'm mistaken, if you can just throw some light on that because revenue has grown, 
but the EBITDA margin post adjusting for these onetime costs, I doubt if it has gone up, if I'm 
inaccurate, you can please point out. 
Raj Gore: 
So Anil, good question. So one reason is our onetime expenses in our value creation plan. The 
second reason is we are disproportionately investing in hiring clinical talent and building brand 
for our emerging centers to drive scale, to drive volumes across those centers. And we are seeing 
the results of those efforts in the revenue growth across emerging centers. So that's an upfront 
investment to ramp up the utilization going forward to take it to a next level. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Okay. Great. And so, post this coming quarter, that would be the last time when you will 
have this consultancy charges, unless you go for a new project. So next year, what kind of overall 
growth can one expect? And what kind of overall EBITDA margins can one expect including 
Milann, including all the constituent parts? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So, Anil, without the onetime expenses, we are about 19% in the last quarter, EBITDA 
margin. And we are confident maintaining our growth momentum going forward on a quarterly 
basis. We usually don't give forward-looking guidance on numbers. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwa from SMIFS Limited. 
Dhara Patwa: 
Sir I have 2 set of questions. So despite higher occupancy of 72% in the emerging centers and 
ARPOB of INR 30,000, which is flat on the sequential basis, still the EBITDA margins have not 
seen a decline to 7.5% as compared to the average of 10.5% in the previous 2 quarters. So is it 
the new normal should we expect it or going forward, it will increase to 10%, 12% or let's say, 
15%? So what should we assume for the emerging centers ? 
Raj Gore: 
So again, we don't give forward-looking guidance on numbers. But as I explained, a lot of our 
growth in emerging center is coming because we have higher clinical talent, we've increased our 
clinical bandwidth. We are investing disproportionately higher in our sales and marketing 
activities. As a result, we are seeing revenue growth. It's our upfront investment. The margins 
will follow. On question of ARPOB again, initially, we would go for scale. We would go for 
volume. Usually, the playbook in hospitals, is you fill the hospital first and then you optimize 
your mix, your payor mix, your -- and that will drive your realization all operating performance 
indicators going forward. So we are following the same playbook center by center in emerging 
geographies. 
Dhara Patwa: 
So should we expect at least a 10% plus margin for the emerging centers going forward? Like 
at least a direction like, it won't be below 7%, but it will be in the range of 10% or something? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
It will start moving towards our mature center bucket slowly. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred PMS. 
Aditya Khemka: 
First question, if you could help us with what is the current EBITDA margin we do, let's say, at 
our flagship facility in Bangalore? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
The EBITDA margin in Bangalore, you were talking about center of excellence, it's about post 
Ind AS is about 27% - 28% is our EBITDA margin. 
Aditya Khemka:  
And this number would not include any profit overhead right? This should just be unit economics 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
This can improve by a couple of basis points. But as you know, we are reaching the top in terms 
of the EBITDA margin for the center of excellence. Okay. 
Raj Gore: 
 
Correct. It's at a unit level Aditya. 
Aditya Khemka 
Yes, it's on a unit level, it does not include corporate overhead, right? 
Raj Gore: 
 
Yes. Right. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Okay. So therefore, my question is that I believe the endeavor of the company would be to move 
as many units as possible closer to the EBITDA margin that we do with our flagship facility 
over a period of time. Obviously, it can't happen as soon as we open the facility, it takes to ramp 
up and mature the facility to get to an EBITDA margin of 25% plus, which would also imply 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
that at the time when the majority of the capacity of your 1,800-odd beds, which is 1,500 or so 
1,800 beds actually become "mature". Then at a unit level ex corporate head, we should be at an 
EBITDA margin of 25% plus minus then the corporate overhead with, I don't know how much 
it is, but I'm guessing it to be around 5% to 8% of pay. So my question to you is, when do we 
see that happening? When do we see a lion's share of our beds, more than 80% of our beds 
maturing to a level of profitability that we do in our most flagship facility? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So Aditya, good analysis. Our model, our business model has been able to deliver a mid-
20s EBITDA margin in metro markets, nonmetro markets, when the center becomes mature. So 
we will drive the performance of individual units to get to that level. We are looking at about 2 
years span for the entire current base to move in that direction. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
So as you know, we are at  EBITDA without the onetime charge, we are at 19% already. This is 
including the corporate cost. So if you kind of take out the corporate cost at a unique level, we 
are already in the low 20s. For that to reach 25, it should be doable. And I think we are on track 
to, I can say, confidently. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So sir, at a unit economic level, are we already at 21% 22%? Is that what you mean by low 20s? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Yes, at our economics, we are already at 21%, 22% because our 19% includes the corporate cost. 
Aditya Khemka:  
Which is about 2% to 3% is what we're implying? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
Yes, yes. 
Aditya Khemka:  
Okay. Okay. So I get it. So this is not unreasonable. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I said, on a lighter, we can take your assessment of 5%, It is not 5% but I am saying on a light 
note 
Aditya Khemka: 
No that's awesome if you're doing it on a leaner organization, it's actually excellent, because I 
understand hospital business flagship facility would actually include a lot of corporate costs, this 
gets called out at the EBITDA, I get that. I get all that. So I understand that you're at 2% to 3% 
corporate cost so which means Dr. Ajai or Dr. Raj essentially, it means that it is not unreasonable 
for a shareholder today to believe that in the next 2 to 3 years, we will be 200 to 300 basis point 
expansion in EBITDA margin, am I right? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Yes. It's certainly not unreasonable and hope, though we can't guarantee, we can even better that 
that is what we will strive for. That is where a lot of effort is going on in terms of operational 
efficiency and doing. But if all the centers come to mature, and we have good efficiency as we 
are planning and our revenue growth is there with fixed cost remaining, and as you said, our 
corporate cost, we should be able to restart and hopefully even better that. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Aditya Khemka: 
That's awesome. That's very good to know. My second question is essentially on the cash flow. 
So I heard the net debt numbers. And correct me again if I wrong, this would be excluding lease 
liability. I think it is around INR 210 crores to INR 212 crores for the past 2 quarters, am I right? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
Yes. That's right. 
Aditya Khemka 
So where is the free cash flow? I mean, ideally, the net debt number should have gone down 
given that we have had a very profitable quarter -- what are we investing in? And this is coming 
off after your PAT, so obviously, your investment in manpower, center of excellence, R&D 
scientists, all that is the cash flow after those investments. So are we -- so where are we making 
those capital expenditures, which is not helping us reduce our net debt further. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Okay. Point number one, I think it’s largely flat as you see over the last couple of quarters. But 
having said that, we have invested in revenue-generating activities. For example, we have 
invested about close to INR 18 crores in solar in our Karnataka center That is giving us some 
savings in our electricity bill. We have also invested in a high-end equipment in our center of 
excellence which we talked about in the last quarter. And we are also investing in robotic 
surgery. So these are the places where we are investing and as I mentioned earlier, these are all 
revenue-generating capex, which will kind of give benefits to the business in the future quarters. 
Aditya Khemka: 
I understand that. So could you give me capital expenditure run-off for the 9 months this fiscal? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
About INR 96 crores is the capex for 9 months. INR 56 crores. 
Aditya Khemka: 
INR 96 crores okay, then it makes sense. I understand. My last question is on the technology 
side. So I think Dr. Ajai, would be the right person to respond. So this da Vinci robots, the first 
edition that you are acquiring. First of all, the acquisition of these robotic machineries, I'm 
assuming these are on lease and not outright purchases? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Yes. We have cleared the first-of-a-kind model with them. It is not really a lease. It is our model 
of pay per use where I think first time da Vinci to best of our knowledge instantly where we 
have without any minimum guarantees making, there is a model where we share in our revenue 
and certain fixed amount, and we found that it's doable, and that is we can penetrate Tier 2, Tier 
3 cities apart from doing where we expect the volume to grow over the next year or 2. So this is 
the model we are trying it out with the new da Vinci 3 units basically 
Aditya Khemka: 
Understood. So we are using this da Vinci model -- so the da Vinci robots to my understanding 
for first benefit is obviously cosmetology because the arms are flexible and you can have better 
holes in the body of the patient than let's say laparoscopy. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
The da Vinci came about 2 decades ago because of the precision surgery. We talked about 
precision variation, targeted, but surgery was always not precise, extensive surgery was done. 
With the da Vinci unit, what happens if you get that microscopic look and we use the da Vinci 
handles to really do precision where the normal tissue is not hit. The normal issue doesn't suffer 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
and it is precise excision of the tumor or whatever your target is, thereby, the patients recovers 
fast, complications are less. So overall, as you said, the cosmetic scar also will be less. 
So based on all this, more and more da Vinci users have come compared to the time for neuro-
oncology first; for doing prostate was the first time it came. Now we are doing significant like I 
said in my opening remarks, we have done in Ahmedabad 1 of the highest renewal of esophagus 
using da Vinci. It's a remarkable feat because it is -- almost in 3 days, the patient can go on 
literally no pain and no complication. We used to have this leakages at the anastomotic side, we 
don't see all that. So it is a near perfect you can reach in terms of surgery and outcome will also 
be good, unless it hits on the normal tissue. 
And again that also, we are beginning to do without any scar imagine doing a head and neck 
surgery, overhead, where there is no scar and a good outcome. So we are also having signed up 
an agreement with the da Vinci where we will be doing not only training, but we, together, will 
create some innovative platforms. So that is what I personally as a doctor am looking at how 
will we innovate new techniques, new technologies. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Sorry, I have two more questions on this platform, Dr. Ajai. Firstly, how many clinicians are 
running doctor to surgeon? Do we have certified by da Vinci to operate and use the da Vinci 
system? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Today, in Bangalore, we have about 5 surgeons who are certified, and we are starting -- we have 
our own training program with da Vinci. In Ahmedabad, we have another 5 people, 4 to 5 people 
who play in the northern head and neck for GI. And we have others Doctors who's already 
waiting for da Vinci, and they are 2 or 3 trained in Mumbai were ready to do surgery now. So 
we have quite a few, and we intend to increase this number not only for HCG doctors, and we 
want to make sure even outside doctors can come and try precision so that essentially, the 
patients at large can benefit. That is what we are looking at, okay 
Aditya Khemka: 
That's enough from objective. Last question on the da Vinci platform. Intuitive also has this new 
system or this new sort of a diagnostic machine that helps in diagnosing lung cancer early or the 
smoking population. Any thoughts on that, Dr. Ajai, have you explored that option with 
Intuitive? 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
No, we have not explored that. We will certainly look into that and explore. We have explored 
this lower level of CT scan for smoking population. We are thinking of launching that on 
Sundays, where we can do lower CT scan, because this is a big trial, which was done in US years 
ago, very successful. So we have been working with the radiology group. We are bringing in 
possibly a new radiologist who's experienced in that. But da Vinci part, I have not explored. I 
will certainly look into this. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Yes, they call it the lung biopsy or something, I think. When I studied it, I found it really exciting. 
So maybe something 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I know what you're talking about, it's the robotics-guided lung biopsy, where there is very 
minimal intervention. But there are parallel units available. So certainly, we look at it, but they 
did make a -- come and make a presentation a few months ago. So we are evaluating what is 
suitable for our people here, okay? 
Aditya Khemka 
Makes a lot of sense. And more power to you guys to help our country and our society. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Reshab Sisodiya from Sameeksha Capital. 
Reshab Sisodiya: 
Sir, one question on the growth guidance that we have. So given that you are reaching almost 
70% occupancies now, and our new bed capacity that you mentioned is coming up by the end 
of FY '24. So how confident are you for the growth momentum for the company? And at the 
same time, where do we see our ARPOB growth going ahead for both the centers, emerging as 
well as matured? 
Raj Gore: 
The occupancy numbers we reports are on operational beds. Not all the beds in some of the 
emerging centers have been operationalized. If we take this occupancy on an installed bed 
capacity, it becomes 56%. So we don't expect bed capacity being a constraint in our growth, 
especially since our chemo modalities is a day care modality, radiation doesn't require bed. It's 
only the surgical patients who require largely overnight admission on inpatient beds. So we don't 
see bed being a constraint for us going forward in terms of driving growth. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I just want to add what Raj said is absolutely right. I just want to say, in oncology, historically, 
it has been more and more outpatient and less hospital say, as you look at the ALRs, it tends to 
come down as we move forward year-on-year. So that is the reason the bed is not the way we 
feel to measure the growth. There are other parameters we should take into consideration to look 
at the growth. 
Reshab Sisodiya: 
Okay. Sir, that's helpful. Sir, on the Mumbai center. So the current growth given as compared to 
other centers like Jaipur, Rajkot, they have very high growth. So why is the Mumbai center 
having a bit of low growth even when we acquired new assets recently? 
Raj Gore: 
So I think the Mumbai growth looks subdued because last year, we had a significant vaccination 
revenue in our Mumbai center. These were the emerging centers, COVID came, we couldn't go 
out and build brand HCG among the communities that we serve. Vaccination was a good 
opportunity to respond to nation's call as well as reaching now to the community to build our 
brand. So we do that very well. If you adjust that, this growth will look better. The other part is 
in Mumbai, we go for a better payor mix compared to Rajkot and Jaipur. So it's more cash TPA 
corporate driven growth rather than government-driven growth. So that's also another reason 
that this growth will be a better quality business growth yielding better ARPOB eventually and 
better margins. 
Reshab Sisodiya: 
Okay, sir. Just the last question. From an entire company, not just for the cancer part. So what 
would be the payer mix, if you could just break it down? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Raj Gore: 
So about almost 65-70 will be cash plus insurance. And then remaining will be government as 
well as corporate business. 
Reshab Sisodiya: 
Okay. So are we facing any repricing issues with insurance companies or with corporate? And 
do we see that any further repricing ahead that would help us in the ARPOB growth going ahead? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Reshab Sisodiya: 
I'm asking given that insurance in corporate parts, are we looking at increasing the rates with 
them and that could help our ARPOB next year, growth? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So usually, this comes for renewal every 2 years. So it will come up for renewal next year 
in some of the centers, it's a center-by-center thing. So after the contractual period, we go for a 
rate increase. In general, if you look at historically, we have a larger presence outside big cities, 
outside metro cities. Many of our new centers are in bigger cities relatively, 2 in Mumbai, in 
Kolkata, Nagpur, these are better markets. So as this share of the emerging centers grow as a 
share of total revenue, our ARPOB will automatically start growing to a higher level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Urmil Shah from Aegis Federal Life Insurance. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sir, my first question is, you mentioned a 56% occupancy on installed bed, that's at the company 
level or if you could split between mature and emerging centers? 
Raj Gore: 
 
So 56% on a total capacity. Yes. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure. So what would be the same number for mature and emerging centers? 
Raj Gore: 
So whatever you see on the slide as far as established and the adjustment is concerned, there -- 
I mean, there, we don't have any difference between operational and capacity beds. It's primarily 
the new centers where there is a difference of about 250 beds, where we have installed 250 less 
in our emerging centers. Thereby, if you take capacity utilization in terms of beds at emerging 
center, it is around the 56%. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure, sure. And from a medium-term perspective, up 65%, which is occupancy for the mature 
centers that's -- what should be doable -- of course, it will be depending on each center. But from 
a 3-5-year point of view, your current bed should be reaching that kind of occupancy? 
Raj Gore: 
 
Sorry, which is your question. Is it a bed question or -- 
Urmil Shah: 
So you mentioned that the occupancy level in your mature centers, it's similar for when 
calculated on operational beds or installed capacity. My question was as regards to emerging 
centers from a next 3 to 5-year point of view, they should also be getting to a 65% kind of 
occupancy level? And in your case, generally, at what kind of occupancy levels you would 
further need to add capacity in a particular center? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So we do expect emerging centers to start reaching to mature center occupancy. Usually 
around 75% when the occupancy is 75%, we start looking at how do we create capacity. So one 
of the things you must understand, as I mentioned earlier, that it's only surgical specialty, which 
largely uses overnight inpatient beds. That average length of sales going down with minimally 
invasive technique robotics. So what you -- what we've seen in our experience, what is 
happening is we are converting inpatients beds into daycare beds. On daycare base, we have 
ability to increase number of shifts in the same day. So for us, bed is not as much a concern as 
one would think in a multi-specialty environment. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure, sure. Sir, my second question was more on the emerging centers. So we've discussed about 
the margin performance over there. So what could be the drivers for getting the margins, if not 
to the mature center levels, but at least to mid-30s, what could be the drivers keeping into account 
the current ARPOBs and the AOR, which we are currently doing? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So Urmil, as we mentioned, right now, we've invested in clinical talent. We're bringing 
them out in our outreach markets. We're investing in branding and marketing sales activities, 
basically driving more new patients, driving utilization of different modalities, driving capacity 
utilization, driving revenue. That's the sure short way to improve margin in these centers. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure. And just to dissect on the AORs of emerging centers. Of course, this is an average. So 
does the emerging centers also have a few centers where the AOR would be 75% plus? 
Raj Gore: 
So yes, like for example, Jaipur, where we just mentioned earlier that we commissioned more 
beds because we were reaching higher occupancy. So yes, in that bucket, we do have a center, 
which is a higher capacity -- higher occupancy. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure. Sir so then in such centers like there are 2 centers, how different is the profitability as 
compared to the emerging center category as a whole? 
Raj Gore: 
So Jaipur in a span of year has gone to EBITDA margin of mid-20s post Ind AS. 
Urmil Shah: 
Sure, sure. Okay. Yes. Sir, my last point was on the free cash flow question, which was there. 
So this year, we are having the investments for new high-end equipment also in talent also on 
the consultant fees, which are there. Next year, if we look into -- we've already talked about the 
capex for the capacity addition. So adjusted for the one-timers and the investments which have 
gone in this year, would it be fair to assume that that's the bare minimum increase in free cash 
flow on NOPAT that should come in? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Yes. See, the way to look at it is we will have to look at our ratios, our debt-to-EBITDA ratios, 
which is at a very, very acceptable level as well as the overall business is concerned. So if you 
see, we are at about 2.3%, and we should be around that it would slightly come lower as soon in 
the future quarters. But having said that, the key point is there is some amount of capex, while 
there won't be any GPP costs next year, there will be some amount of capex towards maintenance  
capex growth oriented capex, both will be there in the future years as well. But the key point to 
note is this will not come out of any additional extra borrowing, we will be able to manage out 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
of our internal accruals, point number one. And number two, we will be able to maintain some 
of our key ratio at an acceptable level, which is accessible to the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sagar Shah from Phillip Capital. 
Sagar Shah: 
Yes. Actually, I just had one question. Actually, we were looking to open our 203-inpatient beds 
in the time to come. So can you specify your time that in which -- something like in 6 months 
or in 12 months or the next 18 months, are we going to open up the bid? And my second question 
was related to our growth drivers. For FY '24, what would be our key revenue drivers for the 
same? 
Raj Gore: 
So, Sagar, I mean, the answer to your first question will change from hospital to hospital. But as 
a total bucket, in next around 18 months, we'll have to deploy all our installed capacity, which 
is not operational as we operationalize it. In terms of revenue growth drivers, look, the growth 
drivers for next year will continue to be the same growth drivers that have entered this year also. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
And just to add on that the growth drivers, obviously, we are looking at the ones which are not 
mature. So those which are not mature center, we grow faster, obviously, than those who are 
nature that, that could be and also the technology we are investing and they like what our CFO 
said new technology we have brought, those will be also drivers for the future. 
Sagar Shah: 
So basically, you are saying the improvement in the utilization of the emerging hospitals, 
improvement in the volumes of new patient volumes in the emerging hospitals would be the 
same growth driver for the company in FY '24, right? 
B.S. Ajaikumar:  
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. Just on the part where you mentioned about having talent, et cetera. Will we be done with 
that this year or will this be a continuous process on the clinical talent side 
Raj Gore: 
Pallavi I don't think we'll ever stop adding clinical talent. In new centers, you will first make 
sure that your clinical services portfolio is complete. When those start growing, their bandwidth 
starts getting choke, you will add more clinicians under each as the program evolves we'll start 
creating vertical specialization, head and neck, breast, etcetera. So this is a continuous process. 
We'll continue to invest in talent going forward. 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
And just to add to that, for us, being a very specialty focused, as you know, the way oncology is 
growing is in multidisciplinary clinic tumor boards. But this, we definitely not only have they 
have training doctors and also have additional talent. And that is what we are doing, not only in 
big centers, but even in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. Our talent pool is increasing and definitely increased, 
and that will definitely add to our overall growth, and we have proven that again and again. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
My second question was on the ROCE. So ROCEs of the emerging centers, we're just seeing a 
small decline quarter-on-quarter is not material, but we are giving adjusted direction seems to -
-  
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
So, as Raj said, it is not material. And for the fee as Raj said, we have sort of invested more on 
operating expenses related to clinical talent, hiring and business promotion. This will start to -- 
into our higher revenues going forward however, it is temporary as you rightly said. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And sir, you mentioned about the mix of the government and corporate at 30, wouldn't that -- 
wouldn't the [Part of the question was not audible]. 
Raj Gore: 
So Pallavi, historically, our presence outside metro cities was larger, where we had a mass 
market strategy, low price, higher volumes with government schemes. Many of our emerging 
centers are in bigger cities. We have, for example, we have 2 in Mumbai, 1 in Kolkata. They 
will have a better payor mix, better ARPOB, better realization. So as share of emerging centers 
to the total revenue goes up, all these parameters will start improving going northward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take one last question from the line of 
Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Just 1 request was that you used to give an FY '22 a good breakup of ARPOB, EBITDA margins 
in occupancy on a region-wide basis. So it would be great if you could continue giving that in 
the presentation, if possible. So that was a request. And my first question relates to the 
international patients. How much of the business as a percentage of contribution was 
international patients? And what do we do to attract these patients? Are these all organically 
driven or are we hiring any agencies to attract these patients from international borders? And the 
second question is on the industry and on HCG that how is HCG different from a proton and 
other hospitals in the industry who also have a high-end oncology machines like CyberKnife 
and et cetera? And what risk do this industry in oncology face in terms of newer technologies 
being introduced in coming future? These are my 2 questions. 
Raj Gore: 
Naman, this is Raj here. Let me take the first part and Dr. Ajai will take the second part on the 
difference between different technologies. So 1, we'll take your suggestion into consideration 
about the breakup. Second, international business, look, we drive international business through 
all channels that are present to us. There are agencies, there are direct institutional tie-ups, there 
are tie ups with international insurance agencies and very direct business generation, which we 
do by taking our clinicians to these cities, to these markets.  
If we have information centers in this market, we have permanent team members in these 
markets. So it's a combination of both. For us, international business is doing really well. We 
had about 1.5 to 1.6x of our pre-COVID high numbers. In fact, last quarter was our highest ever. 
We are close to about 5% of total revenue in our international business. I'll request Dr. Ajai to 
take your question on Proton and…. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Yes. In terms of Proton, as you know, Proton has been around since 1970s, and it is mainly 
because efficiency and  precision and a lot of issues are in in the maintenance of Proton apart 
from the cost and other things. There is no exit and entry dose. But as the time has advanced, 
now we have some units which are better than Proton. In fact, HCG considered Proton a few 
years ago.  
And I myself being an oncologist and radiation oncologist, I was looking at it. But after careful 
evaluation and looking at the global usage of Proton why it is coming down, attending the 
conferences and all, primarily because alternatives had come. And 1 of the things we have 
installed in Bangalore of course, we have CyberKnife, which is precision medicine radio 
surgery, 1 in Bangalore, 1 in Mumbai, and doing extremely well in terms of physician and 
retreatment also can be done with literally very little exit dose. 
Now the advancement on this has been the Ethos, which is adaptive radiotherapy using the model 
of AI-based. And this has been a game changer for us. We have recently installed it. We have 
done a significant number of patients in the 3 months. And what we are seeing in our impact, I 
am involved in partially in the research with Dr. Lohith and Krithika. What we have seen is, as 
the tumor changes, day to day, we can make the change in the tumor lithography and also change 
the treatment. And we are also studying what is the exact dose required. So this is a study in 
progress called radiosensitivity index. So with this kind of major developments, technology 
obviously becomes very important. 
Added to that, we are looking at how do we connect genomics to technology, where certain 
tumors respond well, certain tumors do not respond. Why? What is the genomic story behind it? 
So we can decide on the proper dosing of not only radiation, but also targeted therapy, 
immunotherapy, everything. Today, cancer treatment, as you may know, is multidisciplinary. 
And our outcomes based on this has been very good, very encouraging, not only in the early 
stages, but even in advanced stages. Today, lung cancer patient can live for even with advanced 
stages in to 8 to 10 years. A patient with breast cancer similarly can live for 8 to 10 years. 
So a lot of changes have taken place. Technology is going to complement. AI is going to 
complement the way we see it, and that is why in HCG, we have become really progressive on 
it. We are spending significant our money also and just to see how this can translate to precision 
patient therapy. You are absolutely right in terms of technology going to play a very big 
complementary role for doctors to see what should be the right treatment for the patient at the 
right time. I always believe first-time right treatment will give us the best prognosis. And this, 
obviously, technology, virtual tumor boards are going to be big factors in future along with AI, 
of course, as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Raj Gore for closing comments. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call, and all thosE your interest in HCG. Hope we've 
been able to address all your queries. We'll continue to keep you updated on a regular basis on 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
developments in HCG. For any further information, please get in touch with us or Strategic 
Growth Advisers, our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you once again and have a good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
