 
Birla Corporation Limited 
Corporate Office: 
1, Shakespeare Sarani, 
A.C. Market (2nd Floor), Kolkata 700 071 
P: 033 6603 3300-02 
F: +91 332288 4426 
E: Coordinator@birlacorp.com 
 
 
Registered Office: Birla Building, 9/1 R. N. Mukherjee Road, Kolkata-700001 | CIN: L01132WB1919PLC003334 | | www.birlacorporation.com| 
P: 033 6616 6745/6826; +91 33 2248 2872/7983 
 
15th May, 2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500335 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: BIRLACORPN 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of the investors/analyst conference call on the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st 
March, 2023___________________________________________________________________________________________  
  
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of 
the investors/analyst conference call held on 10th May, 2023 on the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023. 
 
A copy of the same will also be uploaded on the Company's website at www.birlacorporation.com.  
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,                                                                                    
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(MANOJ KUMAR MEHTA) 
Company Secretary & Legal Head  
 
Encl: As above 
 
MANOJ 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ MEHTA 
Date: 2023.05.15 
17:43:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Birla Corporation Limited 
4Q FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDIP GHOSE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA SARAOGI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH RAVI – HDFC SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Birla Corporation Q4 and Full Year FY 
‘23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi. Thank you, Darvin. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, we welcome 
you all to this Q4 and full year FY ‘23 earnings call of Birla Corporation hosted by us. From the 
management team, we have Mr. Sandip Ghose, MD & CEO and Mr. Aditya Saraogi, CFO, to 
discuss the theme. Thank you to the management for their time and I now hand over the call to 
the management team for their opening remarks, which will be followed up by Q&A session. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Thank you very much, Rajesh. This is Sandip Ghose and I have with me Mr. Aditya Saraogi, 
our CFO. First of all, thank you so much for joining the call. I find a very large number of 
participants, which kind of warms our heart and for you taking so much interest and taking the 
time out to be with us. We are also, for us, this is a maiden conference, so we are also very 
excited to be able to communicate with you, engage with you. Since this is our first call, probably 
I will devote a couple of minutes to introduce the group to you because sometimes there is a bit 
of, although all of you are from the investor community, you have a better idea, but still 
sometimes, I find the construct of a group or the image of a group is slightly hazy in the external 
world. 
We are part of the MP Birla Group. MP Birla Group was set up by Mr. Madhav Prasad Birla, 
who actually is not really known. He was the man, who had helped Mr. G D Birla set up many 
of his thriving industries from Hindalco to Saurashtra Chemical and many others. He was the 
man, who has assisted Mr. G D Birla, who is his uncle, to do that. But this particular company, 
Birla Corporation, our history goes back more than a hundred years. 
We are the first Indian jute mill, which still operates and is one of the largest players in the jute 
sector. But Mr. M P Birla diversified the jute business into a multi-product company. After he 
passed away, his wife, his partner Ms. Priyamvada Birla took reigns of the company and the 
progress apart from on the industrial front, where we have other group companies in the cables 
field, we have it in Guar gum and others, but we have a substantial presence in the social sector. 
Not many people know Bombay Hospital is something, we are associated with. The Belle Vue 
Clinic in Calcutta, which is one of the very well-known private nursing homes, are again part of 
our group. Similarly, we have the South Point School, which is part of the largest school in Asia 
as per the Guinness Book of Record in terms of number of students at a single campus. And it's 
one of the leading schools that's part of the group. We run educational institutions at other places. 
The iconic Birla Planetarium of Calcutta, again as MP Birla Planetarium, is part of a larger 
family. We have two major hospitals other than this, one in Chittor, which is a newer hospital, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
which came up, plus in Satna, which is one of the first hospitals, multi-specialty hospital, which 
is there. 
We have a fairly large presence also in the social sector. And that's why, we say, our group's 
value is heart and strength. Our strength would define our emphasis on technology and 
excellence, and whereas, the heart is the way, we go about it, the larger good rather than pure 
business needs. And that's how this whole new – I was in the company at that point in time. 
Some of you know, I was with Birla Corporation earlier, then I took a sabbatical for three years 
and now come back as the MD CEO. At that point in time, this heart and strength motto was 
developed. 
And we remain very close to it because that is the real ethos, which our promoters lived by. So, 
along with Mrs. Priyamvada Birla, Mr. Rajendra Singh Lodha, he was also part of evolution of 
the group. Mr. Lodha, again, is not known. He was not just associated with the M P Birla group, 
but he was associated with the larger Birla, at that point in time, the undivided Birla empire. He 
was one of the very close associates there.  
And he had a very long, what I might say, an emotional connect with the entire family and the 
group. So, he, therefore, took keen interest in the evolution of Birla Corporation, when it was 
under the stewardship of Mrs. Birla. And he led it to afterwards, till his untimely demise, when 
Mr. Harsh Lodha, his younger son, who is a brilliant chartered accountant, he took over charge 
of the company. And since then, he has been leading it. 
And a lot of you, who have been following the history of this group have seen that, how the 
group has been transformed under Mr. Lodha's leadership. The other very interesting thing about 
our group, if you see our board of directors, composition of board of directors, we have, in fact, 
a majority of independent directors on the board. And each of these people are of great standing 
and who are highly respected. So, to take a few names, we have Mr. D. N. Ghosh, who was a 
former chairman of SBI, a long banking experience, part of many company boards, Philips, 
Peerless, and many others. And he's there. 
Then we have Dr. Deepak Nayyar, a very well-known, renowned economist, former vice 
chancellor of Delhi University, Jawaharlal Nehru University, and also, at one point of time, the 
chief economic advisor during the period, when the Indian economy went through the first round 
of liberalization. We have Mr. Anand Bordia, absolutely a very renowned person, again, 
bureaucrat, who is from the IRS service, who is known and who's also been involved in many 
industries. We have Mrs. Sailaja Chandra, who was the health secretary of the Government of 
India, in very critical times, like when there was a Surat plague. And then she was the chief 
secretary of the Delhi government under Mrs. Sheila Dixit. So, we have a profile of people like 
them. We have Mr. Vikram Swarup, who is head of the Paharpur Group of companies. 
So, in fact, our board of directors have got more non-executive, independent directors than 
having either members of the promoter family or any related individuals. So, we are not only 
professionally managed, I think we have a very strong governance system, because all these 
people are of such impeccable credentials. They are very demanding as directors in terms of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
both performance as well as the compliances, governance, etc. But they also bring a huge 
experience bank to the table, which I personally can vouch for as, in my previous stint, as well 
as in the short stint after returning and taking charge of the MD & CEO, I have found extremely 
helpful and reassuring. 
So, that's in a broad sense, the background to the group now coming specifically to Birla 
Corporation as it stands now. I mentioned to you, we have a jute’s business, but that's not the 
real focus of your discussion or interest, I would think. But today, we are a 20 million ton 
company. Our capacity has actually doubled in the last six years, which many of you know has 
happened, primary trigger was the acquisition of the Reliance business, Reliance cement 
business, which we acquired initially with the Maihar cement plant, which is the integrated unit 
and the Kundanganj grinding unit. 
And what was significant was, as perhaps not known, we didn't get a business on the platter. 
When we took over the business, the capacity utilization of those plants was very low. And we 
were able to ramp it up not only to the, maximum capacity, both Kundanganj which, had a lot 
of incentives, part of being under the UP government, but also Maihar, which again, was an 
incentivized unit and modern plant, but we were able to take its capacity utilization very quickly, 
which to the almost maximum maxed it out, which something, which Reliance had not been able 
to do earlier.  
But what was, I think more creditable for us, a lot of people didn't think Birla Corporation, which 
was then a smaller company, usually dealing in the lower end of the market, the price points 
would be able to handle the brand, taking over a new brand, and positioning it at the premium 
end. We didn't have the luxury, at that point in time, unlike some other companies, which went 
through a taking over process. They had a two year kind of a period when they could use the 
brand of the old company which they had acquired. In case of Reliance, we had just about three 
months window, when we had to just change it to a Birla Corporation brand, and thus was born 
Perfect Plus, which is the brand. 
And very few people at that point in thought that we will be able to penetrate and position it at 
the higher end and not just in terms of the consumer, or the final product, but they didn't think 
that we will be able to attract the distribution system, we will be able to retain the sales force. 
They were used to working in a different environment at a different operating when we merged. 
I think that was the biggest success story over there. 
And therefore, today, when I look at it, I don't look at the success of the Reliance merger, in 
terms of just acquiring physical assets of production, the real value of acquisition, which has 
been unlocked, is by the assets which we created both in terms of the brand, and the distribution 
or go to market, a route to market, which you would say. But simultaneously, what we were able 
to do, which I personally take a great deal of satisfaction, if not pride, is the integration of the 
distribution system, and also the integration of the manufacturing units. 
Today, many companies, big companies are trying to do so called cross branding and other 
things, trying to produce from other people, but we did it way back in 2016, 2017, when there 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
was a seamless amalgamation of making products, both of the Reliance brand, as well as the old 
legacy or heritage brands, they call them a Birla Corporation being produced equally from any 
of the plants. And that was achieved by, it's not easily appreciated by the kind of, quality 
parameters we established so that end consumer, I come from a, FMCG background, most of 
my life is spent with in the soap manufacturing and soap and detergent manufacturing company 
in the Levers, where we buy a soap or a toothpaste, you never look at where it has been made. 
Unlike in the cement business, where people keep asking, which plant it has come from? Even 
for the bigger plants I remember people will ask, what this has come from Jamul or from 
Chaibasa or from some other place. And that used to be even in the case of ours, but today look 
at it. We supply products in the UP market from six different plants. And nobody ever needs to 
know or cares to know where it is coming from. We supply the UP market from Kundanganj, 
from Raebareli, from Satna, from Maihar, and on the other side, we bring it from the Chanderia 
as well. 
Okay, so we are supplying them from all sides, to all and not just in restricted areas, there is 
clear swapping from one area to the other. But nobody really bothers today. And that is where 
today when you go into the market out there, nobody will tell you that we are a Reliance 
distributor, or we are as earlier they would call themselves Satna cement distributor. Today, 
everybody is a MP Birla distributor. Earlier people didn't think that, some of the top end, so 
called, quote unquote, A category companies, dealers will come to us. Today we have people 
very happy to join us. A lot of people keep coming, knocking at our doors. And I think the 
ultimate test of the pudding is in the people. 
I recall even when I joined this company in 2015-16, a lot of people raised their eyebrows. But 
today, constantly we have people from the top companies, I don't want to take names, who are 
willing to come and join our group. So that shows the brand equity, the change which has 
happened. And why I'm emphasizing on this not to beat our drum. But because I think when 
investors talk about it, generally, we all talk about how many million ton capacity, what is the 
value of plants and the assets on the balance sheet. 
But we don't tend to look at the valuation of the brands, as well as the valuation, what I call the 
commercial assets. Commercial assets, I would term as your distribution network, logistics 
network, and most importantly, the people, because without a sales force, who is able to position 
themselves. A lot of people try to position themselves just by launching a new brand at a 
premium end and between people who are successful and not depends on their ability to 
penetrate that. I think that's where the strength comes. And why again, it's relevant is this from 
here arises my confidence of what we are trying to go and do in Mukutban, which I think is a 
great deal of interest for a lot of you, being a newcomer in a totally new geography, how are we 
going to penetrate that market. 
So that's kind of giving you a backdrop. And having come back, again, after a hiatus, after my 
sabbatical, I'm sometimes a bit amused to see from that when I was to be here earlier, four years 
ago, when we used to set out this, our quarterly press releases and bulletins, I started writing at 
that point in time, how much is the premium percentage in our portfolio. Today, I find that, not 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
only everybody is writing day before yesterday, two days back, I found a Money Control article 
saying that how cement players are today trying to premiumize their portfolio. 
So to some extent, we have been, I think, a little ahead of the curve in this matter. Because we 
today, our premium portfolio already, we are selling, we have reached 54% in what we call, the 
people may quibble as to what we call premium and what is the premium of other companies, if 
you would look at the so called earlier biggies, but that's not the point. What I would look at my 
premium, what was my modal price or the base price at which I was selling the cement earlier? 
And what is the premium which I'm commanding over that? And that is where, I think the point 
comes in, or when you look at blended cement, we come back to these points, we were at an 
85%, much, much earlier. 
When we had moved away practically, from OPC, except in very small markets, very small and 
non-trade as well, we had focused totally on trade sales, and that is a mix which still remains. 
We'll come back to it, how it has helped us even in the last quarter, despite prices remaining flat 
in the market, how we have been able to protect our realizations, and in fact, improve the 
realizations, despite a slight weakening in our key geographies, which is central India, we have 
been able to do. I think these strategies have paid off. And these are the strategies which we are 
trying to replicate in Mukutban. 
And we are already seeing results of that. One of that we had touched upon, much to the surprise 
of our own, lot of our people inside and outside, we hit EBITDA positive in Mukutban in March 
end, last fiscal. And that, I think, was ahead of many people's expectation. And if you look at 
the total investment, the financial investment, which has gone in, what I call not loss, but I'll 
treat it as an investment, we have been able to manage the outflow for Mukutban at lower than 
what was initially projected in our internal budgets. And that's again happened because of this 
similar kind of strategy, which we are focusing and you'll find those,  
I know some of you follow the market very closely, you've got a lot of links with the dealers, 
trades, and you've got your own market intelligence, you will find that our thrust even there is 
on the trade segment, and that too with Perfect Plus. And what is beginning to give us results 
today is that Perfect Plus has got established as at least it's our flagship premium brand, which 
today is positioned from a marketing language, if I call in the entire HSM geography, HSM 
stands for Hindi Speaking Markets, as they call it in media. 
In the Hindi speaking markets with being there, I am today able to leverage national media to 
promote Perfect Plus across all these relevant geographies, which is UP, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, 
Haryana, wherever our footprints exist, Rajasthan, and now going down to Madhya Pradesh as 
well. So that is the synergy which we have got. And that is part of a strategy, which I don't think 
is easily realized. And that's what differentiates us from many of our peers in the same league or 
in the same mid-cap or mid-size brands, which you've got the kind of synergies, the way our 
growth has come. Our growth has not come in disjointed manner that you are there present in 
one region in the east, and then you've got a pocket of presence right in the west. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Our growth has happened contiguously. So, if you see from Bengal, we are not present in 
Chhattisgarh of course, Odisha of course, but from Bengal, you can draw a line and take us all 
the way once to the west, and then if you come down towards Maharashtra, I'm digressing a bit. 
And the importance of that is, again, something which people haven't realized earlier, I'm 
underscoring. Some may not have realized, I shouldn't be presumptuous in saying.  
Today, people say, what will you do with your clinker in Mukutban? But one doesn't realize my 
clinker from Mukutban can reach Durgapur as cost-efficiently as we could do earlier from 
Maihar or Satna. And in the process, my Maihar and Satna clinker is getting released if I take 
excess clinker from Mukutban to Durgapur, my Maihar and Satna clinker is getting released for 
UP and Madhya Pradesh, which are my most profitable markets. 
So that is what's giving us, people when they ask me, how will you leverage if you don't have 
additional clinker capacity, where will you get your margins coming from? And that's the little 
bit of a clue you have that how we've been able to manage our results in the last quarter. It is by 
no sleight of hand, no accounting jugglery. It is these kind of adjustments which have allowed 
us to deliver the results which we have in the last quarter. 
Again, Mukutban does not restrict me to be selling only in Maharashtra. Surely, I'll sell in 
Maharashtra as much as I can. And as it becomes profitable, more viable, obviously, I'll 
maximize Maharashtra. But today, from Mukutban, I'm able to supply on a contribution positive 
basis to South Madhya Pradesh. And what's that doing for me is releasing South Madhya Pradesh 
capacity for me from Maihar, which I was selling earlier. And today, Mukutban can supply all 
the way to Khandwa. Even if I want to take it, I can take it all the way up to Jabalpur, etc. But I 
may or may not take it. But I'm able to supply Southern Maharashtra. I'm releasing that amount 
of clinker and volumes for me to go and sell in my core markets and protect my market shares 
there as well as my price point there. 
So, from Mukutban, I have been supplying South Madhya Pradesh. From Mukutban, I've been 
able to take material, now those of you who keep a tab in the market would know an area which 
was out of reach for me earlier, which was South Gujarat, which was not viable for me to sell 
from Chanderia, where I could take it. Today, Mukutban is giving me a reach there. Not to 
mention when Telangana becoming more, the price positions improving there, Telangana is my 
proximate market.  
So, some of these elements which are happening, I think that's together, it gives us a great deal 
of confidence going forward. I don't want to repeat to you what are the, the demand projections 
in the geographies where we are there. All of you know that much better than me. But it gives 
us confidence that even if the price situation remains static going forward, we are quite well 
placed in the coming year to realize our ambition. 
Having said so much, I will take a pause and pass on to my colleague and CFO, Mr. Aditya 
Saraogi, to give you some more, idea of the financials before we come back to taking questions. 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So, in the fourth quarter, we have posted an EBITDA per ton, 
including Mukutban of INR615 per ton, which is marginally lower than what we had done in 
the corresponding quarter previous year, which was INR650. So, there is a drop of about INR35 
odd. That's mainly on account of higher fuel costs, which to a large extent we were able to 
mitigate by higher realizations. On a sequential basis, our EBITDA per ton has grown by 
INR240. Now, that's a function of higher realization, which as Mr. Ghose explained, despite 
benign market conditions, we have been able to improve by better geo mix and higher blended 
cement and higher premium category of cement, as well as reduced costs. I now request the 
audience to come up with their questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you. First of all, thank you for hosting the call. I hope we will continue to doing calls 
after every quarter results. It would be a great opportunity to interact with the management. I 
have three broader questions. First, definitely on the Mukutban. In terms of the volume, it is also 
good to see that we have now turned EBITDA positive in the month of March. So, how much 
volume we have done in the fourth quarter and the FY ‘23? 
How we are looking at in the FY ‘24 and FY ‘25 in terms of increasing the utilization? At the 
same time, in terms of the profitability, now we have turned into EBITDA positive. How are we 
looking at FY ‘24 as a full year? Can we see the EBITDA per ton equal or maybe higher than 
the existing plans for the Mukutban? Also, in terms of the incentives for the Mukutban, what are 
the incentives? If you can quantify also how much we have booked in FY ‘23 and how we are 
looking at FY ‘24 and FY ‘25? 
Sandip Ghose: 
I would like to take the first part of the question and clarify certain things about the strategy of 
Mukutban before getting into the specific numbers of volumes and incentives, etc. Our first 
objective for Mukutban is not to ramp up just for the sake of ramping up but ramping up 
profitably. And when we talk of ramping up profitably, my first level is ramping up the clinker 
capacity. Because unless I run my plant in a continuous basis, my cost of production goes up. 
And that is why I hinted to you that Mukutban clinker, we would be using not just in Mukutban, 
maybe in other places as well, because that is what is going to give me better utilization of my 
clinker capacity. 
Now, thereafter, my trick in Mukutban is how my costs come down. One of the problems which 
we faced in the previous year was Maharashtra much to the contrary to expectation, prices in 
Maharashtra had not gone up. In that situation, if my costs were high, my ability to spread across 
in the market was difficult and some of the growth which was coming from the infrastructure 
segment, which are obviously into OPC and it is at a non-trade, at a lower level, I was 
uncompetitive there. But that is going to change dramatically, has already changed. That is what 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
has made us now today EBITDA positive, because my costs have started coming down. And as 
I utilize my plant better, my costs will further come down, increasing my competitiveness in the 
primary and the secondary market of Mukutban to increase my volumes. 
So, what is relevant is not really what we have done in the last quarter, but my kind of exit 
numbers. I exited month of March at about a 1,00,000 tons of cement from Mukutban and we 
want to exit next year at about 2,00,000 tons in terms of cement from Mukutban. And obviously, 
the average will be somewhere in between 150-160 would be the average through the year in 
terms of cement when you are talking about. But my clinker utilization correspondingly, we 
expect it to be much higher, because my ambitions in other zones are high, which will, allow me 
to take Mukutban clinker either through swapping, by which I swap close by and I use other 
clinker in my plants afar. Or as I told you today, if you look at the map before you from Nagpur 
to Durgapur is not that far as people think compared to Maihar to Durgapur, etc. 
So, there are options for me, I could be swapping Mukutban clinker, getting clinker in Durgapur 
from somewhere else, or otherwise to be using my therefore corresponding clinker utilization 
would be much higher than the 2,00,000 tons which I am talking about of cement when I am 
exiting the year. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes, that's a great thing. Just a second one on the broader costing in terms of reducing the overall 
cost, not only the, definitely Mukutban you have mentioned, sir, but as we mentioned in the 
press release in terms of the projects required and for lease. So, broadly, if you can highlight in 
terms of the raw material, logistics, power and fuel, so including the increasing the mining, the 
coal production, how we are in terms of and also if you can quantify in terms of the number 
broadly, how are we looking at in terms of reducing the cost in the next year FY ‘24 broadly? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
On account of these specific projects that we have undertaken on part of the management, we 
expect a saving of at least INR50 a ton. And coupled with that, the better realization in terms of 
better blended cement, higher volumes and higher premium cement, our overall profitability is 
definitely going to be much, much higher than what we have done in this year, which was an 
aberration because of Mukutban being the first year. Just to give you a sense, when we started 
Mukutban operation, our variable cost of cement was more than INR4,500 and when we exited 
in the month of March, it was less than INR2,800. So, you can now understand with that kind of 
a cost structure at the beginning, the more we sold, the more losses we would have incurred. So, 
we were deliberately not pushing the volumes. 
Now that our cost at Mukutban has become competitive, in fact, in the next financial year, it is 
going to come down to another INR300, INR400. So, with this cost competitiveness, we will 
now be in a position to ramp up our volumes. Coming to questions regarding incentives… 
Sandip Ghose: 
Just one minute. On the cost, please keep in mind two things. When you are talking specifically 
Mukutban, one is our incrementally or linear reduction of cost, which we are doing, but there 
are certain options available to us, I do not want to elaborate, which are also going to give us 
step change in cost reduction. It is to do with raw material and fuel, etc, which is going to come. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
We have already commissioned the WHRS. On the fuel and power side, there will be other 
things which are going to give us step change or a step reduction in cost over there. 
But similarly, nationally, if I were to take this thing, we are one of the companies which will be 
using a maximum percentage of our own coal because of our captive mines, which is going to 
go up further. We have got a lot of work to do on AFR, which is now picking up, so our 
percentage of AFR will go up. Also, our alternative energy, green energy that is the thing which 
will go up, so you will see much more improvement though Aditya is saying about INR50. We 
will not commit anything right now, but we expect our ambition is to do much better than that 
on the cost front. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Of course, that INR50 did not include the savings that we expect from the commissioning of the 
Bikram coal mines in the second half of this year. So, those are purely on the account of the 
improvement projects that we have considered at the operational front. Coming to incentive on 
Mukutban, one question was asked, so it is approximately INR600 per ton, but that will start 
getting reflected in our P&L only towards the middle of H2 of this financial year. So, the full 
effect of the incentive will really be seen in the result of the next financial year. 
Sandip Ghose: 
 
You might like to explain to them why? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, because currently, we are availing of the input tax credit, which got accrued on account of 
capital expenditure that we did. So, till such time that input tax credit gets consumed, we are not 
required to pay GST to the government. And since we are not paying any GST to the 
government, so there is no question of getting any refund of the GST. So, that situation of 
payment to GST will arise towards the middle of the second half of this current year. And that's 
when we will start accruing the incentives of say about INR600 per ton in our P&L account. 
Sandip Ghose: 
And just to give you a lead, so today when I am selling, I am that's why under no compulsion to 
sell everything in Maharashtra at incurring a high loss. I can restrict my Maharashtra sale instead 
of trying to spread thin and go beyond. I am able to sell Maharashtra in my proximate areas of 
Vidarbha and other markets, whereas I have the flexibility to sell the same quantity if I get a 
better realization, whether it's in MP in Gujarat or in Telangana. And once my incentives start 
kicking in, that's going to change the game. That's going to be a game changer as far as 
Maharashtra is concerned. And then I can really go all out. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
 
So, we have been able to achieve this EBITDA positive status without the incentives. 
Shravan Shah: 
 
Got it. Last part on the expansion and the date front… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We request you to please rejoin the queue if you have further questions. 
Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to address questions from 
all participants in the conference, please limit your questions to two per participant. You may 
rejoin the queue if you have further questions. The Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain 
from Credence Wealth. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers and also in terms of 
being positive on the Mukutban plant. Sir, two questions. One is with regard to the expansion, 
the roadmap ahead for our next phase of growth to enhance capacity to 25 million tons, which 
you have talked about in a couple of AGM interactions in the last two years. Both, and if you 
could share some details with regards to the clinker and the grinding capacity, which we are 
going to add, the location for the phase. Is there any inorganic expansion opportunity being 
explored? So, what I'm trying to understand is the expansion roadmap for the next two years, 
three years? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Two things you need to keep in mind. In terms of reality, there is a COVID situation which 
happened, which delayed a lot of plans, including our Mukutban expansion. There was no 
problem from our side, but in terms of the construction and everything, it went up. So, now our 
first objective would be to not only maximize capacity utilization, but as I said, make it maximize 
it in the most profitable way. So, you, this 25 million ton target remains, so does our 30 million 
tons going forward. All of that remains, but there may be a change in timing. 
In terms of sequencing, our next priority would be setting up the second line in Maihar, which 
we will look at and then start also putting the grinding capacities for that additional clinker, 
which is going to come in. And for that, we have got three or four options which are lined up, 
but we will go in terms of hierarchy and depending on how the market evolves. So, that is how 
it will go. But we have today enough, shall I say, I will not call it headroom, but I will call it 
elbow room to optimize our existing clinker availability more profitably and generate the cash 
flow, bring down our leveraging so that we are able to undertake the next expansion at a time of 
our choosing, depending on how the market is going. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. My second question is about the power and fuel cost. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, So, sir, with regards to the power and fuel cost and the inventories of coal and coke and 
coal and the pet coke, from the data available through the results, like last five years, except for 
FY ‘23, our average power and fuel per ton cost used to be around INR1,000 to INR1,100 range, 
which last year for the full year went up to INR1,500. 
And in the previous three quarters, we were averaging around INR1,600, but we have done 
exceptionally well in the fourth quarter when we have been able to bring this down to around 
INR1,290, INR1,300 per ton. So, how do we see this going further improvement with regards to 
the various initiatives on WHRS, captive power, our own coal coming in, the inventories which 
we have. So, if you could share some details or some light on the power and fuel cost going 
ahead? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
See, my own sense is that in the next financial year, our power and fuel cost should be lower by 
about at least INR250 a ton, if not more. On account of various initiatives that we are taking, 
whether it is waste heat recovery or our own starting of Bikram coal mines and even the solar 
power plant that we have set up. So, it should notch upto INR250. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So, Aditya sir, just to clarify, this INR250 you are talking from the amount, from the fourth 
quarter that is INR250 incremental from INR1,300 per ton? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
From INR1,500, there is a fourth quarter was INR1,500, no? 
Rahul Jain: 
Fourth quarter is around INR1,300 sir, power and fuel cost per ton. For the full year, it is 
INR1,500. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, from INR1,500, we are expecting a reduction of more than INR250 per ton. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Thank you so much. I'll come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Hi. Good afternoon and congratulations for hosting this call and thanks a lot for hosting it firstly. 
So, on Mukutban, you said that you have not sold much in Maharashtra. So, how are you placed 
on the distribution network there and when do you plan to build out the distribution network? 
That's the first question. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Don't get me wrong. I have not said we haven't sold much in Maharashtra. Obviously, when I 
am selling 1,00,000 tons, my majority will be in Maharashtra. But my distribution network, as 
you are saying, I would first concentrate, I have my seeding done much further, almost all the 
way up to Pune and on this side of Bombay, etc. But there is no point in my activating that 
network beyond a point until I am able to profitably supply those markets. 
So, when I am selling 1,00,000 tons, I would be selling at least 80% of that within Maharashtra 
even now. But I would focus in the more proximate markets of Vidarbha, Khandesh and I would 
consider right next to us the Telangana area, Nizamabad and all those things is also being 
proximate markets. Those is where I will concentrate first. Rather than push myself thin to go 
further down to Aurangabad, Pune and other places until I am profitable. 
But that is a dynamic situation. As Mr. Aditya Saraogi has said, the way my costs are dropping, 
it's a matter of every other day when you will find me expanding my footprint and for that I am 
ready. We have earlier shared with you numbers which I don't have handy as to how much, how 
many distributors and other people we have already appointed. Our sales teams are ready. But 
right now, I am focusing and concentrating, bringing my troops in too much more to operate in 
my proximate areas within 150 to 200 kilometers of my plant before I spread next to the 300 
kilometers or so range, 250 to 300 kilometers radius is what I will move after this. 
But at any point in time, you will find at least 80% of my volume from Mukutban, the cement 
volume will be sold in Maharashtra. And once the whole incentive kicks in, then as I said, the 
ballgame will change. And by then I suppose I will be on my third con-call with you and then 
we will give you a better picture. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure, just to understand this better, but you said that the incentives have not been accrued. So if 
you are already selling, won't some incentives accrued for the GST credit? 
Sandip Ghose: 
How it works is, first, before you start getting the incentive, all my GST which I have paid before 
and which is mainly on account of the plant that is lying to my credit. So first, that will get offset. 
And after that has got offset, only then I will start getting the incremental credit which will go 
into my bottom line. 
Amit Murarka: 
Ok, Understood. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
So actually, just to clarify, whatever GST we charge from the customer, so that is not required 
to be paid because we have got a credit lying in our books. So we use that credit to set up against 
the payment that is required to be made. And since we are not making any payment of GST, we 
are using our input tax credit which is lying with us. And that's why we are not making payment 
and since we are not making payment there is no question of claiming reimbursement from the 
government. Once we start making the payment, once we exhaust the full amount of input tax 
credit, that's the time when we will start making payment of GST to the government and then 
claim 100% of that GST from the government. I hope I am clear. 
Amit Murarka: 
Understood. What is the total quantum of the incentive in rupees crores? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
It is 100% of the project cost. So it will be around INR2,300 crores. And it is available for a 
period of 20 years and 100% of GST is available. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Got it and in the existing plants of Reliance, are there any existing left or they have all 
expired? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
No, we have incentives in our Kundanganj plant. 
Amit Murarka: 
And when does that expire? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
By the end of this financial year. 
Sandip Ghose: 
End of ‘24. I saw somewhere somebody saying that it is ‘23, it has expired. It has not expired. 
We still have at least a runway of one more year until other changes happen, which we will 
discuss at an appropriate time. But we still have a full year to go before Kundanganj gets 
exhausted. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure sir. This is the last question from me. On Kundanganj, there was a plan to add 1.2 million 
tons there. So what is the status on that? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
See, for your information, our rated capacity in Kundanganj was 2 million tons. So by internal 
optimization alone, we have been able to ramp it up to 2.7 million tons. And since we did not 
have visibility on clinker, that's the reason we did not make additional investment on the grinding 
unit immediately. So what we are going to do, as Mr. Ghose explained, we are going to align 
our next phase of setting of grinding unit with the Maihar line through expansion, so that we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
have got clinker to support the grinding units. So that is the manner in which we are going to 
expand our business. 
Amit Murarka: 
So you think the Chanderia debottlenecking, clinker debottlenecking, actually you didn't have 
the visibility on that one? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
No, That has already happened last year. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay, sir. I'll come back in the queue. 
Sandip Ghose: 
And you see, for the rest, not just answering your question, Chanderia clinker, if you see the 
overall clinker balancing in the northern region, there is enough demand for Chanderia, clinker 
to be used in its own native markets. The native market would be Rajasthan and going down 
south into Gujarat and also up in towards Haryana and Western UP. 
So there is not going to be excess clinker available to me from Chanderia to take into Kundanganj 
and that will not be the most economical way to do it. But whatever we are getting today is 2.7 
million. We will feed that. As I told you, getting a cushion from what we are getting from 
Mukutban and saving on some supplies, which we were doing earlier to Durgapur, we will be 
able to utilize Kundanganj much better this year, demand supporting. 
Amit Murarka: 
Thank you very much. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentleman we request you to please restrict your questions to 1 question per 
participant. The next question is from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, all said and done like, you have a high-trade cement 
share, blended cement, and I believe, based on your data, your premium cement would be highest 
in the industry. But despite that, your margins are the lowest in the industry, if I compare with 
your peers. So why is it the case, despite the fact that, there was so much of harping being made 
on the part of blended, premium cement, every aspect of the cement production? 
And secondly, sir, our growth in the month of April has been hardly around 4% to 5% in terms 
of sales volume, despite the fact that, the industry has grown at 15%odd and we had a benefit of 
the capacity addition at Mukutban. Why we have not been able to ramp up the volume? 
Sandip Ghose: 
First of all, I don't know, where you have got the figures of April from because we don't have 
that data to show that industry has grown by 15% and we have grown far lower than industry. I 
don't know the validity of that. So I will not be able to comment on that point. There is very little 
ramping up, which we need to do because our mother units, if I were to call them, leaving 
Mukutban, they are all operating some at even higher than 100% capacity. So, where is the 
ramping up opportunity, you are seeing? I am missing that point too. 
Yes, our margins to some extent are curtailed, especially certain plants of ours. The cost is 
higher. Like you know my cost of limestone in Chanderia is higher. My Satna plant is an older 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
plant. So the costs are higher. Mukutban, we have already told you, we are in the process of 
pairing. So it is not a question of, we are not harping on anything. We are just stating facts before 
you. The facts to be verified in terms of our numbers of, how much of each brand we sell and 
what is the price, we sell and what is, I am sure your market checks in and dealer connects will 
tell you, what is our price points in the market. 
So there is no question of either harping or making claims, which do not stand. Those are based 
entirely on facts and facts, which can be, as I said, validated. So I really do not know where you 
are coming from in that point. Costs are an issue and costs and there will be various factors. If 
somebody is selling right next door and if he has got a 4.5 million tons capacity and he is selling 
right next door to the plant and when I have got a 20 million tons capacity, my lead would be 
higher. I am bringing sometimes clinkers from Chanderia into the center, somewhere I am 
sending from, my cost would be higher. If I had a one million ton capacity and I sold within 100 
kilometers of my plant, I would obviously have much higher margins. 
So I do not know, whom you are comparing as peer group. Peer group comparisons have to be 
done on a like-to-like basis, not because somebody has a plant right next door to me. But in 
terms of, similarly on the reverse side, if you are looking at Mukutban, my neighbors, there are 
big plants, older plants, which have got their captive, right next to the coal blocks. So their power 
costs are lower. Obviously, their costs would be very different and their mining costs are lower. 
So that will be different. We have to see each element. But assume that, I did not have any of 
these premium volumes, which has been created over the last six years, seven years, what would 
have been my profitability compared to anybody else? 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar Sir and thank you for the opportunity and we look forward for the continuity of the 
con calls going ahead also. Ghose sir, as you were mentioning that, about the actual numbers in 
terms of volume, but at least you could give us some color, since this is the peak season for the 
cement, what are the pillars on the ground currently, in terms of the, what the exited March and 
how the situation is currently in terms of the offtake, especially from the government projection 
also, both from the trade and the non-trade segment? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Saket, you have been in the trade, you have been observing the trade much longer than I probably 
have been, though you are much younger than me. April is not the yardstick for the season and 
April is not really when the thing starts and when you have one company selling 100 million 
tons in March end to completing that, what is the impact it has, on the market and while others 
are also not giving. So I don't know again where the figures of 15% growth in April comes. You 
live in Kolkata, you know, what the situation in the Bengal market today is. You know, the 
pricing situation in the Bengal and the Eastern markets and the conditions of the rains, which 
are untimely rains, which have happened in certain other parts of the country, all these are factors 
which are there. 
But once, as I think our overall projection as most analysts have given, most of the firms like  
CRISIL and others have given, one expects the healthy growth in volumes this year. None of us 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
are optimistic about huge price jumps, as has been seen and some of you have reported. Attempts 
at price increase have not gone through or reverse/rollback and that is also due to certain industry 
dynamics, which are going on right now, which I can't spell out. All of you are aware of what is 
happening between some big players, each one having trying to secure their position. 
So we are, our strategy is based on that prices are not going to go up significantly. Volumes are 
going to move in a healthy manner unless there are any major dislocations, disruptions or hiccups 
going forward. And last bit, what you are talking about in terms of the government spending, 
yes, I think I have written, I have said before, I am very, very bullish on the India growth story 
and everybody is coming to recognize the investments that, have gone into infrastructure. Those 
are going to bear fruit. 
Like one has seen such things happening already in the western market like Gujarat. Gujarat you 
would have seen had gone through an exponential growth in the last year, which boosted up 
certain companies' profitability because with bullet train, with the expressway, everything and 
all the development, which is happening on the two sides of that, that had boosted up Gujarat. 
The same thing I expect to see in Maharashtra now and most importantly, with states like 
Madhya Pradesh, UP, both in the run-up to the 2024 election and in the run-up Madhya Pradesh 
and Rajasthan, run-up to the 2023 end elections. 
You will find government projects like Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana catching speed and that is 
a sweet spot, for a company like us, which operates primarily in what I call the rurban markets. 
The rurban, I mean rural and the small towns, that is tier 2, tier 3 towns kind of market, which 
are on the outskirts. 
That is, where our strengths lie and especially in the Hindi heartland, the HSM area of Madhya 
Pradesh, that is my core area of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh. So I am, fingers crossed, I am 
very optimistic about getting results there. UP is going great guns just now in all respects. 
Rajasthan should be doing well. Western MP is, as all of you know, Western MP, I am very well 
positioned. If you do some market checks, my Perfect Plus has established its position in the 
Indore and adjacent markets very well. So I am quite confident of that going. Keeping in mind, 
being very realistic about prices and not going to anything coming up on prices is going to be a 
bonus for me. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, small point on the EBITDA per ton, sir? We did INR615, that is taking into account good 
one also and now with the volume expansion coming towards from H2, what should be the 
ballpark number or what should be our endeavor going ahead, as a combined entity for the 
EBITDA per Ton numbers? What are we eyeing, say, if you could give some color to it in, what 
ballpark number we can do, going ahead? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
 
Our sense is, we are working with a number of INR850 per ton for the next year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
 
Okay, that is the average we are looking at? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
 
Yes, average. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
 
That is a significant jump. Including Mukutban… 
Sandip Ghose: 
 
Including Mukundban, including our incentives kicking in in the second half. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Just to give you a sense, our EBITDA per ton this year inclusive of Mukundban was around 
INR480 per ton. So from there, we are looking at a number of INR850 per ton for the next 
financial year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, and for the utilization level, sir, can you give some color, what kind of cement volume we 
are looking, the in-current cement volume, we are eyeing for the next year? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
We are looking at more than 15% growth in volume terms. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so on a base of 15.73 million, we are looking at? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
More than 15% growth in volume terms. 
Saket Kapoor: 
15% on a 15.73, which we have done for the year. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
More than 15% growth. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And lastly, on the jute part, sir, although it is a very… 
Moderator: 
Sorry, to interrupt we request you to please rejoin the queue. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, I will join the queue. And all the best to the team, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Bhadang from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay, and congratulations, sir, on a good set of results. Sir, very short and crisp couple of 
questions. Firstly is on the limestone availability. So do you think that any of our plants would 
face the scarcity? And second one is on our coal blocks. So I just wanted to have an update on 
the Bikram and Brahmapuri blocks when they would be operational? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
So on limestone, I can state that in each plant of ours, we are having at least 20 years of reserves. 
Now coming to the coal blocks, as I also already mentioned, Bikram we expect to start in the 
third quarter, October to be precise. And Marki-Barka, we expect to start in November of 2025. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
That percent of the total central requirement will be met. And if you can give some idea in terms 
of rupees per kg? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Once Bikram is fully operational, about 38% to 40% of our Kiln requirement will be met through 
captive sources. And once Marki Barka is also fully commissioned, about 60% of our total fuel 
requirement at kiln, will be met through captive coal blocks. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay, so just final rupees per kcal cost of the domestic coal compared to the current fuel cost –
the cost of the domestic coal in rupees per kcal term that you would incur at your kiln? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Domestic coal? 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Yes, sir. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Versus Bikram? 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
So the cost of that domestic coal on rupees per kcal basis, how much it would be compared to 
the current cost that you are incurring for all the rest of the plant on a rupees per kcal basis? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
So, domestic coal cost currently will be between, let's say, 1.55 to 1.7, 1.75 depending on the 
region. And what is the second part? And the pet coke prices will be slightly higher in the region 
of 1.9 to 2. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Hello, yes, my first question is on your guidance. So last year when we started hearing 
commentary on your media interviews, we understand there's a 15% growth guidance given for 
FY ‘23 for volumes versus what we had like 10%, 11%. So where did that come from? Whether 
it's from Mukutban or other central operations? Secondly, what is the target capex for FY ‘24, 
FY ‘25 of the full year? 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, the question was not very clear, but it's related on volume. As Mr. Ghose mentioned, we 
consciously cut down our ramp-up of volumes in Mukutban because the more we were selling, 
because of high cost, the more losses we were incurring. So our focus was really on the 
rationalization of cost and containing the losses rather than the mindless volume ramp-up. 
Sandip Ghose: 
If your question is where the 15% is going to come from, it is going to come from Mukutban, as 
I said earlier. Mukutban, we have exited at about 1,00,000 tons, we expect to exit at 2,00,000 
tons next year. We have got elbow room in Chanderia, where we are going to increase in 
Chanderia. We have got in Durgapur and we have got rationalization in central India. 
So it will be fairly well spread. Our objective would be to get a maximum growth in the profitable 
areas, which is our most profitable areas, which I would say, which is central India, where we 
would get it, but overall it will be fairly well spread across the region. So Mukutban itself will 
give us at least a bump of average 1,00,000 tons per month. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. It is great to interact with you and 
hear your views Sandip sir. So thanks again for hosting this call. Sir two quick questions. One 
is, you mentioned that for future growth, the next point, or like you may look at line two at 
Maihar. Now, given it takes roughly two years for the capacity to come on board or at least one 
and a half year at best to get that capacity on board, what would you say as the tipping point to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
kick start this project? Would it be a utilization of certain, like, that you have in mind that once 
that it hits, that you think you should go for line two, or is it going to be some comfort on the 
net debt to EBITDA front? What would exactly that be? 
And my second quick question in the interest of time is, what is the current status of incentives 
receivable? I think this is more for Aditya ji. So what's the status on current outstanding 
incentives, especially from West Bengal, because we recently saw some other cement company 
provisioning a loss on that particular front? So your views will be really helpful. Thank you so 
much. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Before coming on the incentive, I'll just take your point quickly. As for the clinkerization unit, 
there is both, the outlay is much larger as well as you rightly said the time. It all depends this is 
slightly fluid in today's world. We have to look at it from quarter to quarter. If markets improve, 
if my cash flows improve, I could be looking at a grinding unit in Eastern India, which I can still 
feed from Mukutban in terms of my additional clinker, and that might come up before I look at 
a Maihar line expansion. 
The Maihar line expansion, as soon as I go, that's as you said, it depends on my balance sheet, 
how much money I do. And if that is not happening, maybe I'll first go for Maihar. So these 
things will get greater clarity as we move along. But we are quite confident that, as I told you, 
our existing capacity to give the reasonable growth, both in top line and bottom line, we are 
well-placed. There are various levers available to us, including increasing the level of premium 
which we have got on our brands. I hinted about it to you that today my ability to more cost 
effectively invest on a brand like Perfect Plus has increased a great deal. 
So I would have opportunity to increase my margins, my premiums on those brands across the 
markets, expand this footprint, do other innovations. So those also will give me, so we are 
looking at both the top line and bottom line to meet the market expectations or street expectations 
to keep us going. And we will go in for the investment, we'll cut the coat according to the cloth 
available. I'll leave it to Aditya to respond on the incentives. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
Yes, specifically on West Bengal incentives, we also have some outstanding of INR140 crores 
odd. But recently, because we are not getting the money, we had approached/filed a petition 
before the High Court for recovery of the amount. And we are pleased to inform that sometime 
back, the High Court was pleased to direct the state government to pay us the incentives, which 
we still haven't got. So we have again gone to the High Court, against the state government, with 
a plea that the incentives be disbursed immediately. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes, correct. But the annual accrual is on the higher side and actual receipt is much lesser. Is 
that a correct understanding? Because last year also we had. 
Aditya Saraogi: 
See, actually, in this year, just to tell you, our receipt of incentives was about INR200 crores. 
And our accrual was also similar to that. And that was only because in Uttar Pradesh, there were 
certain procedural issues. So you will find that this year, receipt is going to outstrip the accrual 
to a large extent. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
Sandip Ghose: 
You have to segregate between West Bengal and the others. West Bengal is a very typical case. 
And in the old case, we are not accruing anything more in West Bengal. It's an old and frozen 
case. It is only a question of our being able to take the money out. And we have got comfort 
from the High Court ruling that, it should happen sooner than later, or sooner or later, it will 
happen. As far as Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh goes, we don't anticipate a problem. It's a 
timing issue. 
Last year, there were certain procedural delay has happened. But there is no mismatch between 
accrual and Madhya Pradesh in any case, there's no further accrual. That's over. Uttar Pradesh, 
that's happening. And as soon as they start releasing, we should be better off. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
 
Great, sir. Great. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Yes, thanks to everyone for participating in this call. Sir, would you want to make any closing 
comments before we conclude the call? 
Sandip Ghose: 
I would like to, only thing I missed, only thing I missed adding is we now, as we have said, our 
management E-team, we've got a new E-team, which are two very valuable additions. We have 
Rajat Prusty who has joined us from Adani or formerly ACC as the Chief Manufacturing Officer 
and Projects Officer. Mr. Prusty brings in a long experience in ACC, about 30 years of 
experience starting from the mines. He has worked in grinding units. He has worked in integrated 
units. And then, he worked in projects.  
And essentially, he has worked in, so he has long innings. And then he was in the combined 
ACC-Ambuja setup. He was the CMO of two large geographies. From there, he has joined. So, 
Mr. Prusty is a great addition and he has already brought in a new energy, into the manufacturing 
side, as you are seeing, as you yourself noted in the Project Shikhar initiative, which we have 
started. 
And we have got Mr. Kalidas Pramanik. Again, Kali has got a very, very interesting mix of 
experience. He spent 15 years in the cement industry, largely with ACC. From ACC, he went 
into an adjacent industry, which is fertilizer. He was the All India Head of Logistics and 
Marketing in Coromandel Fertilizer, one of the finest and best managed fertilizer companies. 
And from there, he has come to us.  
So, he brings the good blend of logistics and sales experience. And as you know, in cement, how 
important logistics is and that is where the next, what I say, the wave of innovations will happen. 
So, he will add value. And one of Kali's specialization, while he was in ACC, he was the man 
implementing, the wholesale price management in India. 
He also had launched the F2R, which was launched by Holcim against Concreto of Lafarge. He 
was the person who launched it there and he pioneered the wholesale price management. So, I 
expect Kali to bring in a lot of commercial insights and marketing insights in terms of increasing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Birla Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
both our price positioning and premium positioning here. And in addition to that, we have got 
some other additions in the team. 
We have a new head of IT, who has joined us from Penna Cement, Durgamadhab Mohanty. He 
was there. He would bring in probably a lot of changes in digitization, especially on the 
manufacturing side, where Penna had done a good work. And then, we have our younger team, 
Mr. Tamal Pal, who is heading our strategy. Tamal has been very instrumental in getting the 
new mining leases for captive coal mines, Bikram, Marki-Barka. These have been initiatives, 
which is been led by Tamal. 
We have strong CPD under Sanjeev Daga, which is now a centralized function. CPD is the 
procurement division centrally. Mr. Aditya Saraogi, of course, everyone of you know and 
interact with and we have with him Mr. Arun Agarwal, who is our CFO. He is an old hand. He 
knows everything about Birla Corporation. He has been here for over 20 years. They are working 
through various functions. So we have an extremely strong, young, dynamic team and that's why 
we have started on these initiatives, which you have seen called 4V. 4Vs, I will just spend a 
minute, and 4Vs and OKR. 
OKR, is the objective and key results. It is the methodology followed by companies like Google. 
It was started by Intel, Adobe, Microsoft and all of them and many other companies in India. 
The importance of OKR is, they realize that today's volatile environment and dynamic 
environment, you need to keep your end objective clear, your longer-term vision clear, but work 
in short time horizons of three months with very, very specific objectives with results, which 
will be visible, which will show you, where you are going.  
And we saw, the first impact of this, in our last quarter's performance and when we talk of 4Vs, 
we first talk of vision, which as I was telling you, is the long-term objective, but when the next 
vision is, we are saying values, we are moving to a culture of value creation. Value creation for 
all stakeholders, not just investors, everybody there. 
But the third is most important in today's context is velocity, which is the speed of action. Speed 
of action, we include the speed at which you correct your mistakes. Mistakes will happen, 
situation will change there and finally is the visibility because whatever we do has to be visible 
to stakeholders and to everybody to perceive that, the action is really happening rather than our 
talking in conference calls. Thank you very much and a great pleasure being with you all. Bye. 
Moderator, you can conclude the call now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
