entertainment network (India) limited  
 
Corporate Office: 14th Floor, Trade World, D-Wing, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg,  
Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013, India. Tel: 022 6753 6983. 
 
 
Registered Office: ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Matulya Centre, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West),  
Mumbai – 400 013, India. Tel: 022 6662 0600. Fax: 022 6661 5030.  E-mail: mehul.shah@timesgroup.com    www.enil.co.in  
Corporate Identity Number: L92140MH1999PLC120516 
 
 
February 8, 2023 
 
BSE Limited, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532700/ Symbol: ENIL 
Sub: Transcript of the investors’ call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investors’ Call / Earnings Conference 
Call– Q3FY2023, held on February 2, 2023. 
 
The same has been uploaded at: https://www.enil.co.in/financials-investorp-fy2023.php  
 
 
For Entertainment Network (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Mehul Shah 
EVP– Compliance & Company Secretary  
(FCS no- F5839) 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Mehul 
Rasiklal Shah
Digitally signed by 
Mehul Rasiklal Shah 
Date: 2023.02.08 
12:25:55 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Entertainment Network India Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NANDAN SRINATH – EXECUTIVE PRESIDENT –
ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY BALLABH – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE –ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. YATISH MEHRISHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RUNJHUN JAIN – EY INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Entertainment Network (India) Limited Q3 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
and zero, on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Runjhun Jain from EY Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, Runjhun. 
Runjhun Jain 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY '23 Earnings Call 
of Entertainment Network (India) Limited. To take you through the results and answer your 
questions today we have management team from the company, represented by Mr. Nandan 
Srinath, Executive President; Mr. Sanjay Ballabh, EVP, Finance. Mr. Yatish Mehrishi, CEO, is 
unable to join the call as he had a last-minute family emergency. 
The financial presentation has already been uploaded on the company's website. Should you 
need any further information, you can reach out to us at EY IR team, and we would be happy to 
send it over to you. 
Before we proceed with the call, a disclaimer. Please do note that anything said on this call 
during the course of introduction and in the documents which reflects the outlook towards the 
future, or which should be construed as a certain forward-looking statement, must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces and may not be updated from time to time. 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Nandan. Over to you, sir. 
Nandan Srinath: 
Good evening, everybody. On behalf of Entertainment Network (India) Limited, I welcome you 
all to our Q3 and 9M FY '23 earnings call, and a Happy New Year to each one of you.  
Today on this call, like it was explained just now by Runjhun, I'm representing Yatish Mehrishi, 
the incoming CEO of ENIL, who had to depart suddenly to attend to a family emergency. Yatish 
will introduce himself to you on the next quarterly earnings call. This is also an opportune time 
on behalf of the Chairman and Board of Directors of ENIL to acknowledge the contribution of 
Mr. Prashant Panday. Many of you are familiar with him. He is the former MD and CEO, and 
his contribution to Mirchi and to the company over the last two decades is appreciated and on 
record. Prashant stepped down from his position at the end of January 2023, two days ago. 
Moving on to the quarter gone by. The first narrative is that the entire media industry has faced 
very strong headwind during Q3, which is normally the festive quarter and that has impacted 
overall ad spends in the Indian economy. The global fear of recession and instances of high 
inflation facing the consumer have affected the mood of the advertisers and made the market 
slightly cautious. This has resulted in subdued advertising spends and a slowdown across all 
mediums, be it television, print or even digital. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Digital continues to grow. However, the growth in this quarter has been extremely muted relative 
to the previous quarter and to the quarter one year ago. Inside the radio industry, ad volumes 
have remained very muted, but our business has proved to be resilient once again and has not 
only shown decent growth but supported the overall radio industry. 
To give you that in perspective, the ad volumes of the radio industry grew by 0.5% in this quarter 
over the previous year. But if you exclude ENIL's performance, then the industry would have 
declined by 3.7% on volumes instead. So, we are the difference between -3.7% and +0.5% on 
ad volumes. 
If you see ENIL's numbers, we demonstrated a steady performance with standalone revenues 
growing by 17.6% to INR 116.3 crores. Moreover, radio volumes grew by 15.7%, and this is 
one of the highest volume growth reported in the radio industry. Being the market leader, we 
continue to grow higher than the industry, and our performance in volumes speaks about our 
leadership in this business. Due to this healthy volume growth, our capacity utilization also 
improved dramatically to 76.4% from 66.0% of the corresponding quarter last year. There has 
been an improvement across all verticals of our business. 
As you know, we look at our business in three vectors, which is radio, solutions and digital. So 
talking about the solutions business, we continue to grow at healthy levels. During this quarter, 
solutions grew at 44% to INR 31 crores, led by higher on-ground activities. 
On-ground activities, as you know, come at a cost, despite the higher salience of on-ground 
activities. We continue to deliver strong EBITDA margin of 41%, which is in line with our 
earlier commitments of maintaining strong margins in this segment. We believe these margins 
will stay sustainable in the future as well. 
Turning your attention to the digital segment of our business. Revenue for the quarter was INR 
7.9 crores, almost 10% of our radio revenues. We continue to focus on growing this and invested 
INR 6.1 crores during the quarter. These investments are strategic in nature, and we believe they 
are essential for the next leg of your company's growth. The digital piece is expected to grow 
faster than the company's average growth and our aspiration is that it will form a quarter of the 
company's revenues in a few years' time. 
EBITDA without digital for the quarter is at INR 32.5 crores translating to 28.4% EBITDA 
margin despite higher expenses in solutions business segment and the continued investments in 
the digital space. Being an upfront capex-heavy business, ENIL has strong leverage benefits in 
the due course, and this is what ultimately help us improve and maintain our EBITDA margins. 
Our standalone PAT, excluding the effect of digital investments, is now at par with pre-COVID 
levels.  
Coming to our international business. We have been rationalizing our operations and have been 
focusing on driving overall profitability. While we have closed our station in San Francisco, we 
are in talks with relevant authorities in Bahrain to re-negotiate our contract terms to make our 
operations more viable. Besides these two markets, we remain very confident of all our other 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
international businesses in New Jersey, Dallas, the UAE and Qatar, which are currently in the 
paths to growth and are independently profitable. Overall, we are encouraged by the fact that 
our international business reached breakeven during this quarter.  
Our balance sheet too remains strong. Our cash reserves were at INR 227 crores as of 31st of 
December 2022. 
In summary, ENIL has delivered well ahead of its peers across the radio, print and TV industry, 
in the third quarter. We are satisfied with the improved volume traction in our radio business 
and our solutions and digital businesses are tracking as per plan. And the company continues to 
invest in the digital arena to strengthen its future. 
With this, we conclude our commentary on the performance. And I thank you for joining in and 
listening to me patiently. We can now request the moderator to move towards the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari from Reliance General Insurance. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Could you just highlight about the operating expenditure, I mean, the kind of rise what we have 
seen, how much it could be like sustainable portion? And how do we see it plateauing from 
current levels? Because I believe, as you have seen that the utilization levels have moved up. 
But despite that, the operating leverage has not kicked in. So what is our time frame? When do 
we believe that this operating expenditures should come down as a percentage of revenue? 
Nandan Srinath: 
Actually, on operating expenditure, I just want to bring your perspective back a few years. In 
the same quarter in FY '20, which was the pre-COVID period, our expenditure was INR 81.9 
crores, so let's say, INR 82 crores. That dropped to INR 60.9 crores in FY '22 in the same quarter. 
And at that time, we had explained to you that while we made dramatic cuts. Over a period of 
time, half of the cuts that we've made will come back into the ecosystem. So our operating 
expenditure at this time is INR 70 crores, right? So from INR 82 crores in the corresponding 
period pre-COVID, we are down to INR 70 crores, roughly. So there is a very strong continued 
focus on reducing expenditure, in our business. 
The results that you're seeing currently and what you're referring to, is slight weakness in the 
radio volumes and marketplace itself. So we have, of course, performed very well on volumes. 
But our price traction is yet to emerge back. As we start to do well on both pricing and volumes, 
you will find that the float improves significantly. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
So I mean what could be our realization if you want to help out with the number? I mean, you 
used to say that per 10 second as a number, where are we standing right now? . 
Nandan Srinath: 
 On a per 10 second basis on 35 stations, we are at about INR 6,300 on per 10 stations on our 
premium stations, which are a 35-station network. And overall, for all frequencies, that number 
stands at INR 9,700. There has been a decline of 7% on that over the last year and that is partly 
the reason that you are seeing the float, the margin between cost and revenue being narrower. 
So we need to certainly grow our radio revenues far higher than where we are right now. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Yes. Because I think as a proportion, if we are not growing faster then, probably it may not shoot 
up because the solution business is relatively on a, I think it's a decent margin, right? The solution 
business? 
Nandan Srinath:  
Yes. I told you that the solutions business we delivered at 40.2%.  
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
So I mean, do we anticipate sort of a price hike and all? I mean, how is the environment looking, 
going forward? And probably what could be our aim to take a price hike as such in the near 
future?  
Nandan Srinath: 
No. See, in the near future, we don't expect anything much to change on the pricing aspect. Like 
I told you, the industry is very muted. And the fact that ENIL has gone out and taken a lion's 
share of the volume growth in the industry, means that there are certain compromises drawn on 
price. That situation we expect, and we are effectively being extremely nimble in terms of 
pricing. When the volume comes back to the industry, we will be able to grow prices back to 
this level. 
But till industry volumes stay under pressure, it is prudent to drop your prices to make sure at 
least you are picking up all of the volume that is available in the industry. I'm not saying that is 
going to be the case this year as well. But traditionally, it is when the season is on to us in the 
media industry then pricing tends to firm up a bit, which will typically happen in the August to 
October period of 2023, prior to the Diwali season setting in. 
This year, as you know, there is a lot of pressure expected in the media industry as a result of 
the Cricket World Cup also, simultaneously, happening at the same period. Two countervailing 
things will happen. One, a lot of the advertising revenue will move towards cricket, but that will 
also mean that there will be a lot of advertisers not able to afford cricket, and that spillover will 
fall into the radio industry quite significantly. So we do expect an opportunity to correct prices 
in the period leading up to Diwali of 2023. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
And just last question. If you can just give out some color towards how different sectors are 
performing for us in terms of advertising revenues? 
Nandan Srinath:  
You mean in terms of the verticals? 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Yes, verticals. Different categories of -- I mean, when you say how the real estate is doing, how 
the other categories and all that way. 
Nandan Srinath:  
See, it's a long list, but let me give you what's really significant... 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
What is working and what is not working, I think that should be better off. 
Nandan Srinath: 
Yes. The three sectors that account for almost 30%-31%, almost the third of the radio industry 
are automobile, FMCG and media and entertainment. All of these three sectors have grown fairly 
handsomely for the company in this quarter. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Automobile is up 43%, FMCG is up 4%, and media and entertainment is up 44%. So these are 
the bright spots. The places where there is a slight degree of tenderness is in the space, in the 
banking, financial, insurance space, which is negative by 15% and government, which is 
negative by 25%. And government, as you know, has been cycling negative for a while as well. 
Real estate is another important category, and that has also performed reasonably well for us, 
growing at 22%. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of with Sumit Rathi from Axis Securities. 
Sumit Rathi: 
Thank you for a decent set of numbers. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions. First, now after 
a long wait, now profit is there. And you said that without digital, the profit would have been 
around INR 10 crores at the PAT level. But it seems that the digital revenue is not picking up so 
well, given your commentary on digital side. 
So, are we in line with our expectations of making digital as a significant number of our overall 
revenue, like around 13% to 15% by FY '25? How are we doing over there? Otherwise, what is 
the backup plan, because it would keep hampering the profit, if it doesn't become a significant 
portion of our business? 
Nandan Srinath: 
Yes. It's a good question, and I think other people will also benefit, and I'm sure there are other 
people asking the same question. So the first thing that I need to explain to you is how we classify 
digital right now.  
Erstwhile, till now, the digital income of the company is built around a digital content strategy. 
To give you a very substantial example so that you understand. Let's say, there is a show that we 
did in the last quarter with Gauri Khan, who is Shahrukh Khan's wife and is a interior designer 
and so on. So we did a show with her, a video show with her, where she was doing home 
makeovers of various celebrities. This was entirely funded by ENIL. And our monetization came 
via advertisers' interest on this show. The show was mounted on YouTube because we are not a 
TV company. So we have mounted that show on YouTube and we made a reasonable profit on 
that show. This is typically what we classify as digital income because that show is produced 
entirely for digital consumption and mounted on digital platforms. 
The difference between that and where we are headed is our own platform. So the investments 
that we are making that I was talking to you earlier about the INR 6 crores odd that we have 
invested in the quarter and about the INR 25 crores to INR 30 crores that we invest per year in 
the digital ecosystem is to build our own platform rather than continuing to be reliant on 
YouTube and Facebook and Instagram and so on and so forth. So most companies tend to rely 
on these third-party websites and platforms. We are also attempting to build our own platform, 
which is called Mirchi Plus. 
Now as you know, in the digital ecosystem, the investments come first and there is always a lag 
in terms of when you find success. For us, what we are tracking right now is what is our monthly 
active user base, what is our daily active user base, how are we tracking on engagement, how 
much time are people spending on our platform, what is the cost of acquiring new customers. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
These are very standard digital end metrics that you would be familiar with. We are tracking 
those. 
And I think in the first or second quarter of the coming fiscal, we will open ourselves up to doing 
advertising sales directly on our platform. Today, we don't have the robustness of the numbers 
that allow us to make large amount of digital revenues on our platform. But that journey will 
start in the coming quarter. Remember, we launched our digital platform only on the 1st of July 
2022. So it is not very far away ago that we launched our platform. And within three or four 
quarters of that, we should start seeing monetizable effect of that platform. I hope that answers 
your question. 
Sumit Rathi: 
Yes, sir. So yes, that's good. So we can see the positive impact of our digital platform coming 
maybe probably Q2 FY '24 or quarter from afterwards from that…? 
Nandan Srinath: 
Yes, I don't want to  leave the impression that it's going to be fabulous starting the first or second 
quarter of next year. Digital revenues, typically, as you find success and as your numbers grow, 
they start to grow like a hockey stick. So this is patient capital. The difference between us and 
another startup is that we have the patient capital that we are deploying in building our own 
strength for the future as opposed to being under VC pressure and trying to pump up the numbers 
every quarter by spending a lot of money in marketing that gets wasted. 
So we are trying to grow organically, slowly. But in that journey, we will end up being far more 
financially prudent than if we were spending a lot of money acquiring customers and throwing 
freebies at potential users.  
Sumit Rathi: 
Makes sense, sir. And on the volume front in radio business, since we have done fantastically 
well as compared to the overall industry, are these volumes sustainable? How do we see for the 
volumes to be like in the coming few quarters? 
Nandan Srinath: 
I think the volume story will certainly play out in this coming quarter. I think the amount of 
consumer confidence that we are seeing and with the budget having passed yesterday, hoping to 
put more disposable income in the hands of the common man. That has to translate into better 
end consumer economic action in the country, which bodes very well for the advertising industry 
per se. 
So we do expect that many, many sectors, which have been slightly wary of advertising and 
generally expenditure in cost-cutting mode over the last quarter, things will certainly start to 
improve in the next two quarters' time. 
Now of course, I did start by telling you that we are facing the headwinds of the global recession 
as well as inflationary pressures in the consumer environment. We have been seeing that, but we 
believe that partly what the budget has done yesterday, should be able to change the inflection 
of that. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
As far as radio is concerned, I think there is still some headroom. We told you that our capacity 
utilization has gone to the mid-70% levels at this time. That still leaves a lot of headroom for us 
to navigate and to press the market for more volume. But we want to be careful and not let 
pricing slip too much in the search for volumes, but the headroom certainly exists. 
Sumit Rathi: 
And sir, just a bookkeeping question, standalone radio revenue was -- I might have missed on 
that number. You had given core solutions and digital product revenue. I might have missed on 
standalone radio revenue number for this quarter? 
Nandan Srinath:  
That is INR 83.6 crores. 
Sumit Rathi: 
 
INR 83.6 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
We have a follow-up question from Sumit Rathi from Axis Securities. 
Sumit Rathi: 
I thought I would squeeze one more. On solution business front, sir, since Q3 and Q4, we have 
the highest activity. So are we seeing a radiant activity for Q4 since we have already spent like 
one month in this fourth quarter? 
Nandan Srinath: 
So, see the solutions business does tend to be harder in Q4 than in Q3, partly. The one thing that 
we are seeing very noticeably is that sponsorship monies are very tight overall in the 
marketplace. Without naming names, I can tell you that the whole cricket brigade leading up to 
last night, which is the New Zealand series, prior to that, the Sri Lanka series and prior to that, 
the Bangladesh series have all attracted very poor ad volumes. And generally, cricket, as you 
know, is the big sellout sport in our country in terms of advertising. 
Sponsorship monies on some of the biggest TV properties, I will not name the channels and the 
properties, but some of the biggest TV properties sponsors have backed out. So sponsorship 
monies are tough. We expect that toughness to impact our business as well in Q4, but we are 
trying to find ways to ameliorate that situation, both in terms of radio volumes as well as trying 
to build more alternative packages and some affordable ideas for advertisers in this quarter. 
Sumit Rathi: 
And sir, this quarter, can this be considered as a new base since earlier last so many quarters 
were getting affected because of COVID or the aftermath of COVID. But we become fairly 
green this time. So this can be considered as a new base or something like, any commentary on 
that? 
Nandan Srinath: 
Well, this quarter of the previous year was un-impacted. So to that extent, we should consider 
that the base as well. I mean Q3 of FY '22 was a normal festive period. So like I said, actually, 
the fact that, let's say, if you leave ENIL out, the rest of the radio industry and television and 
print volumes being muted, it's testimony to that fact that the previous year's Q3 was actually 
quite a normal quarter. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
And recession and inflation worries have actually dampened the advertisers' enthusiasm in 
quarter 3 of FY '23. So I wouldn't call this the new base, I would call the previous year's Q3 as 
the base quarter on which ENIL has performed reasonably well. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Harsha Vardhan from Trustline PMS. 
Harsha Vardhan: 
And I apologize if my question is a bit repetitive, but I missed your opening comments on the 
revenue breakdown. I reheard that the FCT business is at about INR 83.6 crores. Could you 
please give me the breakdown for the other segments, please? 
Nandan Srinath: 
Yes. Sure. One moment. So INR 83.6 crores was our FCT business for radio inventory. INR 
30.6 crores was our non-FCT business, which comprises both solutions as well as digital. 
Harsha Vardhan: 
And do you have any further breakdown on the digital platform like what's the share of revenues 
from that is? 
Nandan Srinath: 
So, see the platform business right now is not monetized. Like I told you, we started the platform 
journey only in July. It is always a very slow pickup. It has been a cautious year for ENIL. So 
even though we are investing, we are being cautious in terms of burning marketing money and 
also reflected on that is that we are not chasing vanity metrics. And therefore, we are very 
cautious with our marketing money. 
In light of that, our growth on our platform business is steady. It is not slow, but it is steady. We 
have the patience to wait for organic growth. And with that organic growth, I believe, in quarter 
1 and quarter 2 of the coming fiscal, we will start to monetize the platform by serving advertising 
ourselves to consumers rather than relying on third-party platforms like YouTube, Facebook, 
Instagram and so on. 
Harsha Vardhan: 
And also this INR 30.6 crores, can you break that down furthering into solutions and digital? 
Nandan Srinath:  
I had said that digital is INR 7.9 crores. One moment... 
Harsha Vardhan: 
I can get the difference on that. And could you also give me the growth numbers from the same 
quarter year-on-year? 
Nandan Srinath: 
So one moment. I'm just referring back to my notes. So solutions overall, we grew by 44%. 
Harsha Vardhan:  
This is purely solutions, without the digital, right? 
Nandan Srinath:  
No. Total, on a consolidated basis. 
Harsha Vardhan: 
So I would like actually the breakdown between like purely solutions and just the digital? 
Nandan Srinath: 
The digital business has grown by 8%, roughly, and the solutions business is up by 44% overall. 
Harsha Vardhan:   
And okay, I have the numbers of the radio. 

 
 
Entertainment Network India Limited
 
February 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to management for closing 
remarks. 
Nandan Srinath: 
All right. Once again, I thank you all for attending this call. Like I told you, there are some 
changes on the management team side and Yatish Mehrishi, who is the CEO of the company, 
will be happy to address all of you in the next quarterly earnings meeting, which will be our full 
year closing meeting as well. Thank you for the attendance today. 
Sanjay Ballabh: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Entertainment Network (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
