 
 
May 03, 2023  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on April 28, 
2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter and year ended  
March 31, 2023, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2023.05.03 
13:18:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q4 FY2023 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: April 28, 2023 at 16:00 hrs   
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari – Head of Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Good Afternoon, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Kushal Maheshwari, Head 
of Investor Relations. And on behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the Company's Q4 and FY 2023 Earnings Webinar. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. 
Dinesh Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. Before we 
begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in 
today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer Slide #3 of the earnings presentation 
for the detailed disclaimer. Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Dinesh Agarwal for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
Dinesh. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Kushal. Good evening, everyone and welcome to 
IndiaMART's quarter four and FY 2023 earnings webinar. We have 
already circulated our earning presentation which is available on our 
website as well as stock exchanges website. I'm sure you would have gone 
through the same and I would be happy to take any questions afterwards. 
I'm pleased to report that IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated 
revenue from operations of Rs. 269 crores in the fourth quarter and Rs. 
985 crores in the full-year representing an year-on-year growth of 33% 
and 31% respectively. Collections from customers for the entire year 
grew from Rs. 934 crores to Rs. 1,219 crore on the consolidated basis. 
Deferred revenue as on 31st March 23 stood at Rs. 1,162 crore. This 
growth was primarily driven by increase in the average revenue per 
customers and the increase in the number of paying subscriber. In addition 
to this, the acquisition of the Accounting Software Services segment in 
the first quarter of the last financial year has further contributed to this 
growth. Continued growth momentum in the paying subscription 
suppliers is largely driven by recovery across industries and demand for 
digital transformation due to accelerated Internet adoption as well as our 
product market fit. Total traffic on the platform and resulting unique 
business inquiries remained stable at 252 million and 22 million 
respectively, 90 day repeat buyers also standing at approximately 53% 
represents the continued trust on the platform. On the people front, we 
continue to build the organization. During the last year, we have added 
almost 900 new employees, taking the total employee headcount to 4,583. 
Going forward, further increase in employee base over the next year will 
be in line with the growth in the number of customers at IndiaMART as 
well as other businesses. Before I would conclude, I would like to say that 
we are happy to close the financial year with good growth on almost all-
important metrics and we are optimistic about the next year and 
improving macroeconomic environment, increasing Internet adoption by 
businesses and our strengthening value proposition will support the 
growth momentum of IndiaMART. Now I will hand over the call to 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Brijesh to update about the accounting business, especially Busy Infotech. 
Thank you and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. Busy has delivered a billing of Rs. 17.7 
crores in Q4 and Rs. 54.6 crores in the entire FY '23. This represents a 
year-on-year growth of 16% and 19% respectively. The revenue from 
operations was Rs. 11.6 crores in Q4 and Rs. 43.3 crores in the entire FY 
'23, representing YoY growth of 9% and 22% respectively. The EBITDA 
for Q4 was at Rs. 0.7 crores at about 6% margin and for the entire year 
this was Rs. 10.3 crores with 24% margin. The net profit for the quarter 
was Rs. 1.4 crores and for the entire year it was Rs. 10.3 crores. Busy also 
generated positive cash flows from operations of about Rs. 6.2 crores in 
Q4 and about Rs. 20.6 crores during the entire year. As all of you are 
already aware, we had adopted Ind-AS post our acquisition of Busy and 
hence to facilitate comparison of FY '22 and FY '23 data, we have restated 
FY '22 data also as per Ind – AS in the year, the earlier numbers that you 
saw were reported based upon I-GAAP. So, during the quarter we also 
sold about 8,000 new licenses and therefore our total count of licenses 
sold is at about 3.31 lakhs at the end of March '23. The overall 
performance has been in line with our expectations and what we've 
communicated. We've met our goal of doubling the growth rate of the 
business in our first year of acquisition and we hope to continue to do 
better in this year. With this, I will hand over the call to Prateek, so that 
he can talk about the financial performance here. Thank you everyone and 
Prateek please. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Thank you, Brijesh and good evening, everyone. I will take you through 
the financial performance for the quarter and fiscal year ending March 
2023. Consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 269 crores in the 
fourth quarter and on a full-year basis Rs. 985 crores representing year-
on-year growth of 33% and 31% respectively. Deferred revenue for the 
year stands at Rs. 1,162 crores an increase of 28% year-on-year basis. As 
these numbers include Accounting Software segment which we acquired 
in this particular year on a like-to-like basis, standalone revenue from 
operations for the quarter were at Rs. 256 crores and for the year at Rs. 
939 crores, representing the year-on-year growth of 28% and 25% 
respectively and deferred revenue were at Rs. 1,134 crores representing a 
year-on-year growth of 25%. On a full-year basis, consolidated EBITDA 
was Rs. 268 crores, representing a margin of 27%, while net profit was 
Rs. 284 crores with a margin of 24% and cash flow from operations was 
Rs. 476 crores. As of March 31, 2023 cash and treasury balance stood at 
Rs. 2,335 crores. Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend 
of Rs. 20 per share for this fiscal year 2023 and further recommended a 
bonus issue of 1:1 that is one new share for every one existing share 
subject to the approvals from the shareholders. Thank you very much. We 
are now ready to take on questions. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Prateek. We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to 
ask a question to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera 
and microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in the 
chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two questions so that 
we may be able to address questions from all the participants. We will 
wait for a couple of seconds while the question queue assembles. 
Operator: First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. My two questions. So, the first 
one is on the collection. What we have seen is for the standalone business, 
the collection growth has been accelerating in the last three quarters and 
it's now 26% year-on-year. So just wanted to understand how to think 
about collections here. And I understand that fourth quarter has a lot of 
renewals. So could you please help us understand the way the renewals 
have moved from your top 1%, top 10% versus the overall customer base? 
So that's question number one. Second question is on the margins side, 
we saw that the margins are still getting hit because of investments. So I 
just wanted to understand how to think about margins as we head into FY 
'24? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Hi, thank you, Vivekanand. On the renewal side, as I've been guiding, we 
are probably about 90% of pre-COVID levels. And the good part is that 
Platinum renewals and Gold renewals continue to be very good. So Gold 
and Platinum renewals are, or the churn is less than 1% per month. 
However, between the Silver side, the renewals would be split between 
monthly and the annual. And while on the annual side we are running at 
about 30 odd percent, which is about 3% per month, and on the monthly 
side about 5% per month. So that's the typical journey of SME and we 
have seen that ever since the COVID has hit at the bottom of the pyramid, 
while there is higher adoption for Internet, the churn continues to be high. 
While as the people move up the value chain and learn about Internet and 
move to the Gold and Platinum subscriptions, the churn continues to 
actually be reduced. If you see our top 1% customers contribute about 
17% of the revenue, which is about 2,000 customers giving us about Rs. 
9 Lakh per year and top 10%, which is about 20,000 customers. This has 
moved to now Rs. 2,36,000. I remember very distinctly this number used 
to be Rs. 1,80,000 at around COVID time. So we have moved from Rs. 
1,80,000 to Rs. 2,36,000 in less than two years or two and a half years or 
so. Even if you remember the top 10% of the customer used to contribute 
around 40% of the revenue, which has gone up to the 45% and then 46% 
and then 47% despite the fact that last year we have had the highest 
number of customer additions at the bottom, we used to do about 22,000 
customers per annum if you see historically and last year, we have added 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
about 33,000 customers in the net customer addition. So I think if you 
look at overall basis, I think we are doing well. In terms of margin, 
Quarter 4 is always subdued because from the 1st of January, we do the 
annual reviews. So there's a sudden jump of 15% on the salary bill as well 
as since there is a higher collection, there's a higher incentive and higher 
expenses which go upfront. And that is why the margin is subdued. 
Otherwise, I think we will get back to that 28% margin soon. And then, 
as I have been guiding, we will try and target to reach 30% by the end of 
this year. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Thank you. Just one follow-up on the first answer. So Dinesh, on the 
renewals you said they are 90% of pre-COVID levels, is it 90% in 
Platinum and Gold or overall? I'm just trying to understand, how to look 
at the renewals. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Platinum and Gold I think it's all recovered well more or less same as pre-
COVID level. It is only the Silver customers where if you remember 
correctly, pre-COVID Silver annual and multi-year renewals, we had 
gone to the best ever level of about 24%. Now we are still at least 10% 
higher, 30%, 34%. Similarly, on the monthly side we had gone to best 
ever of about 5% or 4% monthly. Now that is again trending at 5%. So 
these are the two differences that you can see at the Silver level. On the 
Gold and Platinum, we are I think by and large best ever or near best ever. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Okay, last one on the renewals, top 1% disclosure that you've been doing 
for the last four quarters. So here we have seen that your top 1% ARPU 
has gone up from Rs. 790,000 to almost Rs. 880,000. So is this a result of 
price hikes or higher usage? How to think about this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We haven't done any major price hikes in the Platinum. What happens 
people buy more city category combinations and that is what is bringing 
this change. So people are probably using more city category 
combinations in the Platinum. And also, as I said, as people get to Gold 
and Platinum, they get more comfortable on how to spend money and how 
to. I think that is why you are seeing the top 1% ARPU on a quarter-on-
quarter basis is not an indication of any significant movement here or 
there. You should look at them more on a yearly basis. I would say on a 
three-year basis how things are trending. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Great. Thank you. I'll re-join the queue. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Vivek Anand. We'll take the next question. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead with your question, Anmol. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I had a couple of questions. 
Firstly, wanted to understand if you can highlight some -- so among our 
investing companies. It's been almost a year since we acquired them. So 
if you can help me understand that, how have IndiaMART helped them 
scale up by providing -- by cross selling them through our sales team or 
by providing them access to our supplier base? If you can help me 
understand that how that has happened? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: You will see in our related party disclosure; we are working closely now 
with Vyapar for almost 18 months or maybe two years now. Whereas with 
every new customer onboarded at IndiaMART, we give them an option 
of free trial of Vyapar for 6 months (which used to be one year earlier). 
And that helps Vyapar acquire a good number of customers every month. 
So that is one we definitely do. On the Busy side, I think we are still in 
the first year, I didn't want to touch too much in. And wanted Busy to be 
digested well. And now I think we will do some more possibilities of cross 
data selling and things like that. And on other businesses, Mobisy is the 
only bigger business where there is an enough size. Apart from that 
M1xchange, we have tried doing few things, not yet something good 
enough to be talked about. And all other businesses are very small. We 
haven't yet done any cross selling together. But we do a lot of mentoring 
to them through our Board meetings and through our monthly and 
quarterly interactions, as well as what kind of MIS do we maintain, what 
kind of Board meeting practices do we follow. Because these are early-
stage startups and they need to be nurtured and mentored properly. One 
more thing is on the MonotaRo industry buying side, I think we have 
started to do some experiment, but those are very early, and I think 
because they have started to advertise on IndiaMART, get some buy leads 
and RFQs, and then call their customer base and try to sell. We have also 
tried to do some deeper integration where their products could be visible 
on IndiaMART, but those are very early today. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Right. Thanks Dinesh. Just a follow-up on the same. So do we provide 
excess of our supplier database to these companies? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Our supplier database anyway is openly there on the website. All of our 
supplier database, it's an openly there on the website. And if we provide 
any service to anybody, it has to be completely on the arm's length basis, 
whether it is any kind of an advertising, whether it is any kind of email 
marketing or whether any kind of cross selling. So everything has to be 
on purely and purely arm's length basis. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Anmol Garg: 
And secondly from my side is that just wanted to understand if there has 
been any change in the duration of collections to revenue conversions? 
As earlier that we have highlighted that we have been moving more 
towards monthly customers. So from that perspective, has there been any 
change from collections how the collections are getting converted to 
revenue? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, Kushal, can you open that slide where there is the 81% deferred 
revenue. No change actually if you really see. I mean 64%, 63% but no 
change. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Okay, sure. I'll join back in the queue. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Swapnil from JM Financial. Hi, Swapnil, 
please go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So I had two or three questions. First on 
the traffic side. So for the last three, four quarters we have seen that the 
numbers have been kind of flattish. I understand that initially there was 
the impact of COVID, but now even in 4Q the things have not improved 
significantly. So do you think like, if the traffic trends do not improve, 
say in the next two, three quarters, there could be a challenge on the 
supplier side additions also? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Our supplier base was already Rs. 1.5 lakh before COVID. And then 
traffic jumped to almost a billion from Rs. 750 million. And we are 
currently on the same run rate Rs. 252 million per quarter. So the traffic 
has gone up by 33%. And it is only very recently that we have added some 
50,000suppliers. So I don't think -- and it's one follows the other, because 
traffic is coming, because there are enough suppliers and suppliers are 
coming because there are enough buyers. So now that we have added 
these 50-60,000 suppliers, I'm sure in times to come the traffic should 
further improve. Also, the relevancy of matchmaking has improved, is 
consistently improving, and that is reflected in our upsell towards Gold 
and Platinum, as well as improving renewals in the matchmaking also. So 
if you see unique buyer to the total inquiries. During the COVID we had 
almost opened it up, because we didn't have suppliers and we wanted 
every buyer to be served. But now we have done a lot of intelligence on 
the classification of buyer and classification of suppliers and products, 
how to do intelligent matchmaking. If you type words like Hindi, English 
mix or Hindi written in Roman or those things are also recognized. So I 
think our effectiveness is improving. So it is not the number of enquiries 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
that will drive. So I was expecting the traffic to be actually stabilizing, 
because if the entire traffic which went up because of the medicine 
demand and because of the safety products demand could have died down 
by now, and still the traffic is pretty much maintained so that is because 
of the supplier base addition. So I'm not worried in the short run. Yes, if 
the traffic does not increase even after a year or two, then yes, obviously 
we will need to worry about it. 
 
Swapnil: 
Right. Thanks for answering that in detail. The second question is on the 
supplier addition side. Now you have been guiding that we will add 
around 8,000 to 9,000 suppliers every quarter. My question is like 4Q is 
typically the best quarter for you guys and this quarter also you have 
added only 8,300 suppliers. Would you continue to stick to the guidance 
for the next year as well, or I mean, given that you did allude to the fact 
that the suppliers at the lower packages, the churn at that range is 
significantly higher even now. So just wanted to get your sense like, is 
that 8,000 to 9,000 additions per quarter maintainable in a scenario like 
this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, I think 8,000 definitely should be maintainable and because we are 
also expanding our footprint in terms of new acquisition, we had 
significantly reduced our footprint during the entire COVID time, 
whether it was our own people or whether it was the channel people. So 
all of that has been done in the past year or so. We continue to open new 
branches at new locations. So I think I would still try and see that anything 
upwards of 8,000 should be maintainable at least for this year. For next 
year, when the supplier base, the base of the supplier becomes 2,40,000 
or 2,50,000 then we’ll see how to address the overall churn, because the 
churn happens on the total supplier base. But I think this year we will try 
and maintain 8,000 plus for sure. 
 
Swapnil: 
Perfect. And just one last question on Busy integration. Now you did 
allude to the fact that the growth in the business has doubled. My question 
is more on the margin side, because last year your margins were skewed, 
because 1Q being at around 42%, if I’m not wrong. But rest of the year 
the margins were pretty lower than your company average. So how are 
we trying to bring in incremental growth and maybe cross sales and all? 
And secondly, what are our targets for margin improvement in Busy? It’s 
been more than 12 months so I think we should be fairly be able to have 
some visibility on that side? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, on the margin side I can guide you, because we have no targets on 
the margin side on the Busy. We have acquired this business by investing 
Rs. 500 crore and I think our guidance to the Busy management and 
Brijesh and everybody is that don’t lose money, but don’t worry about 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Rs. 5 crores versus Rs. 3 crores versus Rs. 7 crores. So I don’t think we 
should measure and over the next two, three years, as long as they are 
cash positive and continue to improve on product and improve on sales, 
margin side we should not be worried. On the sales side, Brijesh, can you 
help me? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So if you look at Swapnil one overall we have adopted in the last year, 
therefore, when you look at margins, et cetera, on a Q-on-Q basis, we're 
still in that phase where we are trying to grow the business. And the 
growth in the overall collections will result into growth in the revenues in 
the times to come. We have made investments behind people specifically. 
So our team cost, our customer support costs have all gone up. But we've 
also been able to see, we've been able to double the overall growth in the 
billings in this year alone. Going forward, we are confident of improving 
upon this growth rate even this year also. So our principal focus is on 
looking at those underpenetrated geographies where we are still not 
present significantly. We will continue to spend behind building our 
strength in sales and distribution across all of this. I'm sure that with more 
sales coming in, with higher growth rates being achieved on the billing 
side of it. We should really go ahead and be able to achieve our overall 
objectives of building up a valuable business behind which we invested 
this Rs. 500 crore.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Just to add, Brijesh, please highlight on this how we are going to be the 
first desktop company to have native mobile version. No other desktop 
accounting software has a native mobile version. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
In fact, as we talk about this, let me just also share with everyone a couple 
of things, which are beyond these numbers that we are able to see. In the 
last year itself, we have now become the only desktop-based accounting 
software company in India which has official mobile app that connects 
with your desktop accounting software. Now using this mobile app, you 
would be able to view data which is residing in your desktop online. You 
would also be able to look at different kinds of reports that are available 
and the users will also be able to now create quotations, sales orders, 
invoices and receipts in the mobile app, it will again sync back to the 
desktop. So this was launched in February '23 itself and we think this is 
going to become a significant driver of customers actually looking at 
Busy over the other competing products. Number two in this entire year, 
if you also see, we have now become the only company worldwide in fact 
in the accounting space which offers 24/7 customer support. So you can 
call on our helpline anytime of the day except for those 10 gazetted 
holidays, there will be somebody to assist you with all your requirements 
there. So, in fact, we're building upon these individual fundamental pillars 
in the business which will help us drive better growth in the business. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Swapnil: 
Right. Brijesh thanks a lot for that. Just one clarification. In the beginning 
of the call, we mentioned that you expect margins to move towards 28% 
very quickly and then by the end of the year 30%. For a full-year basis. 
Would it be fair to assume that you would be somewhere between 28% to 
29% EBITDA margins in FY '24? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes, it would be difficult to comment on the specific percentages that we 
would achieve a year later. But our endeavour is, if you see in this 
particular year, the margin primarily declined because we were in a 
growth investment phase. In fact, we were catching up on the investments 
that we haven't made in the previous few years. Going forward, we expect 
that we would be adding manpower in line with our customer growth. So 
certainly, given the growth in the revenues, the expenses will also go up 
in proportion to that. So certainly, from here on, you would start seeing 
the margin improvements for sure. Whether it happens 1%, 2% it depends 
upon as to what the revenues are and what the expenses are in that quarter. 
 
Swapnil: 
Sure. So, thanks a lot guys for taking my questions. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Ruchi Mukhija from Elara Securities. Hi, 
Ruchi, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
So my question is kind of building on earlier participants question 
regarding the traffic and the unique enquiries. So here, if you look at the 
ratio of total enquiries delivered to unique enquiries have changed the 
direction, it's been increasing for last three quarters. If you look coupled 
with about 20% plus growth in your paying supplier base, it implies 
diminishing value of the platform for each paying supplier. Is that the 
right way to look at and I have, I would say more related question here, 
pre-pandemic, this ratio of your total enquiries delivered to Unique has 
reached a top of about 6.4. Is that optimal or is that I would say peak ratio 
where one need to get worried about the traffic metrics? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Hi Ruchi, I have already answered that the same thing. As the 
effectiveness is increasing, our target is to bring this unique enquiry to the 
enquiry delivered to about five or less than five, maybe 4.9. We continue 
to make small, small changes. And that is why you see currently between 
5.5 plus minus ⁠10% or so quarter-on-quarter. But our target is to bring it 
to less than five because relevancy and competition go hand in hand. As 
the relevancy increases and supplier responsiveness increases, if you do 
excessive matchmaking, the competition can play counterproductive to 
the relevancy. That is why over a long period of time in fact, it should 
rather trend down to maybe four because the important part is to measure 
what is the buyer conversion on the platform, if the buyer came and gave 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
one enquiry and what is his probability of actually buying it from the 
supplier who was introduced to him through the platform either by he 
himself called or by way of RFQ and that number has been slowly and 
slowly going up. Actually, it fell down a little bit during the COVID both 
the waves, but it has been slowly and slowly going up. We believe that at 
the buyer level, if we can get to almost 50% conversions where every 
buyer who comes and inquires on the platform, every other buyer ends up 
purchasing from the platform, that should rather solve this whole 
problem. And that would also improve the traffic also because they will 
tend to come more often for their other requirements as their fulfilment 
ratio goes up. As of now, based upon the sample that we do or the 
feedbacks that we receive, we believe conversion is anywhere between 
30% to 40%. And we continue to measure that, it fluctuates because the 
measurement is only based upon the feedback of the buyers through 
email. As we get closer to the transaction by way of our Lead Manager or 
by way of our message centre, I think we will have better ability to 
measure the buyer conversion. So in the near-term, I'm not worried. Yes, 
but in the long run, buyer and supplier traffic cannot move differently. 
They have to move in sync with each other. Yeah, they may lag or lead 
each other, but they have to finally become in sync. In the past also, if you 
see the buyer traffic has taken a jump, step function jump. One jump you 
can see between FY '16 and '18. And then there was some kind of 
stabilization. And then the second jump again, that you can see, every 
time there is a jump happens, there is a stabilization that happened. I 
believe that next year onwards we should be able to focus more on buyer 
traffic. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for that detailed answer. I get what you are trying to say that 
in a very short period of time it's very difficult to match the growth 
frequency of buyer and supplier. But over long period they should run 
hand in hand. Here, what I'm trying to just assess is that at what level now 
it turns worrisome for IndiaMART how to look -- how you look for that 
signal or that trigger in your business where it's turning, I would say 
concerning for you? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If I can, if I don't have even 50 unique buyers for a supplier in a month, 
then probably I would start to worry. As long as I have anywhere upwards 
of one buyer and up to two buyers, I'm fine. Currently, we might be having 
closer to four buyers per unique supplier, per unique buyer. So I think I 
would still have at least 50% headroom from where we are up to three 
lakh suppliers, I should not be worrying. But yes, beyond three lakh 
suppliers, I should be worrying if the traffic does not move up. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead with your question, Nikhil. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Hello. Hi, I have a couple of questions. First is on higher churn in silver 
category. So, it's been like quite some time and churn continue to remain 
high. Earlier there used to be case where we have a smaller number of 
employees per supplier in support category. So maybe the experience got 
impacted during those time but we have filled those gaps and despite that, 
we are seeing higher churn. Can you give some colour on that or is it due 
to higher pricing maybe? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think not necessarily because we are currently running at Silver monthly 
pricing which we were at in 2018, '19. In fact, possibly we'll see if we can 
whatever Rs. 500 discount that we gave during the COVID, we should 
now recover that back. So I don't think the pricing is a problem. The 
problem is how many suppliers can make use of the platform and how 
many suppliers don't find it useful. And it's anybody's guess how much of 
that is a platform problem versus people problem versus process problem 
and versus SME's own problem. You are right. Why can't it be similar 
churn or even better churn numbers as pre-COVID, I would also be 
working towards that. That's the only thing that I can say and the one little 
change that you can say is because the overall churn of the supplier is 
dependent on the first-year mix versus second year mix versus third year 
mix. Currently, in the Silver monthly because during the COVID we lost, 
most of the customers that we lost was Silver monthly customers. We 
were probably down to 30,000, 35,000 or so. Now, in the last year or so, 
I think a lot more number has been added to the Silver monthly only. So, 
and the early churn is always high. And the same is true for the annual 
customers also. So last year we acquired so many customers which are 
coming up for renewal. So once the mix improves, then also we can 
probably look at improvement. Another thing could be many of the 
customers who signed up during '21, '22 they were changing their 
businesses because their current business was changed and they moved to 
a different business. Some of them are coming up for renewal and they 
might have changed their business line. So and that is the precise reason, 
initially we thought that we need to have all the support system back and 
all the field support system back and that is why we went aggressive on 
hiring. Because if we are not able to take care of customers, there's no 
point acquiring more customers. I think the good part is that the upsell to 
the Gold and ARPU in the Platinum continues to increase, and which 
gives me confidence in the platform, that the platform continues to work 
for people who are willing to spend time and energy on the platform. It 
might also be possible that a lot of people that we have hired in the 
servicing department are quite new and they are still on the field doing 
hands on training and some of that might also improve in times to come. 
Hope that answers. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure sir. Very detailed answer. I think I have one follow-up related to 
what you mentioned about geographic expansion. We also read on the 
news that you expanded into Tamil Nadu, some cities in Tamil Nadu, 
Pondicherry and also some other Tier 2 and 3 cities. So how is the initial 
response? And can we say that a good part of most of your paying 
subscriber addition is coming from this geography expansion, while more 
or less your existing geography paying addition is broadly flat? Any 
colour on that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Are you talking about IndiaMART or Busy? 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
IndiaMART as well. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So IndiaMART was always there in Tamil Nadu. I mean, so we -- yes, we 
have expanded to many Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. Now we are present in 
places where we could not have ever had a proper full-fledged branch, but 
we have a presence through a channel partner, but we have increased our 
presence back into the metro cities also. There is a slide which tells you, 
I think, the paid customer breakup in the Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3. And 
that doesn't change much paying subscription suppliers. I think it was 
56% in metro cities. Now it is 54%. So not much has changed. Yes, 
because we have gone to Tier 3 through channel partners. So the market, 
which was totally untouched for us or totally being served on the 
telephone is now probably has gone gained 1% or 2% there, but I don't 
think much has changed there. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead with your question, Amit. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Hello? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, Amit, we can hear you. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah. Yes sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So my simple question is 
obviously we have seen very strong collections. It has increased quite 
well. So what factors attribute to that? So maybe you can expand more 
upon the channel partners, because is it coming from higher sales from 
channel partners or you attribute it a lot to the sales efficiency or the 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
aggressive sales investment that we have done? Or is it the existing 
suppliers are doing more -- are actually going up the pyramid or 
subscribing to more longer-term contracts or more monthly suppliers are 
getting converted to the Platinum category. So if you can throw some 
light, which part is actually leading to that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Effectively, all of above. The answer goes is all of above. But let me see 
which one is the highest contributor probably. So the highest contributor 
would be expanded customer base, because earlier we used to expand at 
max 15%, 16% of the customer. This time we have expanded almost 20%, 
21% on the customer base. So that obviously increases the collection. And 
as the people who came up for renewal, who were acquired, it will see our 
customer base started to increase about October, November, December of 
2021. So from October, November, December 2022, once they come up 
for renewal, a lot of them are met due to renewal, and at that point of time, 
they decide to upgrade. So many of them have upgraded. So probably 
most of the collections comes from 80% of the collections come from 
these upsells and renewals on the expanded customer base. So most of it 
would be, so the first year growth, first six months growth or nine months 
growth happens because we expanded the network, which we did not 
expand since March 2020. We expanded the network after 18 months. 
And then I think the later part of the growth on the collection started to 
come mainly from the renewals and upsells. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
And on the price hike, what is our strategy here? So is it an annual price 
hike or what? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We have six, seven different tiers of the packages. Silver monthly is 
priced at currently Rs. 2,500 plus tax. Silver annual is currently at Rs. 
25,000 plus tax. And then TrustSEAL is priced for Rs. 40,000-45,000 for 
one year, and then Rs. 60,000 for two year and Rs. 80,000 for three years. 
Similarly for Gold maximiser price and then multiple tiers in the star and 
leader. So it's not that we do one price hike across all the products at one 
go. We generally try and see whenever we feel like there is enough 
traction in one particular product. So then we make a small changes in 
price, sometimes in Platinum one segment or sometimes in TrustSEAL, 
sometimes in maximiser. On the bottom of the pyramid, we do maybe one 
price hike once in three years. And as I said, this price hike that was done 
in 2018 was actually reverted back in 2020. So we will see about that. So 
there is no significant trend on price hike. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir my last question is on the Busy. So if you can throw some 
more light on what is the cross sell opportunity? I know there is a huge 
cross sell opportunity that you talked about. So what is the success that 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
we have got in terms of cross sell and how many of our existing suppliers 
are using Busy? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Essentially, as we said, the first year for Busy was primarily focused on 
stabilizing the acquisition itself. As you understand that people, the 
channel, they all have their own questions and queries. We still think that 
Busy as a business, initially we would want to focus on growing that 
business on a standalone basis. Second step, we will take some assistance 
in terms of getting leads for acquiring additional customers for Busy from 
IndiaMART. And I think it's only in the first step after that we would start 
looking at possibilities of cross selling and upselling. As of now, for a 
year or two, we would still continue to focus on growing Busy first before 
looking at these cross-sell opportunities for IndiaMART coming in from 
Busy. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue is Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead with your question, Sarang. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Good evening. Am I audible? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, you're audible. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Yes. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Yes. Thank you. I have two questions. So the first one is during our last 
con call, you had mentioned that we'll be targeting an ARPU growth of 
4% to 6% for next year. While early last month on the media you have 
pushed this number a little higher. So would this be coming from price 
hike or the adoption of more cities category by the paid suppliers like you 
all noticed with the Platinum customers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Both, I think there is no, I mean I can't break it up between the two. Price 
hike is easier to break up. But some people taking a greater number of 
city combination or more number of categories versus the mix change 
also because last year most of the customers were at the bottom of the 
pyramid. Now they will move up to the TrustSEAL and others or even in 
the second year. As the customer aging improves, their revenue also 
improves because of the typically 20% of their customers upsell when it 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
comes to renewal. So I think it's a blend of two, three things. That brings 
us about 5%, 6% ARPU growth. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay, so you're confident 5% to 7%, right. So my other question is on the 
registered buyer slide, right. Here my understanding is just a customer 
sign up puts me on the registered buyer figure, but only once I submit an 
RFQ I get into the active buyer figure, right? I completely understand how 
you're optimizing the business enquiry side through algorithmic changes 
and all. Here there's a different situation where paid suppliers are coming 
in from one side, but the ones interested in submitting an RFQ on the 
buyer side is just stagnant for past three years, right? So are we plan to 
improve this engagement metric in some way or are we just fine? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, those who have submitted any RFQ in the last 12 months pre COVID 
it used to be at 30mn and now it is at 37, 38mn. So there also is the same 
growth as the unique business enquiries growth. I think the same question 
comes back to the increase in number of buyers. As I said, another 50,000 
customers if the buyers don't increase, I think I'm not worried. But as we 
add 1 lakh customer, then buyers must increase. And it should be 
increasing, because otherwise the customers will not increase. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Right. But my understanding is last three years, the paid suppliers have 
gone up significantly, but the active buyers… 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Probably that one-year paid suppliers have gone up significantly. The 
paid suppliers were 1,47,000 on March 2020, and they were 1,47,000 on 
October 2021. And if you really see the paying suppliers have been 
growing at 15%, 16% CAGR versus the buyers have been growing at 20% 
odd CAGR. So buyers have been growing much higher rate. If you go to 
the unique enquiries slide. Yeah. So that's been growing at 21% CAGR. 
So I think we are fine there. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
So you're not worried about the active buyers number not increasing? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Not as of now. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. Okay sir. Thank you. 
 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Thank you very much. It has been a very engaging session. I would now 
like Dinesh to give his concluding remarks. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining our quarter four and FY 2023 
conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the time 
available. If you still have questions, please feel free to contact with our 
Investor Relations team. Their contact details are available on our website 
and wish you all a very good next financial year and we'll see you soon 
in July. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude this 
webinar. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
