 
 
 
 
 
SIS Limited  
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
Date: February 10, 2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q3 FY23  
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call of the Q3 FY 2023 held on February 3, 
2023 and the same is available on the Company’s website at https://sisindia.com/financial-
results-presentations/.   
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha K 
 Company Secretary 
 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed 
by PUSHPA 
LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 2023.02.10 
15:15:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“SIS Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIS LIMITED  
 
MR. DEVESH DESAI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT BAKHSHI – PRESIDENT M&A, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND VENTURES – SIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SIS Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat Bakhshi, President M&A, Investor Relations and 
Ventures from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bharat Bakhshi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 FY '23 earnings call. Along with 
me, I have our Group Managing Director, Rituraj Sinha; and our Group CFO, Devesh Desai. I 
hope everyone has had a chance to look at our results and the earnings note, which has been 
uploaded on the stock exchanges and the company's website.  
We're happy to report that the business continues to show strong revenue growth, with a good 
improvement in margins also, this quarter. This quarter, we recorded our highest-ever revenue 
of ₹2,904 crores. The India Security business grew 4.6% quarter-on-quarter and 21% year-on-
year. The strong growth continues.  
In Facility Management also, especially, the business grew 5% quarter-on-quarter and 35.2% 
year-on-year. In fact, this is the third quarter in a row that the Facility Management business has 
grown at 35% or higher year-on-year.  
On the International side, with onetime COVID-related contracts falling off, we are seeing a 
return to pre-COVID growth levels with other business coming in. Our Cash Logistics JV is also 
seeing extremely strong growth with 11.5% quarter-on-quarter and 51.7% year-on-year growth. 
So as you can see, we have seen very good business growth now across all segments. And we 
are also very happy to inform you that margins are up almost 40 basis points this quarter 
compared to the previous quarter.  
Our two largest segments, which is India Security and International business, reported better 
EBITDA margins, which moved the consolidated margins up. So again, overall, we are very 
happy with the business momentum. We will now turn it back over for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Swarnish Chaterjee from Asterix 
Swarnish Chaterjee: 
My question is, in the India business, the Security and Facility Management, what is the 
opportunity to cross-sell? I believe the correlation between your client will be very less. So there 
should be an opportunity to cross-sell. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
At the moment, 6% of our customers who are in Security use Facility Management services. So 
you're right that there is significant headroom for cross referencing or cross-selling. And we are 
working on it. In the top 20 cities in the country, we have created what we call city coordination 
groups, where a monthly lead exchange program has been formally institutionalized between all 
SBUs to maximize the cross-sell opportunity. But at the moment, it's only 6%. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Swarnish Chaterjee: 
Okay, sir. And there was a talk about selling intelligence security system to leading PSUs like 
SBI, ONGC, and we should have significantly higher margin than current 4%, 5% rate. Anything 
about that? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Our VProtect business, which does alarm monitoring, has roughly 13,000-plus connections now. 
We have secured another 7,000 connections from banks mostly, which is basically a man-less 
security, where we are leasing equipment, alarm equipment. We are monitoring that 24/7 and 
providing emergency response service. So, it's alarm monitoring response service or an opex 
model. And these contracts have come in at EBITDA margins of 20% plus. 
Swarnish Chaterjee: 
And my last question is, there was a talk about wage increases in Australia, that has to be passed 
on to you via your customers. So... 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So let me remind you that all our contracts across India and other jurisdictions, including 
Australia, have an automatic price escalation clause on a pro rata basis. Basically, it means that 
if the minimum wage goes up by 1%, we correspondingly pass through that increase to our 
customers. And that's not something that we negotiate, it's built into contract. However, there is 
always a time lag. With the announcement, we start paying first, and then we put up invoices to 
customers.  
Sometimes they need to go for budget revisions, etc., an internal process may take a little bit of 
time. It is generally a 3-month cycle for this catch-up to happen. So, this is a routine affair for 
the business in India and Australia, and I'm sure you have seen the impact of this on several 
occasions in the past 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Bhukne, an individual investor. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
So my questions are, is there any moat in our business? And if we plan to scale a business, so 
how do we plan it without linear increase manpower? And third is, who are our biggest clients 
and how do we scale in getting big clients? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So the biggest moat in the business, I'd say, this industry does not have barriers to entry. It's 
fairly easy for somebody to set up a security company or a facility management company. But 
the barrier is to scale. And I'll give you the statistics. There are more than 15,000 licensed private 
security businesses in India, but only two of them have revenues of more than ₹2,000 crores. 
Less than 200 of them have revenues of more than ₹200 crores. 
So clearly, barriers are to scale. And our moat is basically the fact that we have built a pan-India 
network of branches. We serve across 650 districts of the country. Number two, we've built a 
very robust supply chain with 14 residential training academies to supply trained manpower 
across the country at short notice. Number three, we've built a very robust system platform where 
there is ARC technology for recruitment, quality control. There is iOPS for operational 
management in a paperless fashion and on real-time basis. There is MySIS now, which is our 
automated digital facial recognition-based attendance platform. These are all proprietary 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
software platforms that help us manage over 250,000 people. So these are the general moats of 
the business. And that's what has helped SIS scale over the years. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
Okay. I wanted to understand in future how do we scale the business without increasing the 
manpower? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, this business involves manpower, so increase of revenue will have increase in manpower. 
They cannot be separated. That's the nature of the industry. But, at the same time, as we start 
selling more and more technology and more and more solution-based things, like I was just 
explaining in the last question, we have sold so many connections in alarm monitoring in 
response to banks, they don't involve manpower, that alarm monitoring and response, which 
does not have physical component other than the responders.  
So that also is a part of our solutions play. So as the share of such contracts goes up, you will 
have more revenue. So, the correlation is not 1:1. It's not a direct correlation that for every dollar 
to increase, manpower must increase. But there is a heavy connection, I'd say. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
I was asking this because a large amount of our revenue goes into employee expense, right? So 
that's why. And our revenues are increasing in an exponential manner, but our profits are a little 
stagnant, right? So that's why I was asking. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
You're right. For the last few quarters, the profits have been stagnant and that has been explained 
in previous calls. But I'm very happy to share that our Security Solutions business in India, which 
is reporting 3.9% all-time low EBITDA three quarters back, is back to almost 4.8%, 4.9% this 
quarter. It's a 1% plus change in three quarters. So as volume comes back, margins will also 
come back. And we are very hopeful that the Security business will track towards 6% in quarters 
to come. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
And sir, I wanted to understand regarding the clients. Like who are the biggest clients that SIS 
has and how we are planning to get more of the clients? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
One of the reasons that SIS has maintained almost a 1% to 2% month-on-month revenue growth 
is because our contracts don't come from one, two or three major clients. In fact, out of the 
₹3,000 cr. quarterly revenues -- near about ₹3,000 cr. quarterly revenues that we report, no single 
client contributes more than 1% of revenue. So on a monthly basis, if you do ₹1,000 crores, no 
client -is worth more than ₹10 crores per month revenue, right?  
So, we are not dependent on large clients to come and then give us business. We are a very 
diversified portfolio. The beauty of Security, Facility Management type service is that everybody 
needs it, whether it's a shop, it's a mall, it's a factory, it's an office, it's a cinema hall, it's a hospital, 
it's a hotel, they need guards, cameras, and cleaning staff. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
Okay. And I just wanted to understand one more thing. In future, will there be any rule or 
anything that will create a moat around this business that no other party would enter? That's what 
I wanted to understand. In future, not now, but in future? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Rituraj Sinha: 
No, I don't see this industry becoming a monopoly anytime soon. This will not be a monopoly 
or duopoly. Globally, there are multiple operators in this sector across the world. But when it 
comes to market share, generally, there will be one, maximum two operators who are the 
dominant market share holders. But there will always be hundreds and thousands of security and 
facility management companies operating. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
And I also wanted to understand what is the impact of recession and other stuff that is happening 
in the environment to SIS? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think you should study the quarterly reports pre-COVID to now. It will give you a clear picture. 
We are a recession-resistant segment. In the first year of COVID, which was FY '21, we grew 
7%, when the Indian economy contracted. In the second year of COVID FY '22, we grew 10%, 
when the Indian economy was just getting back on its feet. And this year, FY '23, as the economy 
in India picks up to, whatever, 6% plus growth, I'm pretty sure that we will grow 2x of GDP. 
Rohan Bhukne: 
The last question is regarding the net profit. So, are we still in line towards 20% profit growth? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
As a matter of practice, we don't give guidance in that relation. But as you can see, our profit 
after tax in this quarter is probably the best-ever at ₹103 crores. So we also have a significant 
advantage of 80JJAA. And as the business grows, the 80JJAA will kick in more, and I think that 
will show up on the profit after tax line. I guess there are a few other people in the queue, so if 
you don't mind, if you can join the queue back. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from IIFL. 
Vidit Shah: 
My first question was on the International business. So you spoke about the wage inflation being 
passed on, but with like a 3-month lag. But has all of it been passed on as of now in February 
'23? 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes, at the end of Q3, all of it was passed on. So we will have a full quarter effect, also partly 
flowing through in Q4. Largely, all of it has been passed on by the end of Q3. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And could you just elaborate on these profit improvement initiatives that 
you've taken that you expect to yield results in the coming quarters in the International business? 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes. So as part of a regular exercise, what has been done this time is that every site, every 
customer contract has been analyzed at a P&L level. So the revenue and the cost of each site, 
each contract has been picked up and analyzed. Lower margin sites or low-margin contracts 
have been picked up for special review and action to see whether there have been any cost creeps 
over there, whether there have been scope creeps overhead, whether we are getting all the 
revenue and whether there is any leakage.  
We're checking each and every contract, each and every site to make sure we maximize whatever 
we expect to get from each site. So it's a laborious exercise, going through a last few months of 
P&L, going through every contract, going through every site, creating an action plan going back, 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
making some actions on the ground, managing the roster more efficiently. So there's hundreds 
of actions which are going on. And that's our action plan which has been drawn up, so that the 
operational teams can implement it and then we deliver profit improvement back into the system. 
Vidit Shah: 
So do you have any target margins or something like that below which you pick up contracts to 
improve... Anything of that sort that you've targeted? 
Devesh Desai: 
So generally, there is an approval matrix, which kicks in for contracts and various margins. Some 
contracts may be picked up at a lower margin for strategic reasons. There could be high volume 
contracts. So there's a whole host of reasons why contracts get picked up, as in any business, as 
you would know. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
But let me just add and supplement there, that apart from the approval system, the more 
important thing is that the gross margin of SIS Security, for example, has moved up by almost 
1% in the last two quarters, and that is reflecting on the bottom-line EBITDA as well. 
Vidit Shah: 
 
But that would be a result of passing on the wage inflation as well, right? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
It's passing on the wage inflation, securing contracts at better rates. It's a whole host of reasons. 
Vidit Shah: 
And on the FM side, what happened to the margins there? I mean, they've dropped after seeing 
a couple of quarters of improvement. Are there any one-offs and could you quantify those, 
specifically? 
Devesh Desai: 
So we've explained the reasons. There have been some one-off costs which have taken place 
during the quarter. And as you know, we deploy a large amount of equipment... 
Vidit Shah: 
 
Sir, your voice is breaking. I couldn't hear... 
Devesh Desai: 
Large amount of equipment at the customer sites. And periodically, we have to monitor, manage 
and maintain those equipment. Now unfortunately, in this quarter, a lot of the equipment came 
up for regular repair and maintenance cost, which led to an increase in the cost. We have a few 
fixed price contracts, as Rituraj explained earlier to the question that while we have our price 
escalations clauses  linked to minimum wages. In the case of fixed price contracts, it sometimes 
takes a bit longer to get that price increase through the system, while the cost increase has already 
come through the system. 
We also had -- at request of clients, there were certain supplies of products and services made, 
which the clients wanted us to route through our books. There was no margin on that. It was just 
a facilitation for the client. Now all of these things, if you look at mathematically and run a 
formula, then the percentage of EBITDA has come down in this quarter. But yes, we've got a lot 
of actions in place. We are doing a lot of corrective stuff on the ground in this business also. So 
hopefully, in the next one or two quarters, we'll start trending back up. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Vidit Shah: 
Right. So, if I have understood correctly, this quarter was an aberration and the next few quarters 
you start seeing an improvement from the 4%, 4.5% that we used to do in the first half of the 
year? 
Devesh Desai: 
 
Yes, definitely. 
Vidit Shah: 
And just one last question on the tax accounting, maybe quite a basic question, but if you could 
just take us through how the 80JJAA benefits are accounted. Because since the last 3 quarters, 
we've been seeing a tax gain on the books. My understanding was that only the tax payable can 
be offset, so just wondering how the gain arises. 
Devesh Desai: 
No, so the way it works is that because -- I hope you know how the 80JJAA tax benefit works. 
It's a benefit you get over 3 years. So when you compute the benefit of year 1, based on the 
additional number of people you employed and the additional wages you paid for those new 
employees, 30% of that is taken as a tax benefit, as a deduction from the income every year, 
over three years.  
Now what happens is, because of the way the accounting standards work and because there is a 
certainty of getting the next two years of tax reduction in the respective years, you are required 
to create a deferred tax asset for those two years' benefit in the first year itself. So every year, 
you actually account for the benefit of the current year, plus you account for the benefit of the 
future two years.  
And in that second year and third year, that deferred tax asset is then brought down from the 
balance sheet into the P&L as an expense. So that's how the whole chain works and the whole 
cycle works. And that is why you see a net gain coming in the tax expense rather than a net 
expense coming in that line. 
Vidit Shah: 
I mean, sir, has there been a change because like, let's say, we had some good growth in 
headcount even in FY '19, '20, but we didn't see such a high gain taking place in those years 
compared to, let's say, '23, where we are still growing very handsomely. But we've seen a big 
benefit on the deferred tax front as well. 
Devesh Desai: 
So in FY 2021, there was no net increase in the number of employees. So in that year, there was 
no 80JJAA tax benefit banked and accounted in the books. 
Vidit Shah: 
Also, this is like impact of a very low base of FY '22, which we are seeing right now? 
Devesh Desai: 
So FY '22 I had a benefit, and FY '23, we're continuing the benefit. FY '21 was the first year of 
COVID, where there was no increase in the net number of employees, and that is why I was not 
able to bank any benefit in that year. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
It's not low base. It's just that FY '21 we had marginal growth. If you remember, Security 
business in India had like 1% growth in FY '21. In FY '22 and FY '23, obviously, it's growing 
much better. We're recruiting more, so we are banking more benefit of 80JJAA. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Vidit Shah: 
So any guidance you could give us for the tax rate that the company could have, given 20% odd 
growth in the India business with 80JJAA? 
Devesh Desai: 
So effectively, the tax rate will, as you will see, continue to be at this level, which is 0. Standalone 
Company will be 0. Standalone India operations will be 0. There will be a net income or the net 
positive charge in the tax line and not a negative charge. International, of course, has a tax rate, 
but on a blended basis, we are close to 0. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Alok Deshpande: 
My first question is on the International business margins. Now going forward, how should we 
look at those margins for the next maybe 4 to 5 quarters given that the ad hoc contracts have 
gone out etc… 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, like I said, Alok, in the past, if you remember, pre-COVID, International business was a 
4.5% EBITDA margin business. In the COVID years, we got a lot of temporary contracts, high-
margin contracts. So they went up to 6%, which was an aberration. Now what we are witnessing 
in FY '23 is that all those high-margin, short-term contracts are out. We are only working with 
regular contracts. And therefore, we are settling down towards the 4%, 4.5% margin. I would 
say that you should factor that 4.5% in the coming quarters. 
Alok Deshpande: 
And Rituraj, when we are annualizing the International business at about -- I'm guessing, about 
₹5,000 crores. Now in terms of growth there, what should we look at? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I think in FY '23, our greatest challenge was that as almost 45 million, 50 million worth 
of temporary contracts exit the system, our revenue should not contract. That whole of 45 
million, 50 million of temporary contracts had to be filled by regular new wins. And I'm very 
happy that in FY '23, it looks like we may not have a revenue dip per se, right? We had like a 
5% increase in revenues from Q2, as you can see. And I think on a full year basis, we will be in 
a single digit, low single-digit growth, which is a pretty good performance given the fact that 
almost 50 million worth of temp contracts exited the system in April. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure. Single-digit growth is for FY '23, I believe, what you said now. And then how do we look 
at this number next year given probably the contracts that are probably in the pipeline - FY '24? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Again, FY '24 should go back to pre-COVID type performance, which is like 7-odd percent, 7%, 
6%, 8%, in that ballpark range. That's what we've done for the last 10 years pre-COVID. So I'm 
hoping that we go back to that. 
Alok Deshpande: Okay. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Mind you that the base of the International business is pretty significant now with almost AUD 
850 million worth of annual business. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Alok Deshpande: 
Yes, I was just about to ask you that, that now the base is significantly higher. So is like 7%, 8% 
achievable given that the market share is already high? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Our goals are always aspirational. So our goal is to maintain that trend. And I think Australian 
market should come back in line. As of right now also, there is no dearth of contracts. Actually, 
the problem in Australia is that, like all European markets, Australia is also facing acute labor 
shortage. So, we are only taking on contracts selectively which are higher rate contracts, where 
you know we have easy access to manpower, etc. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Rituraj, the other thing was, I remember you had called out that you'd be reaching 5% margin in 
India business by Q4. I think you've already sort of almost reached there in Q3 itself, which is a 
good thing. Now can we see this number going to 5.5% or 6%, in that vicinity next year? Or this 
is where it will sort of stabilize? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
No. I think I've said this repeatedly, and I'm reinforcing the fact, I see no reason why our pre-
COVID margin performance for Security in India, which was ballpark 6%; in FM, which was 
ballpark 6% plus; and in International markets, which was ballpark 4.5%. I see no reason why 
we should not go back to these levels. It's taking a little bit more time than one would have liked, 
but fundamentally, the business or the market share or the pricing power, nothing has changed. 
In fact, SIS is a far stronger market leader today than we were pre-COVID, not because we have 
actually grown stronger, it's actually because our competition has taken a much bigger hit during 
COVID. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Right. That was actually something I wanted to ask, that because we don't get numbers of many 
of these unlisted security companies in India, given the goal that SIS has for 2025 in terms of 
market share, etc., how has that progressed in the last 4 quarters or so in terms of market share 
gains, etc., specifically to the Indian Security business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I think I'll be able to comment about this as I see the FY '23 numbers of the key 
competitors. But as of right now, I can say that as the India Security business heads to a high-
teens growth, it's definitely more than minimum wage increase plus GDP growth.  
So we are picking up market share. If we are growing more than the GDP expansion plus the 
minimum wage expansion in the country, that basically means that you're picking up market 
share. So, if GDP is 6% percent and the base inflation is around about 5%, 6% this year, 10%, 
11%, and you're growing 15%, 16%, 17%, then you've picked up market share. That's the rule 
of thumb. But I still wait for FY '23 numbers of our key competitors to be published before I 
make my comment, which is more specific. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from Dharmavenkatesan K B, an Individual Investor. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
Sir, I just wanted an update on the Henderson. So last quarter, you had mentioned that we might 
be breaking even in this quarter. So I just wanted to know how the things panning out there and 
what are the point… 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Bharat Bakhshi: Sorry, can you repeat that? We didn't quite catch the question, I'm sorry. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the update regarding Henderson. So last quarter, you had mentioned 
that there were some issues we were facing and we might be able to possibly breakeven by Q3 
or Q4. So I just wanted a color on it, sir. Hello? 
Moderator: 
It looks like the management line has just got disconnected. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you 
for your patience. We have the line for management connected. And Mr. Dharmavenkatesan, 
you may go ahead. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
Sir, I just wanted an update regarding Henderson. So how are the things panning out there? 
Because last quarter, you had mentioned that we were facing some pressure in terms of EBITDA 
level breakeven. So I just wanted a color in it. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think Henderson is coming back well. Actually, they have picked up a few interesting contracts 
in the last quarter. The management team has finally started to deliver on new sales nicely. The 
easing of labor supply from Malaysia is also helping. So overall, it's better than before. But I 
guess, before I make any specific commitments in this regard, I'd like to watch a few more 
quarters, at least two quarters before we can say that it's an established trend. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
So are we still losing money out there or we have some at least EBITDA level breakeven? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
No, it is EBITDA negative. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
Okay. And how is the SDS acquisition panning out, like... 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me quantify that. The annual EBITDA negative impact out of Singapore would be ballpark 
₹5 crores, annual basis. So on a quarterly basis, even if the impact is like ₹1.5 crores of cash 
drain. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
And how is the SDS acquisition panning out, and some more color on that also will be helpful. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
On what, sorry? 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
SDS. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
SDS, it's a smallish deal. We picked it up at a very fairly low price of $5 million. And I think 
the business is stable. It hasn't grown since the acquisition, for sure, but it's stable. And the price 
at which we bought it would be a 15%-plus IRR deal for us, hopefully. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vidit Shah from IIFL. 
Vidit Shah: 
Just one question on the cash flows in the International business. They seem to be quite low 
given that the business is generally quite cash generative. What has happened there that has 
dented these cash flows? And do we expect a recovery in 4Q and by the end of '23? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So this was just a one-off thing which happened. Normally, there are two payroll cycles in a 
month. At this time, there were three payroll cycles in December across both MSS and SSC 
business. So that caused the OCF to EBITDA to be negative. But on a YTD basis, it has been 
positive. It will be positive back again in Q4. So it was just a one-off thing which took place in 
December. 
Vidit Shah: 
And overall, what is the OCF/EBITDA conversion that we are targeting for FY '23 and '24 on a 
consolidated basis? 
Devesh Desai: 
So we generally have the target, as a group, to have 50% conversion. And we think we'll be close 
to that in Q4. Q4 is generally very good on cash flows. So by the end of Q4, we think we should 
be there. 
Vidit Shah: 
But FY '23 will be below that, but '24, you will be able to catch up. Would that be correct? 
Devesh Desai: 
No, I wanted to say that in FY '23, by the end of Q4, we should hit that target. Generally, Q4 is 
very good for cash flows and collections. So we generally tend to catch up in the last two 
quarters, and we will do that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Rituraj, I had a strategic question. Under India Security as well as Facility Management, we are 
running multiple brands as in the past as and when we have acquired companies So if we have 
the DTSS, etc... 
Moderator: 
Alok, sorry to interrupt. If you are on a speaker mode, please switch it to handset, your voice is 
kind of fluctuating. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. So Rituraj, I was asking that we are currently having so many multiple brands because of 
all the acquisitions that have happened over the years. So is there any thought process of 
combining all these brands under One SIS brand? Or what are the merits of keeping these brands 
separate? So I'm just saying that if probably they all come under one umbrella, maybe from a 
brand positioning it might have a bigger impact. I know there will be a onetime transitioning, 
but I just wanted to understand that thought process. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So for now, our thinking is that we want to build a house of brands, each brand suiting a different 
category. It's a little bit like your Kellogg's cereal rack, where you have something for people 
who are on a diet and people who are on a sugar rush. So there's something for everyone at the 
Kellogg's store. Similarly, at SIS, in Facility Management, we have a specialist FM company 
which is into health care, which is RARE. We have ServiceMaster, which does large contracts, 
a lot of government exposure there on railways and large institutional work.  
DTSS is more into corporates. Some of them focus more up North, some of them focus more 
down South. And each of these businesses grows aggressively. The FM business, for example, 
has reported almost 40% growth for two years back-to-back post-COVID. So like we said, that 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
it's the biggest winner out of COVID. Even if you're seeing Security, we have a multi-brand 
strategy. There is Tech SIS, which does electronic security.  
There's Vprotect that does alarm monitoring response type work. Then there is SIS, SLV, Uniq. 
SLV focuses on North India market, Uniq focuses on Bangalore and South India market. SIS is 
a national player. So that's the way we position our brands. And so far, it's working well for us. 
Yes, in theory, if you merge all these brands, you might have a bigger impact, like you said.  
But as of right now, we see no reason to make that change. Because mind you, all these 
businesses work on a common back-end shared service platform. So they are not duplicating 
legal and taxation and secretarial and so many other functions. So these are synergized brands, 
as I call them. They operate independently, but they also operate as a group. 
Alok Deshpande: 
So where I was coming from, Rituraj, was like -- for example, let's say, DTSS, whether people 
in the ecosystem are generally aware that SIS owns DTSS. So I'm just saying from a brand 
visibility perspective, if I... 
Rituraj Sinha: 
There is no confusion there, Alok. I don't know how you picked it up. There is no confusion at 
all. I think everybody knows. In fact, all these logos very clearly have an underline statements 
like SIS Group Enterprise. 
Alok Deshpande:  
Okay. Understood. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
It's abundantly clear, there's no confusion there. 
Alok Deshpande: 
And Rituraj, just one last question on International -- sorry, Indian Security. We are at about, 
what, 182 branches now. Will there be more investment in branch expansion if you're targeting 
this 15% to 20% growth there? Or you think that, from a branch network perspective, it's sort of 
well penetrated? What's the strategy there? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think we are very well-penetrated branch presence wise. Now the focus is growing the monthly 
revenue per branch. So ballpark, from give or take, ₹2 crores range to ₹4 crores range. 
Alok Deshpande: 
So that means that the incremental revenue actually should come at much higher margins 
because you may already have the... 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
Yes, there will be operating leverage there. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Garima from Kotak. 
Garima: 
So Rituraj, my question basically is, if I look up your performance versus Q2 FY '20, right? So 
with this, your revenues for both India Security as well as Facility Management are a good, let's 
say, 35% to 40%, 45% higher, whereas your margins are still not back up to those levels. And if 
I put this into context since you're also saying that competitive intensity has gone down post 
COVID. What is it really that is ailing margin? Is it simply because your clients have become 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
more cost conscious and are pushing back on escalation of prices, or -- I'm just trying to 
understand the dichotomy, sir. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So Garima, firstly, it's good to hear from you. Long time. So specifically, if I get the gist of your 
question, as regards to the margins, the gross margin of SIS has remained pretty stable through 
the entire COVID years. In the last 10, 12 quarters, the gross margin did not take a beating. It 
was our SG&A, which is all over the place.  
There were a lot of COVID-related expenses initially, then they went down. Then there was 
post-COVID increase in travel and conferences and meetings and client interactions and hiring, 
which bumped up the SG&A. So, the turbulence was in the SG&A segment, not in gross margin. 
Now as SG&A is settling down and growth is picking up, we are going back towards the margin 
profile that we had pre-COVID, which is 6% for Security. So I don't see that we are getting 
better terms from clients or we are having less or more competition from the other players in the 
industry, it's none of the two. It's actually just us settling back. 
Garima: 
I have looked into the call and basically, you were indicating that some time in FY 2024, we 
should see these margins, especially for the India businesses, at least reverting back to pre-
COVID level? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. Like I said, I have been repeatedly saying, gross margin is at 12% plus. We believe that 
SG&A will settle, and we will hopefully move back towards our pre-COVID normal levels. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Dharmavenkatesan K B, Individual Investor. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
So I just wanted to understand the growth that we are seeing in our Cash business. That is a very 
good growth compared to Q-on-Q or Y-on-Y. So I just wanted to know what is enabling us to 
grow this much, and like how sustainable is it going forward is what I want to know. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Our Cash business is the second largest Cash business in the country. And it has outgrown the 
largest Cash company by far this year. The largest Cash company is a listed company. You can 
look at their growth numbers and compare that to our Cash segment. You will see that we are 
not only growing twice the pace, we have also maintained almost a 14%, 15% EBITDA margin 
in FY '23. As of right now, because it's a minority position for us, it's not fully reflecting in the 
results. I'm glad that you took time to understand and discuss the Cash business. I believe that 
in years to come, there could be an opportunity for us to spin off the Cash business and create 
value for our shareholders. 
Dharmavenkatesan K B: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand that -- I did compare the numbers with the largest player and we 
are beating them hands down. So I just wanted to understand that what we might be doing 
differently? Or what is enabling us to show this kind of growth is what I'm trying to ask. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
We just have better execution, my friend. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Dharmavenkatesan K B.: 
And in our International business, there's a decline Y-o-Y. That is mainly due to that we had 
COVID contracts last year and that is not present this year, that's all right, sir? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
 
Absolutely correct answer. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question is from the line of Dhaval, an Individual Investor. 
Dhaval: 
So my question is there has been some decline in the margins, and yes, you have already guided 
to improvement. But specific to the Cash business that sir was just talking about, what has been 
the reason for some sort of decline in margin -- some fluctuation in margins, right, that we see 
over the last 3, 4 quarters? 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes. So actually, the steady state is -- around 15% to 16% of EBITDA margin. So sometimes 
what happens that we may have made a provision for some doubtful debts at some point, and 
we would have got the money back. And so we would have reversed the provision. So that's the 
only thing which has caused the fluctuation in the last two or three quarters. Otherwise, steady 
state is between 15% to 16%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back 
to Mr. Rituraj Sinha for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. If I look at the numbers of this quarter, I see that what 
we have given in terms of discussion in the past, which is that we are focusing on revenue growth 
and margin improvement, both at the same time, it's clearly playing out.  
We have demonstrated margin improvement and India Security which seem to be the biggest 
area of concern for everyone. Like Devesh pointed out, the Facility Management margin is a 
blip and it will start coming back on track. So the margin story is coming back strongly. As 
regards to the revenue growth, we have demonstrated the recession-resistant nature of our 
revenues, the predictability of our revenues.  
Mind you, the growth that we are reporting in the 9 months in Security and FM and Cash is not 
on the back of a large minimum wage bump-up. This is purely volume growth-led change. And 
as -- like for example, today, I was reading that Gujarat has increased minimum wages by 30% 
after an 8-year gap. Gujarat state has not increased minimum wage materially for 8 years, and 
then they have pushed through with a 30% hike. 
Now this has a direct corresponding impact on all my contracts in Gujarat. And because there's 
a rate increase clause on a pro rata basis, it has a flow-through impact on the EBITDA as well. 
So growth is coming back right now without big price revision or minimum wage revision, and 
when volume growth is combined with higher wage revision in the coming years, in the run-up 
to elections, I think this could be very interesting in terms of growth.  
Lastly, I'd like to underline something that wasn't discussed on the call today, is the fact that we 
reported one of our best DSO performances. The fact that we have grown so much without 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
increasing our working capital employed in the business, our days of sales outstanding have 
been flat, we've kept a tight control on that, shows our grip on both customers, new and old, for 
timely payments. And obviously, that's translating to a key number, which is return on equity. 
We have, again, maintained a 16% plus return on equity.  
Again, I would like to remind everybody that through the last 3 years or 12-odd quarters, pre-
COVID to now, our return on equity has been maintained between the 15% to 20% level, which 
underlines the nature of the business. This is an annuity revenue business. It is a low-capex 
business. It has little to no gestation period. And it is highly cash generative. 
We have given out more than ₹200 crores in terms of buybacks in the last two years, and also 
delivered a return on equity of 16% now and between 15% and 20% in the last three years. This 
is demonstrative of the power of this platform. And I believe that some of the concerns that 
people have had, in the coming quarters, they will be largely addressed, as we move back to pre-
COVID levels of performance.  
Thank you very much for your patience. Look forward to speaking to you some time soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
