 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
 
May 02, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
Subject: -  
Transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2023 conducted on April 27, 2023 after the 
meeting of the Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of Post Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
website of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investors/policies-reports-filings/  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
 
Nida Deshpande 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
DESHPANDE 
NIDA YUNUS
Digitally signed by 
DESHPANDE NIDA YUNUS 
Date: 2023.05.02 15:56:40 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 38 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAVI PANDIT – CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN – KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. KISHOR PATIL – CO-FOUNDER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN TIKEKAR – PRESIDENT AND JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ANUP SABLE – FULL-TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA HARDIKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL PHANSALKAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKET PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 38 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KPIT 
Technologies Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-down phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from 
Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of 
Dolat Capital, I would like to thank KPIT Technologies 
Limited for giving us this opportunity to host this earning 
call. And now at this point, I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sunil Phansalkar, who is head of IR 
at KPIT, to do the management introduction. Over to you, 
Sunil. 
Sunil Phansalkar:  Thank you, Rahul. Good evening and a warm welcome to 
everyone for the Q4 FY ‘23 post earnings conference call 
of KPIT Technologies Limited. On the call today, we have 
Mr. Ravi Pandit, Co-founder and Chairman, Mr. Kishor Patil, 
Co-founder, CEO and MD, Mr. Sachin Tikekar, President 
and Joint MD, Mr. Anup Sable, Full-time Director and CTO, 
and Priya Hardikar, our CFO. As we do always, we'll have 
the opening remarks by Mr. Ravi Pandit, on the year and 
the quarter gone by and the way we look at the immediate 
future. And then we'll have it open for questions. So once 
again, a very warm welcome to all of you and I hand it over 
to Mr. Pandit. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 38 
 
Ravi Pandit: 
Good evening and welcome and thank you for being 
present at our investor call. What I would like to do in my 
initial remark is to give you a quick overview of the results 
and maybe address a couple of questions, which are 
normally raised, or which have been raised in this context. 
And after that, we can start looking at the question 
answers. I trust, you have all received our investor release. 
As you would agree, it gives plenty of information. So, I 
believe that, between the note that you have got and the 
initial comments, many of your questions, would be 
addressed. And I would invite you to ask any further 
questions that you may possibly have. 
So, as you will see, it has been a good quarter and a good 
year. The quarterly results show a year-on-year growth of 
50%, in constant currency, and the quarter-on-quarter 
growth of 8.5%, in the constant currency. So, the revenue 
has picked up well. EBITDA, we have EBITDA of 19.1%, 
which is a 60% year-on-year growth and net profit, which 
has grown 42% year-on-year. This is about our quarterly 
results.  
When you turn to the yearly results, the year-on-year 
growth in constant currency has been 37%. The EBITDA for 
the year has been 18.9%, which shows a 45% growth from 
last year. Net profit at INR 3.8 billion, shows a 39% growth 
over the last year. So, I trust you will agree that the top 
line as well as the bottom-line growth has been healthy 
and we have been able to meet the expectations that, we 
set through the outlook that we gave throughout the year. 
We have also given the outlook for the next year, where 
we believe that we could have a constant currency growth 
of between 27% to 30% and our EBITDA margins would be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 38 
 
between 19% to 21%, I'm sorry 19% to 20%., I stand -
corrected. 
Questions have been asked about the genesis of this 
growth. So, it is important for us to dwell a bit on the 
growth that we had in the last year and the outlook that 
we are giving. And it is imperative to look at the underlying 
factors, which I would look at as an intersection of two, 
which is the industry change that is happening and 
secondly, our readiness to meet the needs of our clients, 
in this period of change. As we have said time again, there 
is a basic transformation which is happening in the 
mobility industry, especially in the automotive sector. 
There is a change in the business model that our clients, 
namely the OEMs are going through. The change is driven 
by multiple factors. There is a change in technology 
because of a significant push towards electrification. And 
that is really in response to the climate change 
requirements. That is a key initiative for our clients and 
that's a matter of passion for us, to really come up with 
solutions which are clean. 
The second factor which is affecting is that there is a 
business model change our clients are looking at. Till now, 
the source of income for the OEMs was the one-time sale. 
And now our clients are looking at potentially, a stream of 
revenues coming from the sale that is being made. And so, 
they would like to give additional functionality, over a 
period of time. They would like to stay in touch with the 
client throughout the life of the vehicle and therefore the 
requirement of being continuously in touch and therefore 
the need for making a change in the basic architecture. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 38 
 
The third driver is also of course cost. Over the period, as 
the degree of electrification has increased, the number of 
ECUs in the vehicles have increased and now the OEMs 
are looking at consolidation of them. They are looking at 
domain controllers or centralized architecture, which will 
reduce the number of ECUs and make the overall software 
management far easier. There have been multiple reports 
of industry analysts, which have talked about significant 
demand for software R&D work that the OEMs will do. And 
the anticipation is that the OEMs will spend almost $40 
billion every year, over the next five to seven years to 
make this transformation. So that is really the condition 
of the industry that we face today. 
We have been trying for the last few years to get ourselves 
ready, to meet this industry challenge. We look at 
ourselves as partners to this industry, and we want to be 
responsible and trusted partners, to our clients. And with 
that in mind, we have been working on three or four major 
initiatives. We believe, it is this thinking that we have put 
in, over the last few years, that is beginning to show some 
results. Our thinking is based on four broad areas, where 
we need to really excel in our performance year after year. 
The first is relating to our clients and our client 
relationships. As you all know, we have been wanting to 
focus not just on a single industry, but also to focus, on 
certain select clients, within that industry. These are the 
clients, which we call Strategic Clients. To these clients, 
not only they are strategic to us, but we are also strategic 
to them. So, we are a part of their thinking process, we 
are a part of their architectural development, we are a part 
of their problem solving. And we treat it, as our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 38 
 
responsibility to ensure that the trust, they repose on us, 
is well guarded and is well responded to. So, our focus on 
a few clients and going deep into the requirements has 
been a main driver of our work, for the past few years. 
The second area is, of course, around technology. This is 
an industry in which technology is changing rapidly. Our 
clients need our help to get a good handle on the 
technology. Our motto is to be a software company, which 
understands automotive better than any other company 
and to be a company, which understands software better 
than any OEM. And with that in mind, we have been 
investing 
and 
understanding 
these 
technologies, 
developing skills in that, developing tools, platforms, 
accelerators, which can help our clients do their work with 
speed, with low cost, and with absolute strong systems, 
faultlessly. So, our second area of focus has been 
technology. 
The third area of focus has been talent. And we have been 
investing a lot in building talent at all levels. Not only at 
the technical talent at the bottom level, but also the 
managerial talent at the middle and the senior levels. And 
that's an area of focus we believe, should help us over 
times to come. The last and not the least important, is our 
delivery excellence, because the work that we deliver, 
because of the engine that our clients deliver to their 
customers, is so complex and the reliance on them is so 
high, it is important for us to deliver a software, which is 
completely error-free. And therefore, how do we develop 
a system or a process which can develop error-free 
software, in the right committed timeframe, has been a 
key issue for us. And we have been working on that. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 38 
 
have been talking about these four key initiatives with you 
for the last few quarters. 
And we think that this is something that can put us in a 
good state. That is what we believe has helped our growth 
in the last year. And that is what we hope should help us 
in our current year, in the coming years. We also think that 
our midterm prospects in this context should be good. We 
believe that in the current year, the growth may be a little 
front ended. And so, we think that our first two quarters 
may do better as a part of this total overall growth. 
In the investor note we have presented, we have also 
talked about a collaboration, the formation of a new 
company called Qorix. And I want to talk a bit about that 
in terms of the technology and the rationale of that. As I 
mentioned, in this new world of software-defined 
vehicles, the middleware, the core software is becoming a 
very important thing. And we believe there is room for a 
very good sturdy core software that can be delivered to 
our clients. For this, we have found a partnership with a 
global, well-known Tier 1 called ZF. We believe that 
together we can develop a good solution and deliver it to 
our clients. The company, Qorix, will be focused 
exclusively on the development of the software product. 
We will continue to render services around it. 
To this company, we will be making an initial contribution 
of Euro 5 million. And over the next 12 to 18 months, we 
will make an extra contribution of Euro 5 million. We have 
currently done an MOU, and we are awaiting the final 
clearance from the regulatory authorities in Germany. 
Once that is done, we will be able to speak more about 
what will be the contribution that will come from ZF over 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 38 
 
a period of time. We also think that it will be useful for us 
to add yet another partner to that. And we are in the 
process of conversation regarding it. And whenever that 
happens, we will certainly come back to you. 
So, these are really some of the broad observations that I 
wanted to make. The normal observations regarding the 
staff and the attrition, etcetera, have been covered in the 
note that we have given. So, with that initial comment, I 
would like to now open this session to your questions. 
Thank you very much again for being with us this evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with 
the question-and-answer session. Anyone wishing to ask 
a question, may please press star and one on your 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line at Chandramouli Muthiah from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my 
questions. My first question is on the longer-term drivers 
around electric mobility. It appears that the European 
Union will implement Euro 7 norms in mid-2025 for cars, 
raising the CO2 non-compliance burden for some of your 
customers, they are unable to comply. 
And the European Union also last month has reiterated its 
commitment to ban ICE vehicle sales starting in 2035. So, 
in your experience working with the OEMs, how many 
years do you think it could take to develop an affordable 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 38 
 
mass market EV, in these developed markets? So just 
trying to understand the length of the ongoing electric 
vehicle R&D cycle. Is this a short-term investment cycle 
that could fizzle away? Or is there a longer strategic focus 
at the OEMs at this point? 
Kishor Patil : 
So, thank you for the question. I think if you really look at, 
I'll give you first, the broad answer. First is the European 
Union was the first one to really go for the proper 
regulations and compliance on this. Some of the 
companies in the US have also adopted it and many of 
them will be adopting it over a period of time. Then 
Japanese companies first have gone for more hybrid and 
then also electric as a combined focus. So there have been 
stages. So overall the different markets will come up, 
mature and will invest differently. 
You also have to look at the commercial vehicle market, 
which is still in the early stages of electrification. And 
there are many technologies, which are coming up, 
maturing, which are fuel cell, hydrogen, of course and 
alternate 
battery 
technologies. 
So, 
there 
will 
be 
continuously an investment into this area. 
Coming back to passenger vehicle cycle, what we see with 
our clients is typically these are, if you just look at the 
basic engine technology and engines, they have been there 
for more than 100 years and there is still new innovation 
happening every time. So actually in electrification also, 
there are many things which will happen, it will be on 
different components and also in terms of charging and 
other infrastructure. So, we believe that it will be a much 
longer cycle and at least, I would say the technologies will 
evolve at least for a decade, if not more. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 38 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. My second question is on the 
cyclicality of R&D spending at the OEMs. Historically, 
automakers have invested in R&D projects throughout 
macro cycles, as is visible from their annual filings over 
the past sort of 10 year to 15 years. There is also a school 
of thought that R&D spending could be a discretionary 
spending item for these companies, if they want to 
preserve margins in a down cycle. So, could you share your 
thoughts on this as well, please? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. So, there are basically two specific things in this area. 
First is, while it is called R&D, largely what we are focusing 
on is development and engineering. And this is  a real 
production program, right? It is all about new technology 
and this is all about new architecture, many new 
technologies being introduced and more importantly, 
integration of many of these domains. So, while it is 
classified as R&D, it is largely a development engineering 
for a specific production program or development 
program. 
As you know, one of the most important parts for the OEM 
is their brand and their market share in their respective 
key areas of focus. And if the OEMs, basically the current 
concern is, if they do not come up with these 
architectures, as there are already some companies, who 
are quiet, have already introduced that, they will lose the 
market share. So, this is not as discretionary as people 
think. It is actually more of a committed expenditure. 
There are different budgets, which have been taken out. 
And all the clients would like to introduce the product at 
the earliest to gain early mover advantage or get more 
market share. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 38 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you 
Moderator:  
The next question is for the line of Pratap Maliwal from 
Mount Infra Finance Private Limited. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
And congratulations on a good set of numbers and thank 
you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask around 
our margin guidance of 20%. So, what margin levels do we 
have going ahead? Because with the mega deals that we've 
announced, they may initially have some kind of onsite 
presence that may be needed. So, could you just help me 
understand some of the margin levels to get to that 20% 
mark? Going ahead now? 
Kishor Patil: 
So that I would first say that we have given a range 
between 19% to 20%. And if you look at last many years, 
we have improved our margins, generally on quarter-on-
quarter, but certainly year-on-year. And it has been a very 
sustainable growth in the margins. What we have been 
saying specifically is, we would of course like to keep on 
improving the margins and we had given about a three-
year window, few years back that, when we will exceed a 
20% goal. 
So, in next couple of years, we should be over 20%. The 
main thing what we are saying is, the way we operate is 
we have a certain margin, like once we get to 19% now or 
20%, the additional margins we reinvest into  growth 
areas, whether it is into new technologies, there are so 
many technologies coming up proactively to focus on that, 
so that we continue to grow and remain at the forefront 
of the technology roadmap of our clients, or whether we 
invest into people or we invest into infrastructure. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 38 
 
So that is how we make the decision. And as we get more 
comfortable around that, looking at our investments, the 
margins will hopefully expand. So, it is a cycle, which is a 
combination of what we look at is the margin plus the 
investments we make. As you may know, probably as a 
technology services company, we spend a fair amount of 
money into research and development, which we do 
report too. So that is how we look at our margin and 
investments. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Okay. Thank you for that. Now, just another question, if I 
heard correctly, that we believe that our growth in FY '24 
may be front ended for the first two quarters. So, could I 
just understand what would be driving this, our technical 
acquisition, Technical seems to have positive seasonality 
in Q3 and Q4, the second half. So, why would our growth 
is front ended now for FY '24? And if you could maybe help 
me with the technical growth numbers because I believe 
that over-performed some of our expectations, if you 
could just call that out, please? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, there are two points I would like to consider. I would 
like to mention the first about Technica is, we would  not 
give a separate number, because it is a fully integrated 
entity. The way it has performed, what we mean by better 
is it's seasonality, and we thought we were expecting the 
revenues to go down, but they did not go down, which was 
expected. So, it is not that they have exceeded the 
performance from that further, they exceeded the 
performance from the expectation perspective. So, they 
maintained the revenues that were there last quarter. 
From the seasonality perspective, what we mentioned is 
our H1 will be stronger. And it is on the back of the couple 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 38 
 
of large engagements we have won. And what we would 
like to do as a company is, we would like to ramp up as 
quickly as possible. And that's what, we would like to 
maximize in the first half. That is what we meant. And that 
doesn't mean we will not have growth in H2. It is not the 
point. We will have normal growth. But I think if you look 
at the significant growth we had for few quarters, I think 
what we are mentioning is that H1 will be stronger from 
that purpose. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Okay. Sure sir, thank you for taking my question. I will get 
back in the queue. 
Sunil Phansalkar: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Vimal Gohil 
from Alchemy Capital Management Private Limited. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Yes. So, my one of the questions on EV has been 
answered. I just wanted one bookkeeping question to be 
answered, which is the contribution that you've had from 
FMS this quarter. I believe that we started integrating the 
same. Just wanted to get a sense on how has it 
performed? Because it's been quite some time since we 
acquired it. So, vis-a-vis our expectations, how has that 
performed? How have their top clients performed if you 
can give us some details there. Thank you. 
Sunil Phansalkar: So, there is no addition of FMS revenues to this quarter’s 
numbers. That will happen in Q1. So, there is no change in 
the ownership of FMS as of this quarter, nothing has been 
added. The performance of that entity per se is in line with 
what we had expected when we did the initial stake 
acquisition, but there is no revenue that is added this 
quarter from FMS, it will happen from next quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 38 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
So, in this quarter, so on a Q-on-Q basis, the entire 12% is 
completely organic? 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
That is correct. It is 100% organic. 
Vimal Gohil: 
All right. Thank you so much, all the best.  
Sunil Phansalkar:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question that is from 
the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Hi, good evening, a great quarter. I had a couple of 
questions. So one is, a few years ago, you mentioned that 
$500 million is a target over the next couple of years, you 
seem to have already on that number. And you have 
possibly added capability through those years, through 
acquisitions or partnerships. I just wanted your thoughts 
on, in terms of capability set, when you look at the broad 
set of competition that is out there, how would you 
compare in terms of the breadth of capabilities that you 
have with the competition? And how many companies 
would have that kind of breadth.  
The second question was that when you look forward in 
terms of the next leg of the journey, what is it that you 
really need to add in terms of capability? And how do you 
think a significant part of that capability build-out is 
already in there right? So those are the two questions.  
And lastly, from, you mentioned that the initial half of the 
year will be stronger. As these deals ramp up, do you think 
that there will be initially margin dilutive to start with or 
it wouldn't be? So those are the three questions. Thank 
you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 38 
 
Kishor Patil : 
I will, most of the questions I remember, I'll start. First, I 
will answer your third question which, let me put it that it 
will not be margin dilutive. The growth will not be margin 
dilutive. Then the first question was about the 
competition. We look at competition in multiple ways. And 
I have said it before.  
But more importantly, what we see resonating with our 
clients is we are in a very unique position currently, , 
because of three things. One is a very strong focus on 
automotive and mobility. The second is a real focus on 
integration and software integration and the systems 
integration. And the third part is the breadth of the 
domains across technologies. In all these three things, I 
may say, we are reasonably uniquely positioned on that. 
While we do expect that the competition will always be 
there, we believe we are, if I would say, ahead in the curve, 
and we'll continue to invest and make that differentiation 
go further. That's how I see it. 
And the other part, what we are trying to do, as you would 
say, that every three months, six months, you will see that 
we are making some moves and which are again, unique 
in the industry. Maybe you can look at what we are doing 
right now, creating an independent company for 
productizing, which will create a lot of opportunity for 
KPIT by itself in terms of integration, but more in terms of 
standardization in the industry. So, we feel very good 
about it. And the focus and the trusted partnerships we 
have with the client, along with the capabilities which we 
have built, puts us in a unique spot. What was your third 
question? So, capabilities, it is a very interesting question 
because the markets are moving very fast in terms of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 38 
 
technology adoption, we have to be on our feet and every 
month, two months, we see a few things which are coming 
up. 
So, the way we look at it is in two buckets. One is we keep 
on looking at technologies, which are here and now, which 
will get adopted into the vehicles. The second, what we 
do as a part of the CTO organization and otherwise is work 
on technologies which will get adopted three years down 
the line. In both the parts, we do sometimes see new 
opportunities for new technologies coming up. These are 
areas where we work on. 
Of course, while we have capabilities, as you know, 
autonomous or other areas are very important part and 
various areas of strength for us, but we do believe some 
of the areas in terms of cloud, AI analytics for this specific 
domain, not generic skills, but for this specific domain will 
be an area which we are investing internally very 
significantly and may be scaled up more in the future. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. That's helpful. Thank you so much and all the 
best.  
Sunil Phansalkar:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain 
from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, two questions. One was on the deal pipeline, like we 
obviously have won few large deals last year, but how are 
things here at the end of fourth quarter versus, say, last 
year or last quarter. And the second one is related to the 
sharp increase on the T&M side. So is it fair to say that 
some of these large deals and the ramp-ups that we have 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 38 
 
witnessed, they are more on time and material side. And 
incrementally, we should see less of fixed price. And 
therefore, despite having more T&M, we should still expect 
significant margin expansion ahead? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Hi, Mohit. This is Sachin Tikekar. In terms of the 
engagements and the pipeline, you may have noticed that 
over the last many quarters, we have consistently shown 
growth. And we believe that the trend will continue in the 
new year. Specifically, there are two types. So, you heard 
of two specific announcements about Renault as well as 
Honda, similar kinds of things have been happening with 
many of our other OEM T25 clients over the years. 
It's just that some of them have been happening 
incrementally and some of them have happened, and we 
didn't announce them or the client didn't want us to 
announce them. So, from that perspective, I think there 
were unique situations that we specifically came out and 
talked specifically about Honda and Renault. The point 
that I'm trying to make is our focus continues to be on 
these T25 clients. And as Mr. Patil explained earlier on, the 
focus is to go deep and wide as they go through the 
transformation as we engage with them deeper and wider, 
we are seeing more and more areas where they need help, 
and we are building capabilities to sort of provide help in 
different areas. 
So, one point is, earlier it was about one practice getting 
into it. Now there are collective practices going into it and 
so forth. And the third part is in order to solve some of 
their larger problems, we are also counting on some of our 
ecosystem alliances to provide larger solutions. I know it's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 38 
 
kind of a long answer to your short question, but I do hope 
that it throws some light on it. 
Mohit Jain: 
And if you could please add something on US side, like we 
have been doing large deals across Europe or Japan in this 
case, but what is happening with the US OEM side? 
Pipeline, maybe something expected in ‘24 anything will 
help? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Absolutely. And then we'll come back to your T&M 
question. Specifically, US, we had a reasonable growth in 
US during last year. This year also, we expect robust 
growth from our existing clients, especially the OEMs, and 
they continue to go through transformation. As you know, 
electrification goals, US companies or OEMs have also set 
up electrification goals. They also have their road map in 
terms of level of autonomy that they want to build. 
And most importantly, to sort of change their model and 
engagement with their consumers, they're also trying to 
build some models. So, along these lines, we see more and 
more engagements with the existing clients that we have 
in the US. And on the West Coast, as you know, there are 
certain new OEMs that are coming up we are working with 
two or three of them. These are early days, and we'll see 
how things unfold with them. But that's the additional part 
in the US that we thought we should sort of bring to your 
notice. 
But overall net-net, we're going to see fairly balanced 
growth across the three geographies. Some geographies 
will do slightly better than the others, but we see a fairly 
robust growth across the key geographies. Now about your 
specific questions on the T&M side, you're right that it has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 38 
 
actually gone up. And the reason is there are three or four 
transformation programs that we have started and 
especially what you may call software-defined vehicles or 
software-defined mobility program. As you know, these 
are the programs that everybody is doing for the first time. 
So, there is no precedence to it. 
And to define what needs to be done, we have to work 
very closely with the client in terms of what needs to get 
done. And this process can take up to a year. And during 
the course, so to us, T&M or fixed price is just a 
commercial understanding. Please know that the type of 
engagement remains the same, which is we are taking 
accountability for the work that we are doing. So, we are 
accountable for the work that we are doing for them in 
the software-defined vehicle. It's just that things are not 
defined. It's more on T&M. As they get more defined, we 
can move some of that into fixed price. But the nature of 
the engagement doesn't change, Mohit. 
Mohit Jain: 
Understood. And sir, T&M also goes in things with higher 
on-site or it could be like T&M goes up, but my offshore 
also remain same? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Not necessarily, it's fairly balanced. And even if isn’t, it’s 
not very noticeable. As I mentioned, it takes about a year. 
So, during the year, it's about the same at the end of the 
day. 
Mohit Jain:  
Understood sir Thank you very much, that’s all. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
 
Thank you, Mohit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak 
Rao from Qber asset Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 38 
 
Deepak Rao: 
Hi, congratulations Ravi, Kishor, Sachin, Anup and the 
family on awesome result. So, my first question is, I think 
you dwelled on the CTO organizations fall, but the specific 
question is, in the areas of semiconductor, the area of 
hydrogen fuel vehicles, in the area of transportation 
domains adjacent to your present sub verticals. What's 
been the competency development? What is the business 
development actions? And essentially, what is the market 
saying what are you doing to address those things? 
Anup Sable: 
So, I will take one by one. I think from a semicon 
perspective, we believe that our relationship with the 
semiconductor companies and our ability to interact with 
them, discuss with them and create solutions with them 
are very critical for our strategic customers, which are 
largely OEMs. So, we are basically making sure that we are 
aware of the road map, we are aware of all the new 
developments that are happening in this space relevant to 
our industry and especially our strategic customers. 
So that is from a semiconductor perspective. From a 
hydrogen fuel perspective, I think there are two elements 
of hydrogen fuel. Hydrogen fuel being used in combustion 
engines and hydrogen fuel being used as fuel cells. In both 
these areas, we are very much in the technology. We 
understand the elements of what goes inside and we have 
experimented a lot with that. And as this activities shape 
up with our customers, we are in a very good position to 
handle them. As far as transformation into adjacent fields, 
I presume you are talking more about other relevant areas 
like electric vertical, off road, railways, aero vertical take-
off. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 38 
 
We believe that in the current industry that we are 
operating and the current circumstances that we have, 
that means huge amount of changes happening, multiple 
dimensions of changes happening in the automotive 
space, the passenger car, and the commercial vehicle 
space that there is enough on the plate for next couple of 
years. So, we will focus on, what our strategic customer 
requirements are, what are the technology gaps that they 
have and what are the problems that they have? And focus 
on the solutions for that. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, I'll just add to what Anup mentioned is that, so in all 
these three areas, we have already seen, even though 
initial technologies like even in case of hydrogen, we are 
seeing early signs of integration business coming up at a 
vehicle level, etcetera. So even in semicon, basically, it is 
about the integration of the middleware and at a lower 
level, integration of the software in semicon. 
So, we see those opportunities. But coming back to your 
question on adjacencies, as we see a longer-term demand 
with our clients and our area of focus, we will initiate 
something at the end of the year or early next year, where 
we will start exploring adjacencies. But that we may not 
take it up as soon, but we'll start maybe seeding certain 
technologies or make some efforts next year or in the next 
couple of years. 
Deepak Rao: 
Yes. Got it. Focus is good. The second question I have is 
the KPIT ZF product and the KPIT does the services part, 
obviously, you thought of it, but what is the thought 
behind if it's a standardized product, how is your client, 
European client of Honda be able to differentiate between 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 38 
 
other car manufacturers, if they're using a standardized 
product. 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. So, let me define, what a Middleware is from a 
definition perspective, right? So, the Middleware is the 
essential component of software that fits between the 
application and the hardware to a very simple definition 
for it. This part of software, we are talking about the 
Middleware has to make the life of the application 
development easier. But that means the Middleware is the 
most complex piece of software. And it is like a 
fundamental infrastructure for the application software to 
run in.  
Now, when we basically talk about standardization in this 
piece of software, it does not mean that it deprives the 
OEM to create a differentiation through the application 
software. So, if you look at how each OEM will derive their 
strategy or drive their strategy, in terms of differentiation, 
it will be through application software and the calibration 
of application software and that has really nothing to do 
with, how the middleware is standardized. In fact, the 
standardization of middleware would make their life 
easier in terms of launching their application software 
faster into the vehicle. 
Deepak Rao: 
Thanks very much. It's been a pleasure following your 
story and your journey and congratulations ones again. 
Anup Sable: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin 
Sharma from M C Pro Research. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 38 
 
Nitin Sharma: 
Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on good 
set of numbers. I got two questions. What kind of 
employee addition you're looking for, given the guidance 
of 27% to 30% in FY '24. And how do you see utilization 
levels to this year? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, the first thing is that, at a high level, we do not really 
report on these parameters, basically because we gave a 
very clear outlook for the revenue. We talked about the 
programs. We talked about the flexibility in that. As long 
as we manage the revenues and the margins, that's how 
we would like you to look at it.  
But overall, at a company level, just to give you a historical 
reference, last year, we were about 8,200, this year, we 
are 11,000 plus so, addition of about 35% or so. And what 
we do is running two quarters we have our revenue 
visibility, and we do detailed planning based on that. And 
that's how we're planning. But coming back to your 
question, we see a very strong requirement for talent. 
And we basically address it in a couple of ways. One is the 
fresher’s we take and we have to improve, we keep on 
improving the quality, in terms of different places in India 
and outside India. And that, of course, is something which 
we try to increase, but looking at the complexity of our 
programs, we are in a business where we cannot absorb 
as much as some of the IT companies can do. So that is 
one point.  
The second point is attrition, which has come down 
significantly for the last couple of quarters. We are at mid-
teens and we expect that to continue, if not go down. So, 
that also is a very important factor when we look at how 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 38 
 
many people we will hire and how. So based on these two, 
we plan things. And we feel the environment is much 
better than last year to hire and have enough talent to 
deliver to our commitments. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Understood. And one bookkeeping question. So, your 
employee cost went up significantly in this quarter. So, is 
there a one-time item or there is some shift towards 
higher wage costs going right? 
Priya Hardikar: 
It is purely based on headcount additions pertaining to the 
group, the employee cost. Your quarter-on-quarter cost is 
what you referred to, right? 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes. So even if I look at per employee basis costs as well, 
it seems to have gone up around 8% Q & Q. So, we are 
trying to understand with the something abnormal 
onetime item is there, or new additions are at higher, some 
color would be helpful? 
Sunil Phansalkar: So, , of course, there is a growth in the employee number. 
And per employee, I understand your question is more 
about per employee cost. So, we have promotions, which 
are there every quarter. And it more or less depends on 
that and also on the mix of hiring. So, there is nothing 
which is onetime or abnormal in this quarter. It is just a 
part of the regular promotion cycles and the natural hiring 
that we have done during the quarter. 
Nitin Sharma: 
 
Understood. Thanks sir. 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
Thank you. 
Modeartor: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deval 
Shah from RBSA Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 38 
 
Deval Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. So, my question pertains to more 
on the competition. So, I was just trying to understand, 
where this industry competitive landscape is going. So, 
while I completely understand that six years, seven years 
we have debt, which probably reeling to the industries. 
That could be a chance that the OEM might developing 
their own in-house capability, like I read somewhere that, 
Fox Governance created a company for Vehicle OS by the 
name of Carrier or so. And they already have 6,000 
employees working in that. So is there a chance that, the 
technology company would emerge from the OEM circle 
only. And at the same time, the follow-on question, on 
that is that, probably like what Microsoft OS is very 
prominent in the PCs, would there be a chance in the 
future, where there will be a one vehicle OS product, 
which will be used by many of the OEMs in order to have 
a standardization and on top of that, which software we 
will built. So, just wanted to understand your thought on 
this. 
Sachin Tikekar : 
Deval,  your observation is on the money, the competition 
landscape is changing. If you look at the ecosystem of the 
industry from chip to cloud and everybody in between, 
everybody is trying to figure out, what their role is, given 
the disruption brought in by software. And now everybody 
is trying to get that little piece of software in there. So, 
it's an evolving trend and everybody is trying to figure out 
where they can create value and how they can make 
money.  
 
Having said that, we are a software company. And as you 
said, we do have a head start. And you're saying five years 
to seven years, we appreciate that. But we do believe that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 38 
 
there is a head start, and we need to continue to hone our 
skills and get close to the OEMs as much as possible. And 
that's exactly what we've been doing. If you look at how 
OEMs perceive us, they see us as their software integrator. 
So, we are closer to them. So that, we can help them 
define their road map towards SDV and beyond and sort 
of help them, not only define it but also execute. This is 
where the bulk of the business actually comes. So, it's an 
evolving landscape. 
And to your point, in some ways, to us, other than the 
OEMs, everybody is a competitor or an alliance, correct? 
So, it will keep on evolving over a period of time. And that's 
why we made a very conscious decision to really focus 
more and more on the OEMs and work with them in a 
trusted partnership manner.  
Your second question was on the OEMs building their own 
software capabilities. And if you look at OEMs till about a 
few years ago, did not have software capabilities. They 
actually got hardware and software bundled together 
from some of the large tier 1s. So, they didn't keep as 
much software with them. And if some of it is going to be 
the differentiator as they desegregate software from 
hardware, it's important that they build core capabilities 
of their own in future. 
And you are seeing that, Cariad is one example. But if you 
look at most of the large OEMs, that's the case with some 
of them. And some of the new age OEMs were actually 
software companies that became automotive companies. 
And this is like any other business if that's going to be a 
differentiator you need to build core capabilities. it's just 
that the work of software is going to be so much that they 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 38 
 
may not be able to do everything on their own, not now, 
not in future because it may not make sense. What they 
will do is what's going to be core to them and everything 
else our guess is they're going to trust their key partners 
to do for them. So that's not just the trend for today but 
that will continue to be the trend in future. So that's about 
your question on the OEMs. And the last part was about 
whether there is going to be, you gave an example of 
Microsoft operating system which is so essentially, 
whether anything is going to get commoditized right in 
some ways that's what you're referring to and then… 
Deval Shah: 
Not commoditized sorry not exactly commoditized it's 
more about having the central over system which will have 
you know cornered the entire market and upon which the 
entire PC industry was evolved so in that sense I was 
coming. 
Sachin Tikekar : 
Yes, so it's an interesting question. The automotive OEMs 
is a small world and in some areas that can happen and 
Mr. Sable, our CTO who talked about Qorix in that regard, 
you know when we talk about the middleware and 
architecture and some of the OEMs will go in that way and 
having said that it may happen. However the application 
feature which continues to be a differentiator, that's going 
to be the core work that OEMs will have to continue to do 
in future and they may have to depend on partners like us 
to get that done. 
Deval Shah: 
Okay and that is the reason even I am excited to know 
more about your Qorix. So, quarters probably, after two 
quarters, three quarters you may want to give us some 
more insight on your Qorix. And just one thing on the 
employees so just a very basic question so when I look at 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 38 
 
your employee cost I understand it's a quite higher than 
the whatever the other industry player may not be your 
exact competitors so is it because of the we are paying a 
higher amount for a niche tech talent or it's more of a sun-
blowing kind of we are building up the capability and 
probably in future we had that operating leverage kicking 
in, so what is the scenario? 
Kishor Patil : 
Yes, I think there are two-three points in that, one is 
naturally we have to be a net talent creator because of 
the size and the scale we have in this domain and the 
growth we are having. So from that perspective really for 
talent acquisition we look at tier 1s and some of the OEMs 
and some technology companies. So, to some extent we 
have to provide a very quick growth for the deserving 
candidates so that is a point number one. But the 
important point is as I mentioned the fresher’s which we 
can induct into the overall ecosystem is probably lesser 
than many companies which go like 75%, 80% while we 
are more towards 35%, 40% and maybe we have to do a 
better job on that over the period we will do that but that 
also increases our cost but our realization our contribution 
per person and those ratios are better in that. 
Deval Shah:  
Okay. And all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani 
from Sahasrar Capital. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Hello 
good 
evening. 
So, 
our 
revenue 
per 
development employee for this quarter has jumped 
significantly and if I look at it historically, we have been at 
$50,000 and now it we went down to around $41,000 and 
now we are at $48,000 so I wanted to understand what 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 38 
 
happened in this quarter was it high volumes or was it a 
better pricing and what other factors do affect this 
number? 
Sunil Phansalkar: So, if you look at the movement of the per employee 
revenue yes it has moved in the range that you mentioned 
so we had said last year if you look at it there was a shift 
from on site to offshore for some of the large 
engagements we had earlier started and that was the 
reason why the revenue per employee went down. 
If you look at it now, this quarter and of course last 
quarter also I think it was up from the earlier quarter. See 
the hirings, if you look at the last year at least in the  first 
two quarters, three quarters the hiring was very strong as 
compared to the growth and now we are looking at 
improving what you may call as utilization but really the 
net realization that we have per person which is a mix of 
our rates, our utilization ratios and also the amount of 
used assets that we can use in delivery and all of those 
things. So, I think it is a combination of these factors that 
has resulted in the increase in per person revenue. 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. And just a clarification when you talked about 
the middleware so the middleware is like a Linux, Kernel 
on which people build Ubuntu and Fedora desktop so that 
way OEMs will build their Fedora and Ubuntu on that 
right? Is that what you are trying to build? 
Anup Sable: 
Slightly maybe a little bit of technically different 
comparison Ubuntu and Fedora are somewhat like a 
distribution of Linux that means they are very specifically 
supported as Linux versions, whereas you could think 
about this as a Microsoft Word or a PowerPoint on top of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 38 
 
Windows. So, Windows is actually like a middleware and 
the office that you see on top or any application additional 
application on the top is what we call as application, the 
OEM application. Did I answer your question? 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Yes, thank you. Sir just one more question. So, I 
wanted to understand right now what is the situation on 
middleware? Is it not standardized much or how are OEMs 
doing that right now? 
Anup Sable: 
In the past there was no concept of middleware since the 
architecture was a distributed architecture and the way 
that the OEM sourced electronics or software was 
primarily through sourcing an electronic control unit or a 
hardware including software from a tier 1. In the future 
what is going to happen is OEM, because it wants an 
integrated software or an integrated user experience 
inside the vehicle and I can give you an example. For 
example, if you use a voice assist feature and you want to 
open your boot based on a voice command. 
So, in the previous case it was difficult because the boot 
controller used to come from a different tier 1 and the 
voice recognition device used to come from a different tier 
1. So, there was a lot of money, the money and pain that 
was being spent on integrating these two together. Now 
in the new scheme of things most of these application 
software that will open the boot as well as which will 
recognize the voice will be an application developed by 
the OEM themselves so it will be easier for them to 
integrate this together to create a great experience for the 
user and that is where the new architectures are moving 
and that is the main change that is happening in the 
industry. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 38 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s very helpful. 
Management: 
Thank you. And since Anup's time is very valuable and he's 
given a very valuable comment, we'll be sending a bill to 
you. Sorry, on a lighter note. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay 
Ramnani from Axis Capital. 
Akshay Ramnani: Hi, congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is 
on the guidance. So if I look at your guidance and try to 
tie it up with your commentary of a stronger front-ended 
growth led by the mega deal ramp up, it looks like even at 
the top end of the guidance there is a significant 
slowdown which the guidance is building in H2.So I 
wanted to understand that is the guidance conservative or 
is there an offshore shift which is anticipated in H2 which 
is keeping that low or is there anything else to understand 
here? 
Kishor Patil : 
So, the first thing is if you think 27% to 30% is a 
conservative guidance, I will be surprised. Hopefully you 
appreciate what we have been always giving as an outlook. 
So, our philosophy is we are giving the guidance, which 
certainly, we can live by. And it is based on the current 
pipeline, which is pretty visible and of course, the current 
engagements we have. We do also factor any risk if at all, 
if it might come in, during the year. 
More importantly, in last couple of calls, we also 
mentioned that we are also leaving some of the long-tail 
accounts on the table, we are just ensuring that, our focus 
is sharper and of course, to your valid point, we will make 
some more shift towards offshore for sure. So, with all the 
combinations, this is what we get, which is, we believe, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 38 
 
something pretty reasonable. I would not say, it's a very 
conservative versus, it's very aggressive. So, it's something 
a middle path, I would put. 
Akshay Ramnani: Got that. And second one was on the acquisitions. Over 
the past 18 months you have done multiple acquisitions, 
which are supposed to be acquired in tranches. So, it 
would be good, if you can share an update on that, how 
much of stake for these acquisitions, we have acquired till 
now and what is the type of pay-outs, which we are 
expecting in FY '24? 
Sunil Phamsalkar : 
So, if you look at the acquisitions that, we have 
done, it is Technica, PathPartner, Somit, and FMS. As we 
have said, when we have done these, there would be 
payments that will happen basis performance. For 
Technica, for example, the total maximum pay-out can go 
to about EUR 110 million. We have a fixed payment that 
will come up in this quarter, which will be roughly about 
EUR 20 million. 
And then earn-outs over the next two years, which can go 
up to EUR 30 million at the max. So that's the pay-outs 
that, will happen for Technica. For FMS, the pay-outs for 
all 100% acquisition, will happen this year, and they would 
be in the range of about EUR 15 million. And for 
PathPartner, it could be in the range of about INR 50 crores 
to INR 60 crores, for the balance stake that, we need to 
acquire, which will also happen in this year. 
Akshay Ramnani: Got that. That’s helpful. Those were my two questions. 
Thank you, understood. Thanks. 
Sunil Phansalkar:  
Thank you, Akshay 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 38 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika 
Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go ahead. Anika, your 
line is in muted. Please go ahead 
Anika Mittal: 
 
Hello, am I audible now. 
Moderator:  
Yes, ma’am. Please go ahead 
Anika Mittal: 
My first question is on the new company, which will be 
incorporated with ZF Group or how the structuring plan is 
and how the revenue will be shared. Is it based on the 
[expertise structure 01:03:22]? 
Kishor Patil: 
Structuring. It will be a basically, currently it's a 100% 
subsidiary of KPIT. May be Priya, you can compare. 
Priya Hardikar: 
Yes. So Qorix, right now, is set up as a 100% subsidiary of 
KPIT. As Mr. Patil and Pandit explained that the regulatory 
approval process in Germany will take a few months. And 
after that, additional share capital will be issued to ZF and 
an independent company will be formed, few more 
partners are also expected to join in later. But at present, 
it is our subsidiary. 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is, can about you provide some 
guidance. Reasons by the CFO say, divided by EBITDA ratio, 
which may consistently 100% in earlier year has decreased 
to 73% in financial ’23? 
Sunil Phansalkar: If I understood your question correctly, you're asking for 
some guidance on the conversion, cash conversion and 
CFO as a percentage of EBITDA. As you rightly said, that 
has been on the higher side, but we would not like to give, 
put any number. All we can say is that we'll continue to 
have focus on cash conversion, and that would be one of 
our important parameters to look at. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 34 of 38 
 
Anika Mittal: 
 
Sir, can you provide the reasons why it has 
decreased in this, yes?  
Sunil Phansalkar: So, if you look at this year, we have said there were some 
pay-outs that, we have done already for the acquisitions 
that we have made, and there are dividend pay-outs and 
the capex. So, these are some reasons. There is one thing 
apart from these reasons that, we mention every quarter 
in the Investor Update, we mention the capex numbers 
and the pay-outs that we have done, per acquisition.  
Kishor Patil: 
So, there were some long-term employee incentives, 
which we have paid, during this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niket Shah 
from Motilal Oswal AMC. Please go ahead. 
Niket Shah: 
Thank for the opportunity. And congrats on a very good 
set of numbers. I just have one question on the KPIT ZF 
thing. I just wanted to understand, what is the scope of 
work that KPIT and ZF, so what are each of these 
companies is to going bring on table? And the second 
question was, if you can just highlight us the size of 
opportunity, which can get created from year over the 
longer term. I do understand, you don't want to give near-
term numbers or guidance’s, but maybe a little more 
medium-term view, would be really helpful? 
Kishor Patil: 
Basically, both KPIT, basically, first, it is a KPIT subsidiary. 
So, we will have some of the IPs, which we have in this 
domain, we'll move it to the subsidiary., We signed an 
agreement with ZF, for a common development last year, 
18 months back or so. So, we have been developing certain 
software with a common road map. That will also get into 
the subsidiary. And in addition to that, as Mr. Pandit 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 35 of 38 
 
mentioned, we will invest about 5 million in cash, during 
the next three months to six months, and another 5 million 
in 12-18 months. That's what, we will do. So how much the 
others will do, we will announce once,  once we have the 
announcement made by the ZF and agreement is signed. 
Management: 
 
The second part of the question on the size of 
opportunity. 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes, so as I mentioned, it's a new start-up kind of 
condition, we are very, very excited about it because we 
have seen this opportunity from working with many clients 
and be along with, ZF along with some potential partners. 
We do believe this is an opportunity as the earlier 
discussion in terms of creating another industry leader, in 
this domain. That's what we think. The opportunity, it's 
very important because, as KPIT has been a software 
integration partner, though we continue to have IPs as well 
as accelerators. 
So that we do continue to have. But it's very hard to have 
a product company and a services company, both in terms 
of culture and it's also, to some extent, it's also a potential 
conflict in certain cases. So, we believe that the way, we 
have set this up will be to capture the maximum share 
from the market and could be a potential leader. That's 
what, we believe. 
KPIT will remain a system software integrator. And for 
these areas, we would have a natural advantage apart 
from the fact that, it also gives us opportunity to work, 
which we continue to work in any alternative products, if 
at all they come or if OEM chooses to develop their own. 
So that becomes a very clearer model to KPIT. So, it really 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 36 of 38 
 
makes it a clearer separation between the product and 
the services business. It protects and potentially increases 
our opportunity in services significantly. And second, it 
puts us in a very significantly good phase, where the 
integrations could be easily between 3x to 4x of revenue 
of the independent company. 
Niket Shah:  
Got the point, sir. Perfect. Thank you so much, I will come 
back again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last 
question. That is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you and congratulations for a very strong quarter. 
Just one question. On the large deal, I understand that 
maybe over the life of the deal the margins remain the 
same but how does it evolve over the course of the deal 
of the day, when it's ramping up? Because my 
understanding is that, you might have some initial 
investment, which should be concluded when the deal 
starts to ramp-up, which might hurt margins in the short 
term, maybe for a couple of quarters before the deal fully 
ramps-up.  
So, can you just throw some light on that, how should we 
look about margins, so in large deals over the course of 
the deal, when it ramps-up? 
Sachin Tikekar : 
Bhavik, good to have you on the call and thanks for the 
question. 
Typically, 
these 
are 
all 
longer-term 
engagements, and they're different in nature. So, there is 
no specific model, where investments are all upfront or so 
forth. But in certain cases, we do have to invest, make 
some investment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 37 of 38 
 
Usually that happens for the first one quarters or two 
quarters. After that, it pretty much evens out. That's how 
it works. And that's been the case with some of the larger 
engagements that we have announced in the recent past 
and some of the ones that we've been doing, for the last 
few years. 
Kishor Patil: 
But just to add on this, what Mr. Tikekar mentioned, these 
are not very significant investments. These are relatively 
smaller investments, mainly to initially set it up and some 
related infrastructure relatively not so significant.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
OK, got it. And just to follow up on that, in the large deal, 
you typically start initially with higher on-site billing and 
then gradually move it offshore over the course of the day, 
or you can start it directly from the offshore location right 
from the beginning? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
See some of these clients, the OEMs, many of them, we've 
been working with them for quite some time and we've 
been engaged with them and we have had some business 
with them for a long period of time. And given all of that, 
in most cases, there is no real difference that we see. 
And it can happen during the course of the different cycles 
of the project. So, it's nothing, as I had mentioned earlier 
on, it's negligible, if any, during the course of the entire 
program.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
 
Okay, okay, got it. This is very helpful. Thanks. 
Anup Sable: 
Yes, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
Page 38 of 38 
 
Sunil Phansalkar: So, thank you all for your participation in the call, and you 
have a great evening. Thank you and take care, bye. Thank 
you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you.  
