 
Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
  20th February, 2023 
 
  Ref:- GHL/2022-23/EXCH/029 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the below link of transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 
Tuesday, February 14, 2023 hosted by JM Financials, for the Quarter III & Nine Months ended 
December 31, 2022 Results of the Company.  
https://www.medanta.org/investor_relations/quarterly-financial-results/conference-call-transcript  
 
The Transcript is also attached herewith for your reference. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For Global Health Limited     
 
 
 
 
 
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL RANJAN 
Date: 2023.02.20 
15:58:49 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
Q3 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND DIRECTOR – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED – MEDANTA 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. CYNDRELLA CARVALHO – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Global Health Limited “Medanta” Q3 
FY2022-23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star than zero, on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. Some of the statements made in today's call will be forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Please refer page number two, of the 
investor presentation for full disclaimer. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks Faizan. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all today, on behalf of JM Financials, 
I Cyndrella Carvalho, we are hosting the first call of Global Health Limited Medanta. We will 
be discussing quarter 3 for FY '23 earnings, insight with the management today. At the outset, I 
thank the management of Global Health for giving us this opportunity to host this call. From the 
management team today, we have with us Dr. Dr. Naresh Trehan, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Pankaj Sahni, Group CEO and Director; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Group CFO; Mr. 
Ravi Gothwal, Head Investor Relations.  
I will now hand over the call to Dr. Trehan for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
Dr. 
Dr. Naresh Trehan: 
Thank you Cyndrella. And good evening to all of you, and welcome to Medanta’ s first ever 
earnings call as the public listed entity. As you all know, the company got listed on 16 of 
November ’22, and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all our patients, our doctors, our 
employees, our partners and now our shareholders, who have joined us in this journey. For the 
benefit of all participants, I would like to quickly share the reasons for creating Medanta, that is 
why Medanta. 
If you step back in history, I graduated from King George Medical College Lucknow, and on 
completion of my internship, I left for the United States. I joined New York University in New 
York, where Dr. Frank Spencer, who was considered the greatest teacher of heart surgery, was 
heading the whole program. I was lucky enough to get the job, for which I interviewed for and 
after finishing my training at NYU for general surgery and, then cardiac surgery,the University 
asks me to stay on, as faculty. So I joined the faculty of NYU and was teaching and practicing 
cardiac surgery as well as doing research in cardiac surgery.  
Soon after I went into practice, a large number of Indian patients would come to New York for 
me to do their coronary bypass surgery because we were the first generation of coronary bypass 
surgeons. It became quite clear to me that for everyone, who could come to the US for their 
surgery, there were hundreds or even thousands, who were in India who needed bypass surgery, 
but could not afford to come to the United States. So that is how my journey back to India started. 
First with the establishment of Escorts Heart Institute, which was a collaboration between Mr. 
H P Nanda,  Chairman of Escorts, the tractor company, and myself. On completion of the Escort 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Heart Institute, I returned to India, and I ran it for the next 20 years. While I was at Escort Heart 
Institute, it was very clear that although we had made it into the largest Heart Institute in the 
world, that there was still big deficiencies in other specialties. When a patient needed, say, 
neurosurgery or gastroenterology or urology the standard of medicine was not the same as it was 
at the heart level.  This difference between the standards at Escorts Heart Institute and the other 
non cardiac specialties was quite stark. 
So the patients were not getting the best of treatment across all specialties. Hence, the thought 
came to me that we needed to build an institution, which would be like Mayo Clinic or Cleveland 
Clinic, where all super specialists of world class could practice on the same platform and provide 
patients the finest medicine that is available anywhere in the world, at a fraction of the cost. Thus 
began the planning and execution of Medanta, the Medicity, which is built on a 43-acre campus 
in Gurgaon. 
We have built the hospitals, which is 1,400 beds with all super specialties. We opened at the end 
of 2009, actually to early 2010 and since then, the journey has been quite exciting, quite fulfilling 
and quite successful. The whole idea being that we were able to execute the best treatment for 
any patients that came to us, in the most difficult of circumstances, our outcomes would be equal 
to or better than those of anybody in the world. So having started with this objectivewe rapidly 
achieved success and in the first 15 months, we broke even. 
Our patients and their families embraced the idea of Medanta. It was by nature designed to be 
the, Cleveland Clinic or Mayo Clinic of the East. So then we felt that since this standard had 
been set and the acceptance was so huge, that other people also needed this kind of care in 
different locations. After we knew that we had robust protocols and that we have system, which 
was strongly rooted, we did our second greenfield facility in Lucknow, which is approximately 
a 1,000 beds and this became operational a little over two years ago. Soon after we began it has 
become very successful. 
With the success of Lucknow, it became clear to us that the idea of transporting the Medanta 
standard to other locations was possible. We wanted to maintain the same standards we have in 
Gurgaon in Lucknow and now in Patna. On the side, we picked up smaller facilities in Ranchi 
and Indore. Now we have our sixth facility coming out of the ground in Noida. We are carrying 
on the same ethics, the same philosophy, the same quality of care that we had established in 
Gurgaon, to all our patients whether they may be at Lucknow, Patna, Ranchi or Indore. So the 
movement is going on and has been very satisfying and successful. 
All the facilities are doing well but our  essential belief is that if you deliver the highest quality 
of care, with compassion and at an affordable cost so that more and more people can benefit of 
this kind of system then you will always have success. I have often said that good medicine will 
make good business, but good business does not make good medicine. 
With this focus, we have traveled to other parts of the country. We serve over 400 million Indians 
in the heartland of India and this story will go on and on. I will now hand over to our Group 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
CEO, Mr. Pankaj Sahni to walk you through the numbers and results and the future plans. Thank 
you.  
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Dr. Trehan.  
I will share with you some of the highlights that Dr. Trehan had mentioned have got us still 
today. As Dr. Trehan mentioned, we started our hospital at the end of 2009 in Gurgaon, that was 
a 43-acre campus and from there, over the course of the last -12 years, we have grown to five 
operating hospitals. We have hospitals in Lucknow, Patna, Indore and Ranchi, in addition to 
Gurgaon and we are building our sixth hospital in Noida. Our Lucknow Hospital started in 2019 
and currently has about 475 beds, with the capacity to scale up to 950 beds. We are already 
adding beds in that facility as we speak. 
Our Patna hospital, which started in January 2022, has a capacity of 650 beds and is currently 
operating with 330 beds. We are adding capacity and adding operating rooms in both Lucknow 
and Patna. The two of smaller facilities are in Indore and Ranchi. Indore is at 175 beds and 
Ranchi at 200 beds. Those hospitals were launched in 2014 and 2015. Our latest hospital, which 
is our Noida hospital, will be 550 beds, and is expected to come on board in financial year 2025. 
As you can see, and as Dr. Trehan mentioned, we currently have about 400 million people living 
in the states where Medanta hospitals are present, and we really cover a large part of the 
population heartland of the country. In addition to this, if you look at our presence, we have 
diversified out of Medanta Gurgaon across almost five or six different cities, thereby ensuring 
that we have a good diverse mix of hospitals across different areas. 
The most important thing is the way in which Medanta delivers its healthcare. We have a unique 
model of delivery, which focuses on ensuring that we operate at the highest end of care. We 
have been rewarded for delivering exceptional clinical care. This comes with having exceptional 
clinical talent, and cutting-edge infrastructure and technology. In fact, our infrastructure is 
comparable to some of the leading institutions in the world. We have built a very strong value 
system around delivering high-end and high integrity care and also having very robust processes. 
If you look at the way in which we deliver care, we really operate at a very complex level. Our 
facilities across the 2,500 beds that are currently operational, have almost 70 operating rooms. 
About 30% of our bed capacity is critical care or ICU beds. This shows that we are really focused 
on providing care at a very high end and of avery complex nature. We employ our doctors on a 
full time basis. We have over 1,400 doctors. We have been fortunate to get some of the best 
talent in the country to work for us across our units and that is why a lot of the care we deliver 
is really ‘destination care’. 
Our patients do not only come to us from the community or the neighborhood where our 
hospitals are located, but they also come to us from around the country and indeed from around 
the world. That is why we have come to be known as the last stop in Indian health care. Thus, 
the way we are set up and the way we think is to  ensure the delivery of complex care at the 
highest end. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
I will now share with you some of the performance parameters over the course of the last nine 
months, that is, the nine-month ending 31st December 2022.  
If you look at our performance, we have been able to deliver robust performance across all of 
the key performance indicators. Our consolidated total income was about INR 20,273 million, 
and that grew by 21% year-on-year. This growth has been driven by a variety of factors, 
including growth in patient volumes, growth in our bed occupied days as well as changes in 
specialty and payor mix. Our EBITDA was INR 4,856 million, and that hasa growth of 22%, 
with very strong EBITDA margins at 24%. Our profit after tax showing even greater growth at 
26% has come in at INR 2,250 million and our PAT margins have improved to 11.1%. 
During this period, we have been able to add about 167 new beds. This includes 65 beds in 
Lucknow and 102 beds in our Patna hospital. As I mentioned earlier, this bed addition continues 
as we speak. We continue to add capacity, not only in our existing hospitals, but we also will be 
adding capacity in our upcoming hospitals. We will talk a little bit more about that shortly. One 
important point to mention is that, as we continue to add bed capacity, the appropriate metric to 
look at for us is bed occupied days, which have actually increased year-on-year in nine-month 
period by about 11%. 
Also our ARPOB has grown by 8.5% to INR 58,494 in the 9M FY23. This growth is driven by 
increased contribution from higher complex specialties as well as the lowering of the 
contribution from internal medicine. As COVID recedes, we see the revenue from internal 
medicine as a percentage of the total revenue reducing and a greater share shifting towards the 
complex specialties that we are known for. 
When I look at our inpatient count, it increased by 32%. Our outpatient count has increased by 
12% during this period. International revenue also sees an increase of 83% to INR 1,197 million, 
and that is driven by increased volume in international patient admissions. You would be aware 
that there was a dip in international admissions because of the COVID pandemic. That seems to 
be coming back as we speak and we see improvements in the international volumes quarter on 
quarter. 
And lastly, our in-house pharmacy business has been doing very well. That continues to register 
strong growth. Our outpatient pharmacy revenue has increased by 58% from INR 396 million 
in the 9M FY22 to INR 625 million in the 9M FY23. This concludes the summary of the high-
level financial metrics for the 9-month period ended December 31, 2022.  
Important to point out that we continue to strengthen our core business, continue to build out a 
sustainable business model. A few important facts for you to be aware of, during the 9 months, 
we have added over 130 super specialist doctors across the various units. We continue to 
maintain ourselves as one of the most preferred destinations for senior doctors. 
We have added some exceptional clinical talent across the units. Some of the recent senior doctor 
additions include Dr. Randeep Guleria, the former Director of AIIMS Delhi, who joined us as 
Chairman in our Internal Medicine and Respiratory Department,. Dr. Praveen Khilnani, joined 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
us as our Chairman of Pediatrics in our Gurgaon facility. Dr. Gagan Gautam, joined us as our 
Vice Chairman in Uro Oncology and Robotic surgery. Dr. Preeti Rastogi joined us as our Head 
of Obstetrics in Gurgaon, and Dr. Neelam Vinay has joined us as our Director of Obstetrics and 
Gynecology in our Lucknow facility. These are just a few of the illustrious faculty that we have 
across the Medanta system. 
When you look at the new specialties that we have added, in Gurgaon we started our Lung 
Transplant program. We have started our Mother and Child services in both Lucknow as well as 
in Gurgaon. In Patna, we have also started gastroenterology, surgical oncology services and we 
are also building out our radiation oncology services in Lucknow as well as in Patna.  
In line with our plans to deliver the Medanta model of care, we continue to focus on being able 
to deliver the highest end of care with the highest clinical specialties and the best clinicians. We 
also look at delivering care across the continuum and extending this care outside the hospital. 
We launched our Medanta Labs business in January of this year, and we have already started 
out home care services and our outpatient pharmacy, as I mentioned earlier.  
When I look at all of the services that we have, we are now able to deliver care closer to the 
patient's home, deliver care at the high end and ensure that we are always focused on delivering 
the highest standard to our patients.  
Looking forward, we are confident of maintaining our growth trajectory. We believe some key 
levers for this growth will be, of course, first, our ramp-up of the developing hospitals in 
Lucknow and Patna. The second will be our strengthening of the core by adding new specialties, 
new doctors and we also have new hospitals coming on board. The first of those is the addition 
of our Noida facility, which will be about 550 beds that should commence operations by FY 
2025. We have also added a new hospital in our ecosystem, which was announced yesterday. 
That is a new asset-light O&M partnership model for a 300-plus-bed hospital in Indore that will 
have about 100 critical care beds over 15 operating theaters and this will help us to fortify our 
presence in Central India. 
Finally, we will be adding about 700 beds at the existing facilities, and that will allow us to 
deliver the beds at a slightly lower capex per bed because a lot of the primary capex by putting 
up the building and putting up the facility has actually already happened and we already have 
these hospitals operating. This concludes our overview  over the course of the 9 months and the 
brief summary of our future plans. I will now hand over to our CFO, Sanjeev Kumar to walk us 
through some of the quarterly performance numbers.  
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Thank you, Pankaj. I will now share the key highlights of Quarter 3 FY 2023 results that we 
have announced yesterday. We have delivered the highest ever quarterly total income of INR 
7,062 million, seeing a growth of 19%. In terms of EBITDA, it was INR 1,719 million, a growth 
of 17.9% with healthy EBITDA margin of 24.3%. Our profit after tax was also INR 806 million, 
that is a growth of 15.3%. In terms of some of the operational parameters, that you look at, our 
occupied beds during this quarter increased by 13.5%, and our inpatient volumes grew by 23.1% 
to 35,000. Outpatient volumes grew 16% to over 5.5 lakhs. ARPOB grew 4.3% year-on-year.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
This is about our quarter 3 performance and now we are happy to take questions from the 
participants. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco Mutual Fund. 
Amit Kadam: 
Question is, mature hospital growth was flat for the nine months in terms of EBITDA and there 
was actually a decline in occupied beds. Can you just throw some light on it? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
 
Sure. You want us to address that or you want us to take both the questions together. 
Amit Kadam: 
So second question is on other expenses. Other expenses in this quarter has gone up by 38%. So, 
how do we look at this particular line item going forward? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me take the first question, and Sanjeev will walk us through the question on the other 
expenses. When you look at the performance in the mature hospitals, keep in mind that this is 
our Gurgaon, Indore as well as our Ranchi facility; all the three are grouped together in our 
mature hospitals.  
If you look at our occupied bed days in the nine-month period of December 2021 versus the nine 
month period December 2022 it is important to take you back to what was happening last year. 
Typically, as you would be aware, the quarter 3 is a slightly lower quarter in terms of the volumes 
because of the festival season that happens around Diwali, Dussehra, etc. However, last year, 
because of the COVID impact in the first quarter of the year, we did see a very strong bounce 
back in some of the numbers post covid that saw exceptionally high numbers in the nine-month 
period ending December 2021 versus the nine month period ending December 2022. When you 
look at the occupied bed days in the mature facilities, the dip is really related to the fact that last 
year was an exceptionally high volume growth because there was a lot of pent-up demand, which 
got addressed as we move forward into the subsequent quarters. 
When you look at our EBITDA performance over the group over that period, we continue to see 
very strong EBITDA margins across the group. You see that we are already delivering about 
24% EBITDA margins. Some amount of growth in other expenses, which Sanjeev will walk us 
through some of that, linked to our repairs and maintenance costs or some of our facilitation 
charges. So Sanjeev, over to you to walk us through some of the other costs. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Yes, sure, thanks. When we look at the other expenses, you are right that in these nine months, 
it has gone up. Some of the expenses which have gone up are like repair and maintenance 
expenses which have gone up specifically because some of the assets had to undertake some 
kind of repair activity.  The second one is some of the facilitation charges increased because of 
the increase in international business. The third one is that some of the professional charges 
increase because of an assignment that we had undertaken for optimization of our material cost 
and as you can see that the impact of that has been that material costs have come down as well.  
The fourth reason was the increase in sales and marketing cost, which if you actually recall that 
during the last two and half years, during the COVID as well as the very next year after the 
COVID, we were very limited in terms of our sales and marketing. This year now, again, we 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
have incurred sales and marketing costs. Other expenses also include conference expenses, 
which actually increased because of the activity of conferences that we started in these nine 
months once the normal activity has resumed. These are some of the reasons why other expenses 
went up. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak Capital. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Congratulations, Dr. Trehan and team for the successful listing. Just continuing with the same 
question on Slide 31. So as I understand that revenue for the mature hospitals, revenues increased 
by 8%, but EBITDA is flat because of higher sales and marketing and higher facilitation fees for 
international patients. Is that the main reason, sir? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Yes, that is one of the main reasons. I have also mentioned that there were some other expenses 
like repairs and maintenance as well 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
The margin that you are seeing for nine months in FY 2023 is 22.3%, is this understated, or do 
you think this is more of a normalized margin. Is FY 2023 nine months more effective of a 
normalized period or is there scope for the margin to improve? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me answer that question in two parts. First, let me answer the question on what are the scopes 
for improving efficiency. As you may be aware in the presentation you would have seen that we 
undertook our JCI audit in our Gurgaon facility this year. Typically, as that audit happens every 
three years, you do have some amount of repairs and maintenance costs that happens over the 
period. That may not happen every single year, but it happens maybe every two or three years. 
So I wouldn't say it's a one-off cost, but at the same time, it may or may not come in at every 
single year. That is one aspect. 
The second aspect, as Sanjeev had alluded to is that we have already taken some kinds of 
activities towards trying to bring greater efficiencies into the cost structure, specifically with 
material costs, you can see some of the improvements play out in terms of the overall numbers. 
We continue to look at opportunities to add efficiencies in material costs as well as in manpower 
costs and across all the line items of other expenses. So to answer your question, are there 
opportunities for efficiencies? Absolutely, there are opportunities. 
The other thing that you will see is that over the course of the last couple of years, we have not 
really taken any tariff increase partially because of COVID. That activity has started now step-
by-step so you may see some amount of tariff increases and that could add to potential margin 
uplifts as we move forward. 
The third aspect, of course, is that we have new clinicians coming on board. We have some new 
services that I had mentioned earlier, being added, including complex work. So as you look at 
the sales mix improving towards more complex work, you do expect to see an ARPOB growth 
and the corresponding revenue growth as you move forward. These are some of the opportunities 
for improvement. While we do feel that there are margin growth opportunities to be captured we 
don't really give any firm guidance for the next quarter. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
It is important for you to understand that in our industry and in our business and based on our 
belief in the way healthcare is supposed to be delivered we do not really think quarter-to-quarter, 
but actually, focus more on the longer term by looking at the right aspects of delivery of care. 
As you think about how margins will stabilize over this period, we have always maintained that 
any performance which is anywhere in the range of 20% to 25% EBITDA margins is really very 
good performance. We don't see any reason why Medanta would not be able to deliver that kind 
of strong performance. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So this slide is very interesting because your developing hospitals are showing KPIs, margins 
and occupancy just similar to the mature hospital, in fact, better. So on the developing hospital 
side, I am assuming these KPIs are because in the one of this later slides, you mentioned Patna 
turned EBITDA positive in the last quarter itself. So a lot of the EBITDA margin, EBITDA here 
on this slide, INR 153 crores for nine months is attributed, I would assume to Lucknow asset, 
right? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Just to give you the very quick history, our Lucknow hospitals, which we started towards the 
end of 2019, really January 2020 was able to deliver EBITDA breakeven in its first full year of 
operations. In fact, it delivered about a 15% EBITDA margin in that year. If I recall this was 
also disclosed in our RHP and some of our IPO documents. As we look at the Lucknow margin, 
that margin has continued to stay strong, in fact, continue to grow not only in percentage terms, 
but also in absolute amounts. You are correct a large part of the margin that you are describing 
does definitely come from our Lucknow facility, which is now about 500 beds. While we still 
consider it as a developing hospital it is important to keep in mind that the 500-bed facility in 
Lucknow is one of the larger facilities in Indian health care. We continue to see growth coming 
out of Lucknow. 
Our Patna facility, although it is very new, only started in January 2022 has also done 
exceptionally well, in a very short period of time. We continue to add beds. We continue to add 
doctors and clinical teams there. We are building 10 more operating rooms. 
We do not yet say that Patna has reached a stable state, however, we did deliver a positive 
EBITDA both in Quarter 2 and Quarter 3. We believe that Patna also is on its way to a strong 
performance. One word of caution or also just clarification, is that today, our Lucknow facility 
is 100% cash plus TPA. We have zero schemes there and we don't have much corporate or PSU 
business either. So a lot of the realizations and the ARPOB which you are seeing, as you say, 
comparable to some of the mature facilities are driven by a very high percentage of cash 
business. That is in a little bit different from what you may be familiar to seeing in the industry 
in general. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So as the newer beds at capacity gets added, it would be fair to say that you might take some 
scheme patients. So maybe the absolute amount will increase, but the EBITDA margin and 
ARPOB might go lower than what we are currently seeing, right? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
When you look at the bed growth, we are about 470 beds, so you can say about 500 beds right 
now. If you look at our last quarter occupancies and availability of beds in Lucknow, it has 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
actually been tight, which is why we have been trying to add beds. So at present, we have not 
really taken on any schemes in our Lucknow facility. As we move towards 1,000 beds, there is 
a possibility that we may look at augmenting the patient mix, not only in terms of schemes, but 
there are also corporates, there are also public sector undertakings and we would like to be able 
to service those profile of patients as well. So yes, you may see that there may be some change 
in the payer mix. However, just to reflect on our overall payer mix across the group, including 
all the mature hospitals. If you look at our payor mix, which has been consistent year-on-year 
for last several years, upwards of 80% of our payor mix is cash plus insurance. So while we may 
have some scheme, it would possibly be on the similar lines as what you are seeing across the 
group. 
Absolute margins will increase depending on the cost to serve the incremental patients and even 
your margin percentages may or may not change, it really depends on how you think about it. 
Another important point, which I did mention in the opening section, was that our doctors are 
all full timers. So unlike many of the other hospitals, where the doctors are more on a visiting or 
fee for service model, our doctors are all full timers so we benefit, from a lower marginal cost 
for every incremental patient. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Funds  
Nikhil Mathur: 
I will be harping on the same slide number 31. If I look at the EBITDA in nine months FY '23, 
I mean, it is flattish. This includes Gurgaon, right? And I also remember that most of the 
overhead for the new facilities sit in the Gurgaon facility. Is that the right to understand that you 
are showing here some of the overhead associated with your newer facilities as well? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
That is absolutely right, Nikhil. So as you may recall, and as I think we may have also mentioned 
in our prospectus all our group costs, including the costs which are there for some of the newer 
business units, are all currently part of the mature hospital costs. So all of that cost, including 
the corporate overheads, the shared services in terms of IT costs, etcetera all of these costs sit in 
the mature facilities and are recorded as part of our Gurgaon cost. We don't actually split out the 
corporate overheads from the Gurgaon unit. Of course, if we did that, you would see a slightly 
different kind of a margin profile in the mature hospitals. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
So if I strip out the overhead associated other facilities, would the base Gurgaon, Indore, Ranchi 
combined would have grown EBITDA on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Like I said, we haven't split out the costs specifically on each of those aspects. I can, however, 
tell you that those costs have increased over the nine-month period with additions of variety of 
manpower, including some of the newer services,  whether it is pharmacy or labs. So, my 
assumption would be definitely, yes, there would be margin growth, which would be better than 
what you're seeing today if you did split out those costs. However, we have not reported that so 
I cannot give you a definitive number. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
My second question is on, if I understand correctly, also your Gurgaon facilities caters a lot of 
upcountry footfalls from Eastern UP and Bihar region and all. Now that you have a full service 
facility in Lucknow and in Patna, wouldn’t that result in some bit of cannibalization in your 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Gurgaon unit? And why I asked this question is because in the vicinity, you have many upcoming 
bed additions from your competitors. So just trying to understand if there is going to be any 
cannibalization, any competitive pressures in the Gurgaon because of all this? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me address that in two parts. The first part around our patient mix in our Gurgaon facility 
over the years. You are right, upwards of 50% of our patients in our Gurgaon facility over the 
years have come from outside of Gurgaon. That includes Haryana, UP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Punjab, 
as well as, of course, the international business. Interestingly, as we opened our Lucknow 
facility, we did actually see that with the awareness of our brand in UP, in the first year of 
opening itself, some of our patients from Lucknow actually increased in our Gurgaon facility. 
So, we didn't really see too much cannibalization because of that the new hospital opening. 
Our thought is that for every patient that travels all the way from up country to Gurgaon or from 
UP or Bihar to Gurgaon, there are thousands of other patients that are already in UP and Bihar, 
who are unable to make the trip. We believe that with increasing presence in these territories, 
you also have increasing brand awareness for Medanta as a whole. Sowe are not overly 
concerned with the cannibalization. That being said, we did experience during the COVID 
pandemic, some increased demand from our local community here in Gurgaon. 
We had people who were reaching out to us saying, please do look at serving the community 
closer to you in a greater way. So, we have put in effort to expand our connect into the local 
Gurgaon community. We have opened about 30-plus clinics in various residential colonies. In 
the last nine months, we have opened a new larger clinic facility in Gurgaon, in Subhash Chowk. 
This now gives us two clinics running in Gurgaon itself with a third one in South Delhi. There 
is some movement to increase the servicing and connect to the community in Gurgaon and in 
the greater NCR region as well. 
As far as your question around capacity, see, if you look at Delhi NCR as a whole, and that 
includes Noida, Delhi, Gurgaon, there is still a fair amount of demand in the city. When you 
look at the absolute population as well as the population growth that is likely to come versus the 
beds that are available, especially the high-quality beds. We do not have a huge amount of 
concern around too much saturation of supply.. Also, keep in mind; it is somewhat easier to put 
up a bed, you still need a doctor to treat the patient. Therefore, that supply is not increasing just 
because the beds are increasing. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on this asset-light hospital to be set up in Indore, while the partner is going to give the 
warm shell. What kind of investment is going to be there from our side? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
If you look at the Indore facility, the model, which is there, which is I think is now reasonably 
well known in the industry is that the real estate partner would actually own the land and would 
put up the complete warm shell. Our investment will be only to the extent of the medical 
equipment, the partner will give the rest of the entire facility equipment investment, capex, 
etcetera, interiors.  

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Our investment will range anywhere from INR 130 crores to INR 160 crores over the course of 
the first cycle of all the equipment that we need to put in. We have very long and deep 
relationships with our equipment partners so the payments to be made for this equipment will 
actually staggered. Therefore, we do not see this as something where there would be a huge cash 
outflow in any one particular year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And in the matured category, would current Indore hospital would be at a similar EBITDA 
margin as is the matured segment or is it lower or more? If you could just explain that? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Indore is a little bit of an interesting scenario. I think Sanjeev mentioned we do not report out 
Indore separately but our current facility is significantly smaller than some of our larger 
established facilities. It is only about 170 beds and we have got the majority of the work in Indore 
coming in from just maybe two or three specialties. We have cardiac and neuro, which are the 
lead specialties in that unit. We do also have gastroenterology, digestive services as well as 
kidney and urology institute. We do kidney transplants there as well. However, when you look 
at the entire range of oncology services, these services are not available there because we do not 
have the space to be able to deliver these services. We also do not have the space to be able to 
put the kind of critical care capacity, that is demanded of us and that we are well known for in 
our other units. 
So definitely, the EBITDA margins in Indore are lower than the ones, which you see across the 
mature groups. It is also significantly smaller in terms of absolute contribution, both on the top 
line and the bottom line. However, it is not really fully equipped to deliver the comprehensive 
range of clinical specialties, that we can offer and that there is a demand for. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Secondly, on labs as a business. While we have seen over last 12 months to 15 months, there has 
been significant amount of competition entering, be it online or   other corporates and given that 
the existing guys are facing challenges in terms of volume growth, and which gets reflected in 
pricing. So, what from a capital allocation and from our effort allocation for this part of the 
business will the next three years to five years look like and what is your thought process for 
getting into this business? What kind of return ratios do you expect from this business? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me take the three different aspects. First, in terms of the capital allocation, you would be 
aware that the lab business has really very limited capital requirements because the model for 
most of the equipment is on what they call a reagent rental basis. It is a ‘pay per use’ or a ‘pay-
as-you-go’ type of model. Therefore, you do not actually spend a huge amount of money in 
capex for the lab. In addition, we already have existing capacity in our hospital labs. 
When you look at the cities where we started out, it is really the cities, where we already have 
hospitals. We have large laboratory services in each of those hospitals. Therefore, the 
incremental sample load that comes in, can actually be well serviced by the labs that we have 
right now. We may do some selective lab additions, but that is really more to manage the logistics 
than to manage any kind of capacity constraints that we have in our existing labs. So that is one 
point, we do not see a huge amount of capex, in this businesses. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
You are right, there has been, I would say, a COVID induced enthusiasm for some of these 
services like labs. Our approach is very different. One, unlike some of the stand-alone labs, we 
do not really have the same kind of customer acquisition costs that would be there in newer age 
stand-alone lab businesses because we already have the patient population from our hospitals.  
Most importantly, what we found is that many of our patients are actually demanding of us the 
ability to help service them a little bit closer to home. Our thought is that this allows us to service 
the patients across the life cycle. It allows us to deliver care to the patient closer to home and is 
really something that COVID showed us is something that our patients are demanding. We look 
at these new businesses as a comprehensive continuity of care model rather than a purely as a 
stand-alone separate business. 
Therefore, our move into this segment, whether it is outpatient pharmacy, or our labs business 
is actually very deliberate and is linked to the communities which we already serve and the 
extended communities where our patients are demanding the services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
That is simple. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
I just wanted to understand, we were contemplating some price increases. Have we taken those 
or are we still thinking about it? If we have taken, have we taken them across the facilities? Any 
thoughts will be helpful. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Sure. Our price increases, as I may have mentioned in the opening section, are oriented towards 
making sure that we remain as affordable as possible for the communities that we serve. We 
actively try not to be the most expensive in the city where we operate, but try to be a little bit 
more reasonable, maybe benchmark as the third or fourth most expensive in that particular city 
or community. This has been the broad philosophy that we started with and the philosophy that 
we currently maintain. 
Our tariff increases are all done in line with our clinical leadership, each department actually 
decides what is the appropriate tariff for the kind of complexity of work, which they are doing 
as well as, the nature of the costs associated with servicing that kind of complex work. That has 
been our approach. Because of COVID for almost three years, as you mentioned rightly, we had 
not taken any tariff increase across the network. We have now started to take that tariff increase. 
We take it systematically over the various specialties. 
I would say the majority of that tariff increase would be in Gurgaon because Lucknow and Patna 
are still new, although we are seeing some selective tariff increases in Lucknow as well. That 
process is underway. Some of that tariff increases have already been done. Some is currently in 
process and some will be done later. We will do this over the course of the next several months. 
We will maintain our positioning and will not be the most expensive, but as the industry tariff 
grows, you will also see that our tariffs move in line with that growth. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
That is very helpful. I am just going to try this. Any luck you will be able to help us with 
Gurgaon, Lucknow, and Patna, ARPOB’s, ALOS and the occupancy levels. Any color will be 
helpful any of it. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I am sure that many people are trying to fill out their excel models, and I do empathize. However, 
I also must defer to the guidance that I get from our CFO and our compliance team to make sure 
that whatever we are disclosing are numbers which are appropriately audited and appropriately 
displayed. The only thing that I can say is, as you can probably guess, our mature facilities are 
still fairly heavily weighted towards Gurgaon. You can just get a sense that if you take the total 
number of beds that are there in those facilities. If I say it probably it is about 1,700 beds would 
be in the mature facilities, almost 1,300 of those are in Gurgaon itself.  
In addition, obviously, Gurgaon would have a slightly higher tariffs and ARPOB profile than 
Indore and Ranchi. This may give you an indication how the numbers are weighted in favor of 
Gurgaon. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sahu from McPro. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
Sir, to my understanding some of the capacity additions will happen in phases. For example, for 
Noida facilities, though we aspire to be reaching 550 bed facility it would take 300 beds to reach 
this stage. And so for Patna say around, it will reach 500 beds facility by fiscal year 25. So if we 
take it as fiscal year 25 as the time line, would it be fair to assume that around 1,000 beds you 
would be adding? And if so, what would be capex for that? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me just quickly touch on the bed additions and then Sanjeev can shed some light on the 
capex. You are right, we add our beds in phases. Important point as I think I mentioned earlier 
is that although the bed additions happened in phases, the bulk of the capex, because we build 
the superstructure, the shell, the complete facade of our buildings in one shot, has already gone 
into the building. On day one, about 70% of the capex has already gone into the building, thus 
the incremental beds will be at a significantly lower capex. 
If you look at our Gurgaon facility that is mature, we may add some beds there. We are actually 
revisiting a lot of movement towards daycare, we see a lot of trends of patients shifting to 
daycare and you will see that reflected in a significant reduction in our average length of stay. 
We expect that this trend will continue. Therefore, we are adding some amount of capacity in 
our cancer services in our Gurgaon facility as daycare. Of course, the bulk of the bed addition 
will come in Lucknow, Patna and Noida. 
Lucknow will scale up over the course of the next couple of years from the 500 beds that it is 
today, probably at least scaling up another 200beds-300 beds depending on as the demand rolls 
out.  That hospital is constructed as two towers. One tower is now completely full and the second 
tower, which can house another 300 beds- 400 beds will be built out. We have, post December, 
already activated some beds there in our critical care units. We have already added ICU beds 
between December and March 31 and you will see some bed additions in that period as well. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Patna, as I said, is 330 beds now. Those beds will also scale up. We will probably scale from 
331 beds to 400 beds and then to 500 beds before we move to the 650 beds. Noida, while it has 
a capacity of 550 beds will likely open with the bed number of 300 beds. That will be the way 
in which the beds build out. Sanjeev, over to you on the capex. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
As Pankaj has just explained most of the beds would be actually coming in Lucknow, Patna and 
Noida. In these three facilities, we would be adding almost 1,100 beds. In case of Lucknow we 
will go from 475 beds at present to actually 950 beds. In case of Patna from almost 330 beds to 
650 beds and in case of Noida, we will be starting with almost 300 beds, which will eventually 
go up to 550 beds. So we will be adding approximately 1,100 beds and we will be incurring 
almost INR 1,100 crores for putting up the beds. 
Most of this, more than 60%, would be towards the Noida hospital because that is the active 
project that we have. We will be implementing the entire warm-shell, the entire structure. So our 
total capex would be approximately INR 1,100 crores, out of which more than 60% would be 
for Noida.  This is for the next three to four years in terms of the specific projects identified till 
date. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Sir, the first question is on -- in your P&L, is there any one-off expense related to the IPO in this 
quarter? And what's the gross debt position on the balance sheet post the IPO? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
In terms of \one-off expenses, there are very minor expenses, let us say, almost INR 2 crores in 
terms of the advertisement expenses to be precise INR 1.5 crores incurred during the IPO 
process.  There are also some one-off expense in terms of the travelling, etcetera. Nothing more 
than that. 
Sanjeev Kumar:  
What was your second question? 
Gagan Thareja: 
 
On the gross debt on the balance sheet, what is the position? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
In terms of the gross debt, we actually have three loans. One is the loan in case of MHPL, which 
is approximately INR 420 crores, then we have a loan in case of Patna, which is another INR 
250 crores and then we have some debt in GHL which is our holding company from Asian 
Development Bank, which is at INR 66 crores. These are the three loans that we have today. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And related to the capex one, how will you be funding it? I mean what would be the debt equity 
mix for that? And two, while you'll get efficiencies in Patna going as utilization or occupancy 
ramps up there, will that be offset by the new bids that come in at Lucknow and Patna and also 
the Greenfield at Noida. So I mean, if you could address these two aspects. The funding of the 
debt and the margin impact of new capacities? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
I think let me first talk about the funding aspect. As you are aware that we have a good liquidity 
position in terms of our balance sheet. So, the funding required for our capex would be done out 
of the internal accruals as well as the debt that we will take against each project, which would 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
be there in case of Noida., You have seen that our net debt to EBITDA is in a very good position. 
We will maintain a very comfortable debt-to-equity ratio.. That is what we expect to have for 
funding our future capacities.  
Pankaj Sahni: 
Just quickly, you asked about the ramp-up as we get Noida mobilized. Definitely, there are some 
challenges in getting a new hospital up in running -- and if we look at our trajectory over 
Lucknow and Patna, we have been able to deliver positive EBITDA in a reasonably short period. 
We do not keep that as our standard operating model but we have now shown short break even 
in all three of our green fields Gurgaon, Lucknow as well as in Patna. The only advantage, I 
would say, Noida has versus the others is that because it's in the NCR region, we already have 
talent across clinical and non-clinical areas in our Gurgaon facility, that are being groomed or 
are ready to move across to our Noida facility. We may have some opportunities for ensuring 
that we can optimize talent across the NCR facilities as we operationalize Noida. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwa from SMIFS ltd 
Dhara Patwa: 
Since you are expanding in non-metro cities, do you think attracting talent would be a challenge 
in those cities? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
If you look at our performance and if you look at the profile of clinical names that we have been 
able to attract across the cities where we operate, whether that is Lucknow, Patna or Indore, we 
have not experienced this as a challenge yet. Now obviously, we do keep in mind the availability 
of talent when we look at the cities where we move to -- we are fortunate that the Medanta brand 
and our operating model, which is really clinician-friendly and doctor-led and doctor first type 
of model has allowed us to become a preferred destination for really high-quality clinical talent. 
We have also been fortunate that we have been able to cross-pollinate some of these units. 
If you look at some of the clinical leaders in our, Indore facility, both the head of cardiac surgery 
as well as neurosurgery were doctors that were in our Gurgaon unit before we moved them to 
Indore. Our Head of Cardiac Surgery in Patna worked here in Gurgaon with Dr. Trehan, before 
he moved to Patna. We have had doctors move into Lucknow facility as well from here. In Patna, 
we even had clinicians come from the UK and move back to India to come and work in our 
Patna facility.  
Now one important point to note is that the nature of the facilities that Medanta is able to put up 
in these cities has never been seen before. When you look at the kind of facility that we have in 
Lucknow or in Patna, there is really no facility of this caliber, either in terms of size or in terms 
of just the quality of infrastructure and technology in pretty much the entire state, at least not in 
the private space.  
When we are looking at clinicians, we are able to give them a really exceptional platform for 
where they can practice their craft. We are able to do things like give them huge amounts of 
operating rooms, additional space, really give them all the tools and technologies that allow them 
to deliver the highest standard of medicine. That is one of the reasons why they feel Medanta is 
the right platform for them to join. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
We have not had too many challenges with respect to hiring clinicians in any of these areas. We 
are, however, very selective, and we are very determined to maintain our full-time model. We 
do not allow the visiting model where a doctor would work in one hospital on one day of the 
week and in another hospital on another day of the week. Any restrictions on bringing in talent 
are really more from our side than from a supply side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Sahu from McPro. 
Anubhav Sahu: 
So, my question is from the asset light model, which we are trying to execute in Indore. I wanted 
to understand, is it a change in business model in some way or is it a one-off thing? Is something 
which we may like to follow up for other cases? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
The way I would answer that is to say that neither is it a change in business model, nor is it a 
one-off or a first time. If you look at our facilities, we have different types of models in each. 
Our Gurgaon and our Lucknow facilities, we own and Noida as well. We have owned the land 
and we built up those facilities. Patna is a PPP project with the government of Bihar. So that's a 
slightly different model. Our Ranchi facility is also in O&M. So there as well, we did not invest 
in the infrastructure. , There was an existing hospital that we took over and turned around. The 
Indore model will be the one where our partner will be building up the warm shell and then we 
will be putting in the medical equipment and running it.  
We are open to all types of models, whether it is O&M, whether it is greenfield, whether it is 
brownfield or even whether it is M&A or taking over any existing facilities. The key aspect 
though, in our model is that we must be able to ensure that these facilities deliver the highest 
quality and standard of care that we have come to be known for. What that means is that in each 
city, there are certain requirements for what it takes to deliver this kind of high standard of care 
that may be different in Indore and in Lucknow or Gurgaon.  
Each city has its own unique characteristics and our approach into those cities is in line with 
that, but always making sure that we are able to deliver very high end, high quality of care. We 
do not want to go into cities or enter into partnerships just for the sake of showing bed additions; 
they have to be able to deliver the quality and standard of care with the values that we stand for. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you very much to all of you who joined the call as well as for everybody who asked 
questions to try to understand our approach to healthcare delivery a little bit better. We remain 
aligned towards delivering and focusing on high end of care. We remain aligned to ensuring that 
we are managing our institution with the values that we believe are the right values for healthcare 
delivery. We remain committed to delivering growth for all of our stakeholders - the kind of 
growth that you can be proud of. Thank you very much for taking the time and for participating 
in this journey along with us, and we look forward to speaking with you all soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited – Medanta 
February 14, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Global Health Limited 
 
 
