 
 
 
February 9, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
SCRIP CODE: ASHOKLEY 
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
SCRIP CODE: 500477 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) (ii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of the 
Company’s Analyst Call held on February 2, 2023 to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
 
 
N Ramanathan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : a/a 
NATARAJAN 
RAMANATHAN
Digitally signed by NATARAJAN RAMANATHAN 
DN: c=IN, st=Tamil Nadu, 
2.5.4.20=22ebdb00708268080062bd623ed12444603631a4a2c
6396a6569847037804046, postalCode=600061, street=NO 39 
1ST MAIN ROAD S 1 MADHUSUDAN FLATS NANGANALLUR, 
pseudonym=9ceceba5b0347f2b1215cd11a853f098, 
serialNumber=e6c7e692a309c6eac78562d9913f554c20235b2
382a57b04952b55db37396323, o=Personal, cn=NATARAJAN 
RAMANATHAN 
Date: 2023.02.09 17:46:10 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
 
“Ashok Leyland Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHEERAJ HINDUJA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – ASHOK 
LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
MR. SHENU AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
MR. GOPAL MAHADEVAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISHIT JALAN - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ashok Leyland Q3 FY '23 Conference 
Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the Moderator 
by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishit Jalan. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Q3 FY ‘23 post results conference call of 
Ashok Leyland. From the management team, we have with us Mr. Dheeraj Hinduja, 
Executive Chairman; Mr. Shenu Agarwal, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; 
and Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Director and Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now hand over the call 
to Mr. Hinduja for his opening remarks, post which we can move to Q&A. Over to you, Mr. 
Hinduja. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It gives me immense pleasure to be in 
touch with you, and I thank you very much for the interest shown in Ashok Leyland. I will 
quickly run you through the Q3 performance as well as some of the latest developments. 
I’m extremely happy to share that Q3 FY ‘23 continues to be good, aided by strong 
performance in domestic truck sales with 32.6% market share. This is almost a 7.3% increase 
over our market share during the same period last year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter 
of 30%-plus market share for Ashok Leyland. 
In Q3, MHCV truck volumes have grown more than 1.3 times than the industry growth, 
resulting in AL market share improving to 32.6% as compared to 25.3% in Q3 of last year.  
EBITDA for Q3 was at Rs 797 crores, 8.8% as against Rs 224 crores, 4% in Q3 of last year. 
Our LCV volumes in Q3 are higher than last year by 15%.  
Q3 domestic after-market sales at Rs 507 crores grew at 28% over the same period of last 
year.  
Q3 operating profit was at Rs 560 crores as against a loss of Rs 15 crores in Q3 of last year. 
 
 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Working capital has reduced by about Rs 135 crores during the quarter. Capital expenditure 
for the quarter was at around Rs 100 crores. Our profit during the quarter has helped with the 
reduction of net debt by about Rs 635 crores. Debt equity is at 0.3 times versus 0.4 times 
during the same period last year. 
During the quarter, we have launched Partner Super in 9, 10 and 11 tons, Oyster Wide CNG, 
Oyster Wide Diesel double door, 13.5-meter bus with drum brakes, Lynx Smart Staff bus 
chassis and expanding our range further with new products.  
I'm extremely confident that with these launches and the continued expansion of the network, 
we will sustain the market share gains achieved in the last 4 quarters. 
The growth in MHCV trucks TIV in Q3 and LCV truck is backed by recovery in 
macroeconomic environment, replacement demand and pickup in infrastructure, mining and 
construction activities. Healthy growth in the end-user industries like cement, steel and 
infrastructure as well as increase in general manufacturing activity and consumption trends 
continue to support demand from fleet operators. Supported by these factors, the industry 
volumes are inching towards the previous peak registered in FY '19. 
The viability of fleet operators is expected to continue to remain healthy despite some 
moderation in freight rates post the festive season. 
For FY '23, the industry volumes are expected to grow at a healthy rate, supported by steady 
freight demand and economic recovery, the government's focus on infrastructure spending 
and boom in e-commerce. However, inflation concerns driven by hike in interest rates and 
continued high fuel prices and its impact on viability of fleet operators would have to be 
monitored in the near future. 
We are very encouraged by the resumption in the MHCV passenger segment, which reported 
a year-on-year growth of 132%, supported by almost full resumption of offices and 
educational institutions. However, the volumes are yet to reach the pre-pandemic level of 
10,000 to 12,000 per quarter. 
 
 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 4 of 23 
 
LCV year-on-year growth of 5% is supported by healthy demand from agriculture and allied 
sectors, the increased last-mile transportation requirements especially from e-commerce and 
stable macroeconomic environment. While the pace of growth is slowing down as the base 
effect catches up, the volumes have already surpassed the quarterly level reported in FY 2018 
and FY 2020 level and are close to industry high seen in FY 2019. The softening of 
commodity prices, in particular steel, has impacted on the margin positively. 
Ashok Leyland, even while growing market share sequentially has been raising prices owing 
to higher input costs. What is good to see is that the retention of such increases is better.  
LCV, both Dost and Bada Dost, are gaining in road and had been growing stronger by the 
day. Both these products hold immense potential for exports and are a perfect fit in our 
addressable market. 
Aftermarket also continues to perform very well.  
We are putting tremendous efforts in reducing costs, both product costs as well as overheads.  
I know there has been a lot of interest in Switch, which is an important initiative, and we are 
committed to developing Switch with global electric vehicle company. We have established a 
name and a platform as a credible EV manufacturer. Our sales order pipeline is robust. We 
are chalking out our plans to utilize growth opportunities fully by chasing high-quality, cost-
effective products. 
After I finish, I will ask Gopal to brief you further on the results at Switch and the status with 
potential investors. Finally, before I open the floor to questions, let me share the financials in 
brief. 
Revenue for Q3 at Rs 9,030 crores, which is 63% higher than Q3 of last year. Manpower cost 
in Q3 is higher than previous quarter by Rs 22 crores, due to variable performance pay and 
bonus provision restatements reflecting the current performance level. 
EBITDA is at Rs 797 crores, 8.8% in Q3, up from Rs 224 crores last year. Profit after tax 
after exceptional items for the quarter was at Rs 361 crores versus Rs 6 crores in Q3 of FY 
'22. Operating working capital for Q3 was at Rs 355 crores as against Rs 490 crores as of 
September '22. Net debt was at Rs 2,043 crores in December '22 as against Rs 2,677 crores in 
September 2022. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Debt equity at the end of the quarter was at 0.3x. Capital expenditure for the quarter was at Rs 
104 crores. Cumulative spend till December 31, 2022, was at Rs 322 crores. Capex spend for 
the full year is estimated to be up around Rs 600 crores.  
So, before we open the floor for questions, I would request Gopal to brief you a little more on 
Switch. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Thank you, Chairman. So good afternoon to all of you. Thank you very much for the interest 
in Ashok Leyland. Just to quickly brief on Switch. The company is doing very well. All of 
you must have read about it. The company recently has got a 2,100-bus order from CESL, one 
of the largest orders which the industry has witnessed. And this has been followed through 
with another 500-bus order from the Telangana State Road Transport Corporation. Of course, 
all of this would be final, but some adjustments may happen in the volume when final rollout 
happens, but it's a very large order, which is material for the company and also for the 
industry. 
We can really see that the potential of EV is growing very fast in India. The company is 
poised to launch a spectrum of exciting products. I think the double-decker, which was 
launched last year, the end of last year has created a lot of excitement. It has raised the bar of 
the industry in terms of quality, fit, finish and total cost of ownership and also the viability of 
double-decker as a transportation EV alternative. 
Switch U.K. is also poised to launch the E1 bus sometime in the early part of next year or 
later part of this year. The whole industry is waiting for the Bada Dost EV to be launched, 
which should happen sometime in June or the third quarter of the current year. So, there's a lot 
of activity on the product development also. We have had order bookings coming in. Switch 
U.K. is waiting for the European markets to recover. 
As you know, there has been a lot of challenge on the European and the U.K. side because of 
not only the economic turmoil, but also the impact of the war, etc. But we believe that once 
this happens, we are going to see the potential of Switch U.K. also to scale up very quickly. 
Hope you would be keen to understand where we are on the fundraising activity. As we had 
discussed earlier, it is taking a little bit longer than expected, not because there is the lack of 
interest from investors into it, but we just want to ensure that we're getting the right strategic 
partners who will partner Switch and its management team in growth. There are active 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 6 of 23 
discussions going on with several investors, both for Switch and for Ohm, which is the e-
mobility-as-a-service company that has been structured. And we'll have more to update you 
maybe in the coming quarter. We will keep you posted, but business is continuing. And I 
think the leverage that the Switch team has been able to obtain in getting orders on product 
development is being very much on time. So back to you, Chairman. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Yes. Thank you, Gopal. We will be happy to take your questions now. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. 
Jinesh K. Gandhi: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Quickly, if you can just talk about the drivers of margin 
expansion in this quarter? How much would have been contributed by the commodity costs 
benefits? And is there any reduction in discounts which we are seeing and talk more about it? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Okay. Let me take a shot at this. Jinesh, essentially, we have seen a confluence of factors that 
drive margin expansion. I would say there are 4 reasons for it. And we rightly observed, so 
we mentioned 2, which are the most important ones or the critical ones. 
One is there has been improvement in realization, and we have been consistently raising 
prices. Over the last few quarters, we have done that even in the month of January, because 
we believe that with the growing demand, we also need to raise the prices because there has 
been a shift from BS IV to BS VI. And while metal prices are coming off, which is extremely 
positive for the industry, we also know that there has been an increase in steel prices, which 
has happened over the last 2, 3 years. So, we continue to raise prices as efficiently as possible. 
The second one is, again, as you mentioned, steel prices have come off quite sharply. And as 
Chairman had mentioned, our expectation is that they will continue to be at these levels or 
even a little softer in Q4, which will help in improving margins as we move forward. 
The third thing, which has also improved, as I mentioned before, and now I'll explain. The 
other two are the mix of the products. We've been continuously working on the mix to ensure 
that the higher profitable models are being sold, and this has helped. 
And finally, is the absolute volume itself. We have seen a significant improvement in market 
share. Just one year back in June / July 2021 or so, our market share was at about 18.5%. We 
have market share significantly above 30% in the current quarter. And we hope to pursue 
growth as we move forward. This has been possible because of the exemplary performance of 
the AVTR range of vehicles. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 7 of 23 
 
The modular range of vehicles has been accepted very well in the market, and there's quite a 
bit of pull in certain segments for AVTR vehicles. And I think in terms of quality, cost, 
delivery, total cost of ownership, fit and finish, I think AVTR range has proved itself. 
The light commercial vehicles have also been doing reasonably well. They have saved some 
headwinds occasionally, but they are on a growth trajectory. And all of this volume growth 
has also helped in the operating leverage you can notice. 
Jinesh K. Gandhi: 
Okay. And are we seeing a real moderation in discounts now? I mean, one of the largest 
player has talked about going towards demand for model. So are we seeing a benefit of that 
on the ground now? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I hope that the industry will, given the fact that this is an unique industry, where it is actually, 
there's so much of demand which would actually be a seller's market, so to speak, but we've 
seen that there has been deals we're getting one based on price, which was absolutely not 
necessary. We are seeing that discount levels are coming off a bit. 
We are expecting that we would see a little more consolidation on that in the fourth quarter. 
Finally, Jinesh, as you know, and to all the other investors also who have joined on the call, 
what we do at Ashok Leyland is we monitor the net-price realization. 
So finally, what matters is what is the net delivered price to the company, and that has been 
improving month-on-month. We are having a sharper focus on this because it's not enough 
just to grow, which is very important for us. It is not growth or profitability;  it is growth and 
profitability. 
Jinesh K. Gandhi: 
Okay. That's good to know. Secondly, can you talk about transition towards BS6 Phase-2? 
How do we plan to transit for that and the kind of price increase we would need to take to 
pass on the cost? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Well, I think the industry is expected to raise prices on OBD2, and different players have got 
different technologies. So, we would continue to ensure that we are more than covering our 
costs and recover the same. 
 
 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 8 of 23 
 
The actual kind of numbers on the cost increase, we'll have to wait and watch, like I 
mentioned, Jinesh, each of the industry players have got different technologies. The only 
thing that I can say at this moment and while one can't be 100% confident on this, but we are 
reasonably confident that we are not going to get impacted severely by OBD2. 
Jinesh K. Gandhi: 
Got it. And then last question is on the tax rate. And do we plan to move to new tax regime in 
FY '24? Or we'll continue with the old tax regime? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
We'll have to study the finer points and details and then take a call. I think this has been a 
very good budget, positive for the industry infrastructure and also some rationalization that 
has happened on the tax structure. But we'll have more to share as our guys, our tax Pandits in 
the company are going through the finer details. But at this moment, we are not able to share 
anything else. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question on the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. 
Kapil R. Singh: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. My first question is on demand. If you could share your 
outlook for 2024. You mentioned about some of the positive catalysts as well risks and on the 
balance do you expect like a double-digit growth next year? 
And also, for the OBD2 norms, is the last date 31st March for production? Or this is the last 
date for registration? And do you expect any element of prebuy? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Okay. Dheeraj, do you want to take that one on demand or... 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Sure. So, I think we've seen a very strong recovery during this current financial year. And 
based on all the initiatives that we heard in the budget yesterday and special focus on the 
capital expenditure and transportation, we do expect that this strong momentum to continue. 
In terms of quantifying it, I would say that depending on finally how the GDP growth rates 
move, our industry is very closely correlated with that. But I think all indications are that it 
will continue to remain a very strong year next year as well. Yes, Gopal, go ahead. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes. So, Kapil, on OBD2, we'll have more to share possibly at closer to the end of the quarter, 
as I mentioned, to Jinesh also because we need to get some clarity overall. But all I can tell 
you is that we are well positioned in terms of the technology that we are currently offering in 
OBD that we would be able to kind of seamlessly move forward on that. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 9 of 23 
Kapil R. Singh: 
Yes, I know the question was also because we all know prices will go up. We don't know to 
what extent, but normally, that leads to a prebuy. So that's where the question was coming 
from. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes. So, it's a good question. I mean, the only point is, while it is easy to say that yes, because 
there will be a pre-buy. I don't think that that will be a huge driver in terms of a change. 
Like for example, if you notice, in 2019-20, right, which was pre-COVID, the entire industry 
was expected to have a heavy pre-buy because of the implementation on BS VI on 1st of 
April. But we saw that quarter-on-quarter in 2019-20, actually, the demand was not going 
even though the cost of the vehicles was supposed to go up quite significantly. 
Of course, unfortunately, after that, we had an immediate Covid outbreak. I think what we're 
going to see is that if the prices that's going to be raised by the industry is going to be quite 
material, you could see some amount of prebuy. 
The best part of this current year's demand has been that this has been quite a pull from the 
customers. There is genuine demand on the ground, all industries are doing well. There's a 
huge amount of infra spend. So, I think even if that continues, that would be this trajectory is 
sufficient for posting a healthy growth in the current quarter. On top of it, if there is an OBD2 
prebuy, well, that's going to be positive. But I don't think we are planning for a material 
demand base increase because of OBD2, but we'll have to wait and watch. 
Kapil R. Singh: 
And sir, second question is on margins. I just wanted to understand how you think about the 
evolution of margins from here. So, you can probably throw light upon 3 areas. One is 
whether you expect further commodity benefit. Second is on pricing. And third is on 
operating leverage because we are seeing that your other expenditure is not rising as much as 
the revenue growth now. So, are most of the costs related to say, travel or AMC and all are 
already there? Or do you expect R&D or other things that are already there in the numbers 
now? Or do you expect any material increase there? So just how you think about these 3 
buckets of costs as we head into next year? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I'll possibly give a general view and then possibly request Chairman or Shenu to add. You see 
what we are doing in the company today is to drive operational efficiency across the 
company. We have been doing it over the past several years, of course. We have had various 
programs and material cost reduction, overhead reduction and all that. But what we're now 
trying to do is slightly larger, and this has been kind of disseminated to the operating teams 
itself. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 10 of 23 
So, there is a separate team that's looking at manufacturing planning and manufacturing costs. 
For instance, there's a separate team on Value engineering and product cost. The third one that 
is there is on sales realization itself. We are  doing a detailed heat mapping of what's 
happening in the market, what are the realizations across the various markets, how can you 
keep  tweaking the mix and the distribution to look at improving the net-price realization. 
I talked about realization. I've talked about distribution costs. I talked about margins. There 
are teams on overheads. But what we are trying to do is to use digital in a more wholesome 
way to drive productivity and reduce cost, which does not add value either to the customer or 
to the vendor or to any of the people in the chain. So, there's a lot of substitution of effort that 
is happening. 
Finally, we are also looking at productivity of people, and there's a lot of engagement that is 
happening at the ground level. There's a huge effort in ensuring that the whole team is 
working towards one goal, and not giving any forward-looking statements, but our plan is to 
do three or four things. 
One, to get deeper penetration and grow the share of business in India. The second one is to 
ensure that the growth businesses, which is LCV, international, defense, power solutions, 
aftermarket, grow even at a faster rate so that this helps to devolatize the company, and 
secondly, also improve the margins. 
As I told you, the growth businesses have significantly better margins than the main MHCV 
business. And exports is going to be something that we are looking forward to because 
currently, the international markets are very, very choppy, and they have not given us the 
opportunity for growth as we would like, even though we have been growing in the Middle 
Eastern markets. 
So, this is going to be, for us, very important, and we would want to ensure that we are also 
introducing very relevant and differentiated products as we move forward. These may not be 
very large offerings. But one thing that has happened to us has been that the AVTR range and 
the Bada Dost have done exceptionally well because these have been completely 
differentiated products that Ashok Leyland is offered, and that has helped us. So, we will 
continue to look at the benefits of better deeper penetration, cost management, and more 
importantly operating leverage driving the profitability of the company as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 11 of 23 
Pramod Kumar: 
Congratulations on an excellent set of operational numbers. Dheeraj, my first question is on 
the demand side. You did mention about segments like cements, steel and infra, which are 
doing well. If you can just help us understand better, given that data availability has got really 
good nowadays. If you can just help us understand what is the split of demand for the first 9 
months for you in terms of broader end-user applications where these trucks are going and 
categories which are kind of performing better or categories which can still come back in a 
good like tipper and other categories, which we haven't spoken about? If you can just give us 
some more color about the demand viz., end-user demand? And what are the sectors which 
you are kind of optimistic and what sectors can do better? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
See as I said earlier, it's quite a bit of detail. But broadly, let me tell you what's happening and 
that is one of the reasons why the industry profitability is also moving better is because we're 
seeing that there is the demand which has increased quite significantly in comparison to the 
other sectors in multi-axle vehicles, in tractor trailers and in tippers. These are the more 
profitable segments. 
The second one that is happening is the demand is also going for the larger tonnage. So that is 
why we are seeing that the vehicles that are getting sold are the 40 tons and 49 tons. So that 
drives. That's why I mentioned earlier that this helps in the profitability of the industry getting 
better. ICVs are important for us as a company as well and as a segment as well. We have 
been gaining growth and share in the ICV segment. 
But obviously, the ICV segment is lesser contributing than the heavy commercial vehicles. 
Now the other point is with respect to sectors, I think almost all significant transport, inducing 
sectors are doing well. Real estate, again, continues even in the new budget, I think, with the  
impetus is that has been given you're going to see real estate grow. 
Real estate is very important where the transportation is very crucial. Infra, the government 
continues to kind of pursue on infrastructure, an investment asset growth trajectory for the 
economy itself. And we are also seeing that almost all industries are posting good growth. 
So, if you look at the core sectors, if you look at cement, steel, chemicals, paper all these 
sectors are doing very well. The other bit that is doing well where we are seeing some bit of 
ICV growth is, of course is e-commerce. 
I think there has been a lot of change in demand pattern, especially after COVID. You see that 
e-commerce has now become very crucial for the average consumer, and even what is 
happening is it is not only this. There is also optimization of logistics that is being looked at. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 12 of 23 
So today, the focus has become that we need trucks, which will perform, which will deliver 
on time, which will reduce the total cost of ownership. So why I'm mentioning this is we 
could possibly see a trend where the replacement cycle of some of the BS II, BS III trucks 
which are there or even to a certain extent, BS IV would start happening faster because today, 
it is not about just having wheels on the road. It's about getting things on time, point to point. 
And all organizations are becoming very efficient in their inventory-management. 
So, we see a whole host of opportunities coming in. But at the end of all of this, what is most 
important is the economy must grow. That is where I think India scores and possibly, we will 
see industry growing over the next maybe 2 years at least going by the global forecast. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Fair enough. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
And just one point to add to that. Equally, on the passenger side, as you will see, there is 
growth coming in, in all areas, right, from staff transportation to schools. Also, huge growth 
in the electric buses as well, as you heard from Switch. So, across the board, all the segments 
are showing a very strong recovery. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Chairman, I had missed on the passenger side completely. I think that's going to show as you 
mentioned, a faster growth because we are quite far from the peak volumes that we have had. 
That's a very good point. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes. And just a follow-up on that. On the utilization side, Gopal, because there are factors 
which are headwinds for the sector like rising interest rates, moderating growth rate, but 
despite that the industry has really surprised everyone on the monthly velocity in terms of the 
volumes workouts or what are getting added. 
And one cannot forget the fact that the tonnage addition is significantly higher than the 
previous cycle because the average size of trucks has gone larger. So given all that, what is 
the feedback you're getting from the end users like if you have to get confidence on next year 
being a good growth year, utilization of the fleet will also be very important and hence, the 
replacement cycle or whatever contractual or regulatory new purchase of new trucks. How are 
you looking at utilization level, let's say, of different categories? And haulage is something 
which I think you did not mention in a positive light. So, is that category still not doing that 
great? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No. I mentioned haulage also. I said that what is happening, I did mention haulage also that, 
that's also another sector that we added, all the large trucks are doing well, and so is the ICV. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 13 of 23 
But the pull from the larger trucks, especially in tippers, haulage and I had mentioned tractor 
trailer ie., all the three. That has also improved the profitability. 
See, as far as next year is concerned, as we had mentioned, at the moment, all of us are 
confident that next year is also going to be a growth year. And given the forecast of the GDP, 
which we have recently got not only for the current year, for the next year as well, we don't 
see any logical reason why the demand for trucks should come up because there is nothing 
unusual that has happened. 
In the past, you must remember that we have had a lot of shocks, or I would say, certain 
developments like an axle load norm coming in or suddenly GST getting introduced or other 
factors, NBFC crisis coming in, which had actually resulted temporary contraction, but axle 
load had a much larger impact. 
Today, what we are seeing is as Chairman had mentioned, one is we have not yet fully seen 
the demand of buses coming back because the impact of COVID is just waning, and we are 
actually seeing people having pulled back up into offices, schools. Intercity transport is going 
to become crucial, and also STUs would want to place orders. 
And now again, as Chairman had mentioned, we are not only going to see demand possibly in 
internal combustion, but also in EV. That is why for us, Switch is very, very important. 
Switch is not a portfolio. It is for ensuring that Ashok Leyland is future ready. 
The third bit is if the economy is going to grow and they're going to see growth happening in 
all the major sectors, including the sectors that impacted, there is no reason for us not to plan 
for growth because it's not just about hoping for growth, this is a very complex industry. We 
need to plan for it also. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Raghunandhan from Emkay Global. 
Raghunandhan: 
Congratulations team on very strong numbers and welcoming Shenu sir on the platform. My 
first question, Ashok has been doing very well on market share, favorable mix, network 
expansion. New products have been supporting factors. Can you share your thoughts on how 
you see the sustenance of market share ahead? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Dheeraj, do you want to take it? 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 14 of 23 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Yes, sure. In the last few quarters, we have gradually been increasing our market share and 
had seen an all-round effort right from the product itself, which are performing very well, as 
Gopal was just explaining. 
And at the same time, the network expansion, geographically, you will see the growth is 
happening across the board, across the country. And we've been able to increase our market 
share in every zone that we're operating in and every segment as well. 
Going forward, I would say that our aspiration is very much to continue this growth. And as I 
think something I said earlier as well, but to continue this growth on a profitable basis, we are 
not looking to buy market share. We want to do this through our better product performance 
on our customer care and service. We are looking forward to continuing our growth and 
market share. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it. Good luck with that. And specifically coming to Q3 revenue performance, can you 
also indicate how was the performance in the non-vehicle side of business? In press release, 
you have alluded to aftermarket and Power Solutions business doing well. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes, I think the aftermarket has done well. I mean, while we don't give specific breakdowns 
on this, it has been growing at about 25% to 28% as well. And Power Solutions in absolute 
volume terms for Q3 has been flattish. But on a YTD basis, if my memory serves me right, 
they have posted nearly about 17% growth. 
So, these are very important business for us. Like we said, Defense business has seen some 
challenge now because of the ordering. It's got nothing to do with the business, but I think 
what we're waiting for the government orders to happen, especially on the kit side. 
So, we'll have more to share with you at the later about, I mean, later part of this year. But 
otherwise -- and exports is also in YTD terms has grown. Last year itself, it has grown by 
about 38% to 11,000 units from the previous 8,000. We are certainly expecting the growth in 
the current year as well. 
But we're waiting for the international markets to open up because there is a lot of uncertainty 
in the international waters currently. But having said that, the international team has also kind 
of   chalked out its plan clearly. There are teams now specifically looking at project orders, 
and there are teams which are looking at retail distribution. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 15 of 23 
So, in countries like Africa, while it's a little too early to share those developments, what we 
have been looking at is how do we get the network in place, how do we get the financing in 
place, which is going to be important not only for the dealer, but for the end customer as well. 
But you possibly would see that the export volumes if things start to return to normalcy in the 
international markets, you would possibly see that our export volumes will start to gain 
momentum. 
Raghunandhan: 
Just lastly, can you indicate what is the kind of investments you expect for '23 and '24? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
We are having our budget season now. So, it's a little too early to share what next year's capex 
will be. All that I can give you as an indicator is on the regular capex, we do not see any 
major chunk of investments. 
Every year, we give a forecast that we would do about Rs 750 crores, including capex plus 
investments. So, we'll come back to you for the fourth quarter earnings call. That will be more 
appropriate. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Most of my questions have been answered. I have very few, very quick follow-ups. On the 
margin side, would it be possible to give us some sense as to the 170, 180 basis point gross 
margin improvement that we've seen. Is it fair to assume that this is coming because of 
commodity easing? And do we expect that a similar sort of improvement kicking in quarter 4 
as well or bulk of the commodity correction is reflected in this Q3? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
We do have the numbers per se because we do slice and dice it internally. You have seen 
price increases happening in June quarter, September quarter. We did a price increase, I think, 
again, in the third quarter. 
So obviously, we have got about 4% - 4.5% of price increase happening, right? Now that's a 
net-price increase. I'm giving some broad numbers. These are not absolute on the dot. The 
second bit is, of course, steel prices have come off. So that has also kind of helped in the 
overall margin improvement. So, these are the 2 large things that have actually helped in the 
margin improvement. 
And finally, of course, we have also seen, since you're talking about contribution of our 
material costs, so I will not talk about operating leverage. But the third bit that has happened 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 16 of 23 
has been the mix of the products, which I have mentioned. The industry is moving towards 
slightly larger tonnage, which is good for the industry. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And this commodity tailwind will still sustain going into quarter 4 is what I'm just 
trying to understand? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
We are hoping that that will happen because it's good for the industry. We've had, I think, 
2020- 21 and 2021-22 partially were very tough years for the industry, not only because of 
COVID but also the soaring steel prices that were there, and it's good to see that prices have 
softened. So, it's very difficult. It's a conjecture at this moment in time, whether the reduction 
has happened in Q3. Will we see the same amount of reduction happening in Q4 further? We 
don't know. But like I mentioned earlier, we are expecting that the prices will continue at least 
at the exit rate of Q3, which is lower than the entry rate of Q3. So, to that extent, there is some 
benefit. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. The other one was, and I may be wrong on this Leyland Finance. I mean I do 
see some preference allotment there. I mean, is that something which AL has also 
participated? Some color on incremental investments have gone into the Finance business. 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No. Actually, just to kind of give a brief update on Leyland Finance. They had a qualified 
institutional placement (QIP) happening for about Rs 910 crores, which was announced. So, 
they are adequate on capital. And that is, in a way, for people who are looking at the Ashok 
Leyland balance sheet will be positive because there is no demand that will come in from 
Hinduja Leyland for funding their growth plans. They are adequately funded. 
I also wanted to share that they have also announced that there will be a merger with NXT 
Digital, which is a court -approved process and that is also underway. So with the regulatory 
approvals and all the necessary shareholder approvals, they'll come through, then the outcome 
would be that Hinduja Leyland Finance will become a listed company. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And lastly, on scrappage, if you can share thoughts, anything that we should read into 
the budget incremental impetus or any progress on that scheme, do we see that as an industry 
growth catalyst for the next 1 or 2 years? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Okay. We are also waiting for the detail of the budget notification to come in. But what the 
government has said is that all vehicles, above 15 years would be scrapped and there's a lot of 
focus mentioned. It includes passenger cars, etc.,  

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 17 of 23 
But we believe that this is definitely a positive, like we have been mentioning earlier, any sort 
of a policy announcement like scrappage, the government is signaling towards exiting the 
older vehicles, right? And we believe that this acceleration will happen even faster because of 
the changes in technology. 
We can't have a situation that's BS II, BS III, BS IV, BS VI all plying together when the 
government is also committed on the environment side. So, like our Chairman mentioned, we 
see two opportunities. 
One, we could see that because of this scrappage, there will be some addition to the 
replacement cycle. The second one is, because of the thrust on the government, including PLI, 
we are going to see maybe faster adoption of EVs, which is again good for Ashok Leyland 
and Chairman, you want to add something? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
No, I think, Gopal, you've covered it. We need to see the finer details. And I think since a 
while the government has been talking about this scrappage policy. And if there is some form 
of support that comes in from the center to the state government, I think that will expedite it. 
But if firmer or more clear directions come on this, it will definitely have a good impact for 
our industry. 
Moderator: 
 
We have the next question from the line of Hitesh from CLSA. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Most of my questions are answered. Just wanted to touch base more on the scrappage policy. 
Do you guys are also setting up scrappage centers or you're looking at doing that in 
anticipation of this policy? Because I think like you said, there's a lot of focus from the 
government on this. And maybe post elections, we could see something on this front. So have 
the government started talking to industry on scrappage center? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Chairman, would you want to take that? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Sure. We have, of course, been considering this since a while. We've explored the contours of 
what this would involve, but we have not gone into any capex mode at this point of time, just 
waiting for the final details to be announced. 
And then once you learn exactly what this would entail, we would be able to fine-tune our 
investments accordingly. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 18 of 23 
Hitesh Goel: 
So, I just wanted to ask a second question. Gopal, you said that the freight rates have kind of 
softened, I think Mr. Hinduja said that after the festive season. So why has that happened? 
Because when I see that there is some slowdown in consumption for sure. 
But when I see the e-way bill data, that is growing pretty rapidly. So, truck utilization should 
not have come off. So, can you shed some more light on this? Is it more seasonal or you're 
seeing softness in freight rates going ahead as well? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I think what we mentioned was more an overall overarching kind of view of what is 
happening in the industry. That is certainly not a trend. 
And I think we don't see any major impacts on freight rates. And we have no data to state that 
even freight rates will soften further. Chairman, would you want to add something? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
No, I think you're right. I mean what I said is the viability of fleet operators remain healthy, 
although there has been some moderation in the freight rates during this festive season. But I 
think going forward, the way the market is moving, I do not see softening on the freight rates 
to happen. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line Chirag Shah from Nuvama. 
Chirag Shah: 
Two questions. First question is on market share. If you can elaborate this a bit. Is it coming 
from because bounce back in the traditional strong markets or the gain largely coming from 
non-South markets where we have been making more inroads? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Well, Chirag -- Go ahead, yes. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I was just going to say that, as I mentioned, our market share growth has come across the 
country. In fact, we've had a stronger growth in the North and East in terms of the overall 
percentage. I mean, it has been due to the increase in the expansion of our network. 
But also, as Gopal has been explaining as well, there's been a strong product pool, which has 
also helped us. So, there's not only a Southern market growth, but it is an all-India growth that 
we've seen, the Western markets, Northeast, Central, across the board. 
Chirag Shah: 
This is helpful. Sir, second question was on the nature of demand again. I'm getting some 
conflicting reports that indicate that small truck operators are still not coming to buy, we are 
still trying to use the replaced vehicle and older vehicle and the demand is coming largely 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 19 of 23 
from medium and large fleet operators. Is this information correct? Or you are already seeing 
some interest coming from small truck operators also? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I think if I'm not wrong, demand from larger truck operators comprise anywhere between 
60% to 70% of the overall industry volume. And what we're also seeing is that the smaller 
operators in some way are getting tied up with the fleets as well. And we are seeing a lot of 
purchases from the first-time users as well. 
Of course, from a content perspective, led by in 50s or hundreds of units. But I would say that 
we actually see the demand coming from all segments. It's not only restricted to the fleet 
operator. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. And just a clarification, you indicated that at least for Q4, the commodity benefit is 
going to be similar or maybe a little bit soft, right? So, is it a large part of the benefit has 
come through and then how one would play out will depend upon how the prices behave from 
here on? Is it the right way to understand on the commodity assets? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
You are asking a tough question and asking us to peer into the crystal ball. We'll have to 
really wait and watch how the commodity plays out, right? 
When the export duty was more on steel, there was a perception that steel prices will harden. 
But they haven't because the point is that the Indian prices still continue to be higher than the 
global prices. So, at the moment, all we can see is visibility to fourth quarter. And even the 
fourth quarter, the commodity prices continue to be at the third quarter level or at the exit 
level as we kind of believe it will be, then it would have a positive impact. 
Of course, if it falls even further, then it has a greater impact. But these are all imponderables 
at this moment. But we haven't seen -- all we can say at the moment is sitting on the 2nd of 
February, we haven't seen a further decrease happening in commodity, but neither has there 
been any increase. 
So, at the moment, it looks like it is at the third quarter levels. The 1st of April, I mean, in Q1 
of next year, we'll have to really wait and watch to see what happens in the global commodity 
markets. Because it's not just about Indian commodity, right? It is a lot of things is going to 
depend on the global demand-supply condition also. So, we'll cross the bridge when it comes 
then. 
Chirag Shah: 
And we are a kind of a quarter lag, right, for the impact to flow through for us? 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 20 of 23 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes, in a way, yes, because of 2 reasons. That is inventory as well, right? I mean so you are 
seeing that benefit. So, there is FG inventory, that is RM and WIP, which is there, then so 
when that needs to get used in. 
And then typically, the industry also doesn't settle on a month-on-month. You know the steel 
industry; these are done on a quarterly basis. So, we have to actively engage with them to 
settle these prices. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Just 1 question on the net debt. If you could just explain how it has progressed from last year 
end, essentially the free cash flow generation, capex and how the net debt has progressed over 
the last 3 quarters? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Yes. Our net debt now is about Rs 2,043 crores, and in Q3 of FY '22 it was Rs 2,697. I think 
the number was almost the same, Rs 2,677 in Q2 of FY '23 also. The capex is roughly about 
Rs 346 crores. 
So, we are well on track and are conservative on the capex. We're tight on the capex, and 
there are multiple levels of discussions before we spend money on that. 
And overall, if you look at it, the net-debt levels have been improving, and we don't see an 
issue on that. I mean I don't know whether you have a specific question on that. 
Arvind Sharma: 
No, sir. And would you have any -- since you have some idea about the capex in the fourth 
quarter, any idea about where we could end up fiscal '23 at? Because I mean the EBITDA 
margin is expected to be better given the volumes. So, do you think that this could improve 
significantly over the next quarter? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
So, you see, as I mentioned, I stand corrected on this, it's not Rs 343 crores but Rs 321 crores 
So, the capex was Rs 321 crores. We had at the beginning of the year, said that it will be 
around Rs 750 crores, maybe we'll end up with Rs 600 crores. 
All I can tell you at this moment is we have 2 months more left. It should be lower than Rs 
600 crores definitely. Maybe we will even take it a little lower than that, but we'll share that. 
So all I can tell you is it's not a material amount of capex that we have today in the current 
half. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 21 of 23 
Jinesh K. Gandhi: 
My question pertains to the capex itself. I mean, given that we are expecting a strong growth 
to continue in FY '24 and given our other investment programs, should we look at increase in 
pace of investment going forward for the future growth, both on product and capacity side? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Chairman, would you want to take that? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
I would. Yes, sure. I think on the capacity side, we are, as Gopal was saying, we are looking 
at all the internal efficiencies that we can bring in debottlenecking within the plants wherever 
there are possibilities. 
So based on the current volume that we are foreseeing, I think we should be able to manage 
with the capacity that's on ground. We do not want to get into creating more overhead at this 
point of time. With regard to the product, as you recall, the introduction of AVTR as a 
modular platform, the benefit of it is that with very minor modifications, we are able to meet 
whatever the customer requirements are and in alternative fuels as well. 
So moving to whether it's CNG, hydrogen, LNG and I think that's the benefit of the AVTR 
platform. That was the high Capex that we went through. There are certain product categories 
that we are not currently present in, and we would be looking into setting up any gap that we 
have in the portfolio. But at this point of time, I think we are not seeing anything substantial 
to hit our Capex requirement. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. And just to clarify, the investment on the electric vehicle products, particularly on the 
LCV side, will be done through Ashok Leyland and not through Switch, is that correct? 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
No, like all the products coming out of Switch, the capex will be borne by Switch directly. 
And so, of course, there is an agreement between Ashok Leyland and Switch based on which 
these products would be utilized, but all the capex required for the electrification would be 
borne by Switch directly. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, in the Bada Dost EV product investment could be at Switch level, not at Leyland level. 
Dheeraj Hinduja:         That’s right. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Just one question from my side on the fleet operators. So, what we are hearing from large 
ones such as VRL is that the smaller and more unorganized fleet operators are losing out. So, 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 22 of 23 
the question here is what does this mean for us? And do we see the product mix probably shift 
towards larger trucks or mainly fully loaded trucks? 
And on the other side, does it also mean that the pricing gets a lot more competitive given that 
the large operators might bargain harder? So how does this clear out for us? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
I think from a product segment perspective, irrespective of the buyers, whether it's first-time 
users or whether it's fleet operator, what we see is that there is a clear segmentation on the 
delivery models that people require. So right from an LCV, ICV is still remaining the larger 
segment of the market. 
So, looking at the fleet tonnage between 9 to 18 tons, still is a very large segment. So, while 
we're looking at the whole distribution cycle, the last-mile delivery to the long distance that's 
needed across the country, I think we will continuously see all the different product categories 
are growing based on the market demand. what was the second part of your question? 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So, it is basically when you deal with, say, larger operators, would it also mean that you don't 
get that much of a pricing power with them? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
Well, I think a lot of it also depends on the demand itself and today, the demand remains very 
strong. And the competitiveness of other OEMs as well, how they are pricing. But as you are 
seeing currently the prices are improving based on the current demand requirements. 
So I'm not seeing any decline or reduction in terms of our ability to price our products. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. I would now like to hand it over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Thank you and thank you for your interest in Ashok Leyland. And I think as we mentioned, 
we've had a good quarter. We're seeing this trend to continue. The government commitment 
towards their capex and possibly the scrappage scheme introduction as well, all holds good 
promise for our sector. And we have grown our market share in the last few quarters, and we 
continue to do so. And this is across the country market share growth, and across the various 
product segments as well, including the passenger vehicle side. 
So, all in all, we remain very upbeat in terms of the prospect for this industry and for Ashok 
Leyland as a whole. Gopal, would you like to add anything further? 

 
 
 Ashok Leyland Limited 2nd February 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Page 23 of 23 
Gopal Mahadevan: 
No, I think you have wrapped it up, Chairman. So, we hope that we are able to continue with 
the performance and the macroeconomic factors continue to support the growth of the 
industry, and we'll have more to share in the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. 
Dheeraj Hinduja: 
Thank you. 
 
 
