 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
The Corporate Service  
Department                             
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001                  
 
The Listing Department                                                  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400 051                                                              
 
 
Sirs, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Conference Call February 09 2023 – Quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 
Further to our letter dated January 31, 2023 informing you of the earnings conference call, enclosed is 
the transcript of the said call held on February 09th 2023.  
This is uploaded on the website of the Company at https://tdps.co.in/financials/#earning_FR  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
N Srivatsa 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:  
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area  
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk  
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru – 562 111 India 
 
Tel     +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax    +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail     tdps@tdps.co.in 
 
www.tdps.co.in 
NAGARAJ
A 
SRIVATSA
Digitally signed 
by NAGARAJA 
SRIVATSA 
Date: 2023.02.14 
15:52:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“TD Power Systems Limited  
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call.” 
February 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – TD 
POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MS. M.N VARALAKSHMI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY HEGDE – TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. N. SRIVATSA – TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of TD 
Power Systems Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kumar, Managing Director of TD Power Systems 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kumar. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much once again for joining us on today's earnings 
call. I trust all of you would have received our results and investor presentation. 
Now I shall proceed to discuss with you TDPS's financial performance for the 9 months ended 
31st December 2022. First, let's talk about standalone. Our total income on a standalone basis 
for 9 months was INR 6.16 billion versus INR 5.13 billion over the same period previous year, 
an increase of 20%. Profit after tax and comprehensive income for 9 months was INR 593 
million versus a profit of INR 314 million for the same period previous year, an increase of 89%. 
Manufacturing revenues for 9 months was INR 5.9 billion versus INR 4.93 billion, an increase 
of 20%. EBITDA margin for the 9-month period is 6. -- 16.05%, including other income, which 
includes foreign exchange gains and the same will improve due to increased operational leverage 
in Q4. Manufacturing order book, including Turkey operations is INR 13.73 billion, which is 
INR 5.05 billion, manufacturing business, INR 8.47 billion, railways business and INR 0.21 
billion Turkey business. 
Export and deemed exports, excluding traction is about 61%. Order inflow, the company 
recorded its highest ever order inflow during the quarter since inception. Order inflow in the 9-
month period is 42% over the previous year period. Total order inflow for this current year stands 
at INR 613 crores versus previous year's INR 433 crores. Order inflow from domestic market is 
INR 2.66 billion compared to INR 1.7 billion, an increase of 56% and order inflow from export 
is INR 3.4 billion versus INR 2.42 billion, an increase of 40%. 
Projects business, revenue for the 9-month period remained flat at INR 0.14 million versus -- 
sorry, INR 0.14 billion versus INR 0.13 billion same period previous year. The company is no 
longer in the projects business. Hence, going forward, all orders booked by a branch office of 
Japan will be classified under the manufacturing segment, which comprises of generator sales, 
spare parts and other related jobs. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Now I move to the consolidated income. Our total income on a consol basis was INR 6.36 billion 
versus INR 5.86 billion same period previous year. Profit after tax and other comprehensive 
income for the 9-month period was INR 599 million versus a profit of INR 378 million. Last 
year, it also included INR 76 million of exceptional income for the write-back of creditors from 
our subsidiary company, DF Power Systems, an increase of -- still an increase of 58%. Our 
consol order book, as discussed earlier, is INR 13.79 billion. We continue to maintain a strong 
cash position of INR 2.04 billion. 
Now I'll talk about the market situation and guidance for this year. Overall, the demand for our 
products in India and across the world is extremely strong. The market penetration that we have 
been able to achieve over the past years has been instrumental ensuring that we have an increase 
in order inflow. In addition, macro conditions are favourable with power shortages in India and 
Europe and increased trust on renewables.  
This financial year, we are on track to have around INR 8.05 billion to INR 8.2 billion 
manufacturing sales from TDPS India and around INR 0.2 billion from TDPS Turkey. We 
expect gross contribution to be in the region of 30% to 31% for this year, which will result in 
EBITDA, including other operational income on a standalone basis to be between 16% and 
16.25% for Q4 and 16-plus percent for the full year. 
Foreign exchange gains have been included in this EBITDA calculation. In Q4, we continue to 
see a robust order book, which will ensure good growth for the next financial year. In general, 
my commentary from this point will be more forward-looking in the next financial year since 
we have already given the guidance and visibility for this financial year. 
Let me talk briefly about each segment, Steam Turbine. Strong demand continues from India 
and rest of the world. The order book for next year is very strong with all our major customers 
forecasting strong turbine sales with supplies to both India and abroad. Segments are garbage 
burning plants, process industries, wasted heat recovery and to a smaller extent, traditional coal-
fired captive power plants. We have secured 2 more orders in the 2 pole segment for a total of 5 
machines for next year. We had -- we will have the highest sales in the steam turbine segment 
this year and looking at the current order book inflow and the projections made by our various 
steam customers internationally and in India, we are confident we will surpass this year's number 
next year, which will then result in the highest ever sales for our steam turbine crossing this 
year's record. 
The same goes with hydro. We are projecting our highest order book and sales in hydro for next 
year. Our markets are 100% export, and we are seeing strong demand coming in from Southeast 
Asia, Nepal, as well as Europe. Once again, hydro, we are selling obviously all over the world 
and getting orders from all OEMs within India as well as outside India. Gas engines, we have a 
strong order book from -- and forecast from both our engine customers. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Our sales with the second engine customer is increasing rapidly and the progress is extremely 
encouraging. Recently, we got a number of orders from this engine customer for the US market, 
which is great progress. Since now they are using our machines in all their bids in their home 
market. Gas turbines, we are actively involved in a number of orders in the fracking industry in 
the US. We have recently closed an order. We have not been received the official document for 
it, but we have recently closed an order, and we expect to have at least 100 megawatts of total 
orders in this segment for the next financial year. 
Aftermarket, we have put a lot of efforts to develop the market for after -- for to repair not only 
our own machines, but also machines of our competitors. We are expecting the aftermarket 
business to be in the region of 7% to 8% of our next year sales. This includes our own machines, 
wind generators, competitors' machines, spares, service and as well as synchronous motor repair. 
Other segments, Railways, Indian Railways business on track. The motors have now clocked 
about 4 weeks on a locomotive, which has -- which is now in running condition to the Indian 
Railways. And we hope that it will all go well up to 6 months after which we will get the 
qualification. 
Indian Railways new projects, all eyes are now on the 12,000 horsepower bid and the results of 
this bid, and we hope that our customer will win this order. We should know about this by end 
of March hopefully this year. Synchronous motors, we still hold on our guidance of INR 50 
crores for next year. The pattern of inquiries for these motors and other inquiries for large motors 
is very large. It's around INR 500 crores. So prospects for us to pick up a section of these orders 
is very bright for execution for next year. With these developments, we're very excited about 
next year and the growth that we will achieve. Tentatively, we are projecting at least 20% growth 
next year, the upside potential. And we will -- we are going almost across the 4-digit to INR 
1,000 crores mark in the manufacturing business. 
We continue to invest in automation and productivity to improve operational leverage, to grow 
EBITDA margins and PAT. At around INR 1,000 crores turnover, we will see an improvement 
of EBITDA compared to this year since our cost will not increase in proportion to our sales. All 
our subsidiaries will be profitable this year except TDPS Turkey, which has shown an exchange 
loss but not an operational loss. As I said in our previous earnings call, with the sufficient 
business and deteriorating economic conditions in Turkey, we will suspend our manufacturing 
operations in Turkey by 31st May 2023. 
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy to address any queries that 
you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Khanna from Banyan Capital Advisors. 
Mohit Khanna: 
Sir, congratulations for a very strong set of earnings and your execution during the quarter. I had 
a query regarding the sustainability of EBITDA margins. Is there any one-off that you have, first 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
of all, in these margin share? And then how do you see margins progressing? I think you 
mentioned it some of this. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. I think the margins are very sustainable. And the margins are dependent on our sales and 
order inflow and sales, so -- and our operational efficiency. So we are seeing, as I said, we have 
had a record order inflow for this 9 months for this year. And Q4 also, we've seen an extremely 
strong order inflow. So all these things are going to count towards our sales of next year. We 
have projected that we're going to be entering -- crossing close to INR 1,000 crores -- definitely, 
crossing INR 1,000 crores of sales next year. Our gross contribution is going to be really, 
whatever we have projected. So EBITDA margins are sustainable, very much sustainable. 
Mohit Khanna: 
Because -- I'm asking this because if you look at the September quarter, from there, our revenues 
have come down slightly by around 3%, but gross margins have improved from 20% -- from 
almost 30% to 33.7% in this quarter. So what exactly is the reason for that? Is it the mix that has 
changed for us or FX has been accounted for, if you could just pinpoint the reason here? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, it's -- I mean quarter-on-quarter, we have different mixes. So we would have had a number 
of service jobs and aftermarket jobs in Q3. But what we're projecting for the whole year is 
sustainable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Sir, if I look at the -- in your breakup in your presentation, which you have given, the export is 
showing kind of a decline compared to last year in terms of the revenues. So is there any 
particular onetime issues over there that has led to this decline or you see there is some structural 
trend? Because our order intake as per your commentary in exports is good. So why this 
reduction in revenue? 
Moderator: 
Participants, please stay connected. Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected while we join 
the management to the call. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. We have the 
line for the management reconnected. Nikhil, sir, you may go ahead. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes, please repeat that question. The second one, I missed it out. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
In your presentation, you had mentioned the numbers that there is a decline in that. So just 
wanted to understand that is there any particular onetime issue or some hiccups in that? And will 
that revert back in the next quarter onwards on the export execution? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So the total exports -- total exports is around -- will be around -- exports deal is 61% of our order 
inflow. And our total export sales will be 60% of our overall sales. So quarter-to-quarter, there 
could be some variations, but we will -- it will catch up in Q4. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And we are pretty much confident in achieving this year's guidance in the manufacturing, right, 
or is there any change in that guidance? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I have already said in my earnings calls is that we're going to achieve these numbers and 
we're going to achieve these numbers. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And in terms of the order intake flow funnel, if you look at it, like what is your general sense? 
Because there was some pent-up demand in Europe and US, which we were expecting this year. 
So do you expect the same traction to continue in FY '24 onwards as per whatever the discussions 
that you have with the customers or the funnel that you're looking at, just to get some clarity on 
FY '24 order intake, if you can? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So we are -- as I said, the macro conditions are very favourable to the company. One is in 
Europe, and there's an increased trust in renewables. So we are going to see sustained demand 
coming from this sector because it's not possible for them to replace the entire gas, power 
network in just 1 year or 2 years by other forms of energy production. So certain portion of this 
will go for renewables and it can go on -- it could go on for years or probably a decade. So we're 
very confident in the macro conditions as far as Europe is concerned will give us sustained 
demand. One is that. 
Second is that we have a low market share in Europe, and we have the potential still to grow our 
business by increasing market share When it comes to the domestic market, we're seeing the 
order inflow, for example, for the domestic market 9 months this year versus 9 months next -- 
last year, is up 56%. So the domestic market is also contributing to our projections for next year. 
We are seeing strong macro situation in India also, the capex cycle and also the investments 
taking place in different parts of the economy is increasing. 
And we are very upbeat and confident that the Indian market also will provide us sustained 
growth. In addition to that, we are also getting into the segments of motors and Indian Railways, 
and we hope that our customer will win this 12,000 horsepower. So there's a lot of things on the 
table, which will help us to grow our business even further. What we're talking about for next 
year is not including, for example, anything coming from the Indian Railways because the motor 
is still under the trial period. We're not talking anything about what would happen if our customer 
win this 12,000 horsepower railway contract, all those things will go into FY '25. 
And we're going to have further initiatives for growth then coming in from these segments for 
FY '25. So the macro conditions overall are very good. And the company has positioned itself 
in multiple sectors with multiple products. And these multiple products in multiple geographies, 
multiple sectors is what is driving the growth. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And sir, is that Alstom winning that 12,000 horsepower and either or what is your backup plan? 
Because in 9,000 horsepower, we saw the competition was very aggressive in terms of pricing? 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
There is no backup plan. There is no backup plan. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. 
Nikhil: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. So, Nikhil, one question, if we look at the gross 
margin expansion for this quarter, there are 2 points which I wanted some clarity. One is like for 
all these periods, we were seeing a major RM or is it more of a improvement on the RM side, 
which has supported the gross margin or is it a business mix change in terms of higher 
replacement and maintenance of the aftermarket, which has supported a margin improvement? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So the sales are slightly lower in last quarter compared to what we did in Q2. So the increase in 
gross contribution is coming through a better mix in Q3. And I've always been saying that we 
will increase our gross contribution marginally going forward by 1 percentage points or 2 
percentage points, mainly due to better mix, more -- we're talking about 7% to 8% now of our 
total business coming in from aftermarket business, which earlier used to be just 3% or 4%. So 
almost doubling the amount of work that we're doing from the aftermarket business. 
All these things are improving our gross contribution. And to a certain extent, we're not seeing 
any increase in the raw material prices. So we are having a stability in the raw material prices, 
and that's not giving any adverse effect to our gross contribution. So these things are -- and 
addition to that, if you look at what's going to happen in Q4, I think Q4 now, we have almost 
INR 220 crores to do versus what we did INR 225 crores to do versus we did, let's say, INR 190 
crores, INR 195 crores in Q3. So this additional INR 30 crores of sales in Q4 will give 
operational leverage, and therefore, we will see higher EBITDA margins coming in, in Q4 
compared to what we had in Q3. 
In general, and if you talk about next year doing INR 1,000 crores and making INR 250 crores 
every quarter on an average, then we're going to have further increase in EBITDA margins due 
to operational leverage. So I think the trend of -- the trend going forward is strongly towards 
increasing the profitability of the company. And it's going to be driven by the mix, higher 
proportion of aftermarket business and operational efficiency and higher sales. This is the way 
that the company is going to increase its gross contribution -- is going to increase its EBITDA 
margins and PAT. 
Nikhil: 
Secondly, on motor business, if I have to understand, so if you look at Bharat Bijlee and TG, 
they also have this motor part of the business. So would we be competing directly with them or 
would we be operating in the lower megawatt versus where they are operating? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I have a number of times have mentioned that we are only going to be working in certain 
niches in the motor market. We're going to be focusing on the synchronous motor business, 
which is large motors starting around 5 megawatts, 6 megawatts going up to 30 megawatts or 
40 megawatts, in that segment, we don't see these players as you mentioned in this segment. And 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
we are talking about large induction motors once again starting around 3 megawatts, 4 
megawatts going up to 15 megawatts, 20 megawatts. 
And these will be for very special applications in the nuclear power industry or in the thermal 
power industry for very large motor pumps and things like that. so we're looking at very 
specialized products, where the company's technological strength can be used to get -- to deliver 
the right product, get the right kind of pricing and also be in the market where there's limited 
competition. We're not interested in being in the smaller size mass market motor business. 
Nikhil: 
And last question, we had some operations in Turkey. So because of this earthquake, any impact 
or anything you are hearing or how the -- we don't see any... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I mean, in general, I don't see -- firstly, that we don't know what the earthquake has just 
taken place a few days ago, right? So we don't know what the -- but in general, the economy is 
weak. In general, they have a foreign exchange problem. In general, they have extremely high 
inflation. They have very low investment taking place in the power sector. So these macro things 
are not going to change because of the earthquake. 
In fact, some of it, it may become worse. So our decision to sustain the operations over there is 
the right decision. We may just keep the factory partially open just for after sales service and 
maybe do some refurbishment jobs and things like that. But very, very skeletal manpower and 
very, very small costs. We're not interested in -- we have to wait and see how this market shapes 
up in the next 1 year. It doesn't shape up in the next 1 year, it continues to be in this way, and 
we don't also see getting meaningful business in the aftermarket business, and we will 
completely close down. Right now, we're talking about the suspension. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from oo3 Capital. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes. Nikhil, great set of numbers. I had a few questions, okay. One was on the aftermarket 
business, which we expect to be 7% to 8% of our revenue. So is it focused majorly in India or it 
is focused outside India? And what is the competitive scenario in this business? And is there 
some technical means expertise or approvals required outside India so that you can be a 
generator, let's say, to do servicing? And yes, any thoughts on the margins also in this business? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, the aftermarket business right now for us as far as the repairs and refurbishments are 
concerned, it is mainly domestic. For our own machines, of course, we do sell spare parts and 
provide service for our machines internationally. But we're not -- we're not doing repairs, out-
of-warranty repairs for our job internationally because out-of-warranty repair would need the 
machines sitting somewhere in South America. It needs 6 weeks to come here, 6 weeks to go 
back. It doesn't make sense for the customer to wait. I mean, the machine is sitting in a ship. 
So repair jobs, refurbishment jobs for international businesses is difficult to get. People prefer 
to go to local service providers, and we do have local service shops. So we do coordinate and 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
the job is done, and we may get -- and we get a certain amount of money from them, but not 
doing the actual service jobs ourselves. And we're focusing on the domestic market, as I said, 
we're focusing on our own machines. We're focusing on the large wind repairs. We're focusing 
on certain types of motors, and we are focusing on spare parts as well. So this is a range of 
activities right now, which will give us a total turnover, as I said, 7% to 8% of our total next 
year's sales, and margins are good. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And both gross margin and EBITDA are better in this business? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes. Yes. Once gross margins are good, EBITDA would be good. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And one very wild question, we just want to understand your thoughts. In the peak of last cycle, 
2012-2013, our margins on manufacturing touched something like 18% to 20%, okay? Is the 
scenario possible that we can reach back to those numbers with a much more diversified 
customer product profile, customer base and more approvals globally, or do you think the 
competitive scenario environment is such that it is just a wild shot. So some of your thoughts on 
that will be helpful? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think we need to look at -- be competitive in the market also. So there's -- we will probably flat 
-- I don't know, I don't want to put a number to it. But moving from 16% upwards, we need to 
get that mainly coming through our internal efficiency and operational efficiency. And expecting 
to get increased EBITDA margins through better pricing in the market, and that's going to be 
hard in this environment, especially now when raw material prices have stabilized, and it's not 
going to be possible to get price increases in the market at this point of time. EBITDA increases 
are going to take place purely through operational leverage, operational efficiencies. So, we will 
see incremental improvement from current levels for sure. And beyond that, I don't want to 
comment at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from Ithought PMS. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is about the revenue capacity that 
we will have. I think we have mentioned that we will have a manufacturing capacity of INR 
1,400 crores to INR 1,500 crores from the existing plants without much capex. Is that correct? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And aftermarket business, whatever we do, spares and repairs, that will be in addition to this. Is 
that also correct? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
No, that will be within this. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
Within this. Okay. Understood. And sir, the other question is about the business mix that we will 
be generating from, let's say, biomass or other waste to energy solution kind of products on the 
segments? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. So the Steam Turbine business is where we do waste to energy, we do biomass, we do 
cogeneration. So if you talk about total Steam Turbine sales, how much of it is coming from 
fossil, how much is coming from renewables, I don't know. Vinay, if you -- I think it could be 
60%, 70% coming from renewables, 30%, 40% coming -- internationally, it's all renewables. 
Management: 
 
Perfect, sir. Absolutely, yes. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Internationally, it's 95% renewables, India, let's say, it's about 50-50. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Okay. So international -- okay, understood. So biomass sales and other renewables, which are 
basically, steam, which fall under the steam category. You're saying international is mostly that 
and India is 50-50. Understood. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes. All right. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Jiten Parmar from Aurum Capital. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Yes. So congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is basically that in the last con 
call, if I remember correctly, I mean there -- is there in my note, sir, that our guidance was INR 
890 crores for FY '23. So -- and we have done around INR 630 crores. So are we looking at 
achieving that number? That is my first question. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes, on a consol basis, we are going to achieve that. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay. And so the question is the 9-month sales growth has been only 10%. We have a very good 
increase in the margins. So are -- I mean, are orders delayed or what is the reason that our sales 
growth has been a bit tepid? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, could you -- Varalakshmi, could you comment on that? Sales growth has been totally on a 
stand-alone basis, our sales are up by 20%. 
Jiten Parmar: 
 
Okay. So that is because of Turkey is what could be the reason, is that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. I mean, 20% increase in the standalone, standalone in manufacturing. So most of our 
business is mainly manufacturing business. So the subsidiaries contribute -- I mean, they're 
getting orders for the manufacturing business. So mainly, you can see that our sales up by 20%. 
I don't... 
Jiten Parmar: 
 
Because the presentation, you mentioned that 9-month... 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Turkey, Turkey last year was very large. You're right. Turkey last year was large, and Turkey 
this year is not so large. Therefore, on a consol basis, you will not see that much of growth. 
Correct. You're right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Krishna -- Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures. 
Krisha Kansara: 
So, sir, you had mentioned that the order inflow is for the 9-month is the highest ever. But still, 
is there any hint of demand softening and especially on the domestic side? Do you think that 
there is a slowdown in the inquiry levels? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we are not seeing that. We're not seeing that in Q4, and we’re not seeing in the forecast also. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Sir, and my second question is that last month, a leader was awarded with a 1,200 electric 
locomotive award. So can we expect this to flow to us as well? And if yes, how big can this 
opportunity be? This is my second question. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. We don't know what that company wants to do. We're in touch with them. They have not 
yet made up their mind whether they want to make or buy. So we have to see what -- how it 
shapes up. Right now, we are not counting this in our projections. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. 2 questions. Sir, the first one is broadly, our 
order book is up by 42%. And generally, our execution cycle remains the same. So when you're 
guiding for 20% growth next year, are you -- are you factoring in change in execution cycle or 
do you think you are on the lower side of the guidance to be conservative? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Lower side of the guidance to be conservative. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
 
Okay. So execution cycle remains the same, right? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's update -- easy to update the guidance and we will do so in the subsequent quarters as we 
keep talking to the market. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And another thing, I think you mentioned that next year, we are seeing 100 bps -- at least 100 
bps improvement in gross margin and our revenue also is going to be substantially larger. So -- 
from where we will land at 16% this year on EBITDA margin? A couple of 100 basis point 
improvement in margin is something which is realistic number to look at? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes. Definitely, the realistic number to look at. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Megh Shah from Prospero Tree. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Dhruvesh here. So just wanted to understand any plans on the next buyback because now money 
is flowing and the last buyback is a little bit old now? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The Board is discussing all the options on what to do with the cash flow that we have. We will 
keep the market informed. Obviously, the two ways to return money to the shareholders would 
be through dividends and buybacks, both the options are definitely on the table. We will keep 
the market informed on which way we want to go. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Okay. And Nikhilji, one more in that connection, because last 5 years, 7 years, you have been 
consistently adding one or the other line of activity associated to your expertise. Are there 
enough rooms to have more product lines or more service lines or associated areas? I mean can 
we expand the target markets of our business over the next 2 years, 3 years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, yes, we do. We have a number of -- we have -- we -- this is a constant activity within the 
company. We have to -- we have to keep looking at ways to grow. So we need new products, 
we need new activities. We have a few things which we are working on intensively right now. 
And once they come to the point where we can discuss with the market, we will discuss it with 
the market. But we are definitely working on new things, no doubt about it. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Janak, Individual Investor. 
Janak: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. My one query is around the nature of the business that 
we have. So what kind of partnerships do we have with be it partners like Alstom or somebody 
else? One. Do we have more partners? And are we also independently bidding for railway orders, 
the nature of those orders? And what gives us the right to win those orders, either through 
partners or independently? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, so the market, which is there for the tender, right, for the new tenders for the locomotive 
business, those are tenders where the party has to manufacture the entire locomotive. And we 
are nowhere in that business, right? So it will be a global major who is in the business of building 
locomotive, someone like Siemens or Alstom or Wabtec from the US. So there are a number of 
-- there's a handful of companies who do this. We have a relationship with an existing company 
who has got an existing job with the Indian Railways. And we believe that -- and they are making 
the 12,000 horsepower already for the Indian market. 
And there's a second tender coming for 12,000 horsepower. So we hope that they should be in 
the best position to get the best pricing since they already making this machine. So we hope that 
happen. Now the second part of the business is the Indian Railways business, where we directly 
are making the traction motors for the Indian Railways. And I have mentioned that a number of 
times that for this business, our motors are under qualification. We have put the first 6 motors 
on a locomotive. It has to be -- and the locomotive has to run for 6 months with our motors 
without any problems, then we get into the stage of being qualified. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
We are 1 month into that process. We got to wait for another 6 -- 5 more months and hope 
nothing goes wrong. Once that happens, we will be eligible to bid for all the new tenders and 
get a certain portion of it and a good pricing. And that's our goal. I think we will see the results 
of all this taking place, I mean in the -- towards the end of this calendar year. 
Janak: 
And a follow-up to this, what will give us a right to win these orders? What will be our 
competitive advantage? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
So with the Indian Railways, you're saying? 
Janak: 
Yes. Yes. The ones that you are independently targeting through motors. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
These are -- I mean, we have extremely good manufacturing setup, highly productive. And we've 
invested very good money to produce very high-quality machines. And we have shown this to 
Indian Railways, and they are excited and impressed by our facilities, and we believe that we 
can offer a better quality product at the tender prices. In the end, it's about quality. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Alisha from Envision Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
My first question is a large domestic primary mover has been calling out that there is some 
slowdown in domestic inquiry. Generally, our demand would also be linked. So are we also 
slightly returned back and this is witnessing some slowdown in inquiry and hence conversion? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Vinay, will you take this question, please? 
Management: 
 
Hello. Madam, can you repeat that question? 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So I was asking that a large domestic primary mover has been calling out that there is slowdown 
in domestic inquiry. I just wanted to understand that are we also sensing maybe the first signs of 
the same? 
Management: 
No. Absolutely, there is no -- inquiries levels are not going down, it is rather going up. So we 
are not seeing that. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Could there be a specific reason for this deviation? 
Management: 
 
No. See, we are seeing... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think it's hard for us to comment on -- hard for us to comment on what competitors maybe 
seeing. I think what we are seeing is -- yes, what we're seeing is that there is an increased order 
inflow taking place from the domestic side. And we are not seeing the slowdown. We are also 
seeing with a larger machine business about 50 megawatts. There's a lot of inquiries also in that 
space. That is also a part of what we call our domestic Steam Turbine business. So I think all 
put together, we are seeing an increase. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Management: 
And this year, as Nikhil told, we are going to have the highest Steam Turbine business sales, and 
next year also, we are going to see the same thing. We have a very good pipeline of orders. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
That's great. My second question is on Railways. It's a 2-part question. One, how much of our 
next year's growth is factoring in getting some orders won directly from Indian Railways or the 
tender that's expected to open in March? And second is, generally, how are the margins in the 
Railway business, because if -- are the margins going to be lucrative enough for us to be able to 
maintain the kind of margins that we're currently doing on a consol basis? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. The Indian Railways business is definitely will give better gross contribution than what we 
have with our business currently. Once we get to that stage of being in that category 2 or category 
1 supplier, okay? That's important for us to be investing, then you set those prices and with those 
prices, you make good money. But the 12,000 horsepower, we have to see. 
We have to see whether our customer wins it. It's given what happened with the 9,000 
horsepower and the price difference which was there between the 2 parties over there is currently 
throwing a lot of doubt whether they will win this 12,000 horsepower also. And we have to wait 
and see. It's not in our hand. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
No, I understand that. I just want to know, is this part of our aspiration of the 20%-plus growth 
that we're saying for '24 or that is excluding this or... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I have mentioned earlier that we're not counting the Indian Railways business for FY '24. We're 
not counting the... 
Moderator: 
 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you, but we are losing your audio. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Okay. I will repeat. We're not counting the Indian Railways business for next year, and we're 
not counting the -- any potential win by our customer for the 12,000 horsepower also for next 
year's turnover. I mentioned that all these things would start to contribute initially when we are 
successful will start contributing in a big way for FY '25. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure. And just a clarification, while you were mentioning that Indian Railways orders can tend 
to be better gross margin. This is one. Our products which are currently being evaluated and 
after 6 months once they are approved, we are speaking about that batteries, right, will be the 
better margin on a relative basis? Okay. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, just wanted to understand your motor business. You just explained that railway is a area, 
where motors are under development, I mean in the trial, and so maybe by this year-end, we will 
get a clarity on this. So this motor development, is it only looking for domestic purpose or even 
export side, we can do some work on the site? 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, there are -- there is a traction motor, which is the railway motor, railway business. That's 
one segment. And then we are talking about the other segments of the motor business, the 
synchronous motor, which as we said is for the large irrigation project -- segment. We're 
focusing mainly on domestic. Even the traction motor business focusing only on domestic. And 
the last, the third part is induction motors, large induction motors for compressors and other 
applications there. We are not looking only domestic, we're also looking at export. 
There are a number of opportunities which we're pursuing. We will definitely be able to tell you 
about all these things in the 3 months' time or 4 months' time. But we are -- the earlier question 
whether we're working on new products and new markets, we are working intensively on 
obviously how we can expand our portfolio within these specific sectors, which will give growth 
not for the next financial year, but for FY '25. We have to build the pipeline for FY '25 to grow 
another 25% in FY '25. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So sir, 3-year down the line, is it possible -- reasonable to assume that this business can become 
significantly bigger than what it is currently now in terms of... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes, it is bigger than what it is right now definitely, for sure. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Yes. And sir, you said that you would like to stick to the large motors, which are usually 
industrial. The motor is -- the demand is picking up very strong across the category in India. So 
we don't want to be -- I mean, what could be a possible rational? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, while the demand is picking up overall, it will generate in the motor business, there is also 
a lot of capacity and a lot of competition. So it's not like the shortage in the market right now. 
The incumbent players will get benefited in the smaller motor business, and it's good for them 
and -- but we're not interested to get into that. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Adit from Vibrant Securities. 
Adit Shah: 
Nikhil, and the entire team, I have a few questions. The first one is on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
we have seen that the employee cost is down by INR 2 crores. So should we read into that or is 
it just a quarterly fluctuation? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Varalakshmi, can you answer that question, please? 
Adit Shah: 
 
Hello? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Varalakshmi? 
Management: 
 
Yes, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Can you take that question, please? Yes. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Management: 
 
Yes, I've taken the question. It's only a quarterly fluctuation. 
Adit Shah: 
So 9-month trend is what should -- we should look at, right? 
Management: 
 
Yes. Yes. Correct. 
Adit Shah: 
So broadly, I see that the cost base, the cost structure beyond the raw material has grown by 12% 
in 9-month of this year. Should we expect the same trend in the coming years around 10% to 
12%? Will that be the correct way to look at things? 
Management: 
If the inflationary costs will have to be considered, the employee, the salary increase and even a 
small increase in the number of people and the revenue expenses, the inflationary part will have 
to be built in. Around 10% to 12% should be considered. 
Adit Shah: 
So 10% to 12% captures all that or will we need more investments, given the strong growth that 
we are envisaging? 
Management: 
 
No, I think that should... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The small investments are taking place, yes, small investments are taking place anyway. But as 
you said, 10% to 12%, the entire range of cost increases for us to do this additional turnover 
what we have projected for next year. 
Adit Shah: 
My second question is actually a clarity on your FY '23 guidance, which I think is around INR 
890 crores on a consol basis, but on stand-alone, it is somewhere around INR 810 crores to INR 
830 crores. Is that correct? The consol guidance is around INR 890 crores? 
Management: 
 
Yes, we will do. 
Adit Shah: 
And my last question is on your capital allocation. So one of the base is obviously dividend or 
buyback. But how is the company looking at expanding the capacities, given that we might -- 
we are nearing our utilization? So I just want to understand the various options which the 
management is thinking beyond just a buyback or a dividend? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So we need to keep aside some money for the day when we need to put up a new plant, right? 
And we will put aside some money for that every year until we take a decision to invest. And 
beyond that, the surplus cash, which is there would be then to some extent, would be again 
distributed to the shareholders either through a dividend or a buyback. 
These are the options that we have on the table. And as we generate the cash and as we come -- 
look at the visibility of the business and as we come closer to the decision of putting up a new 
plant and things like that, then we will evaluate all -- what's best for the organization and then 
we will do what's best for the company. So that's our thinking right now. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Adit Shah: 
 
Can I take one more question, please? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes. Go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you. I'll request you to come back in the question queue. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Yes, no... 
Adit Shah: 
 
Okay. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Let him ask. 
Moderator: 
 
Okay. Go ahead. 
Adit Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much. My last question is on the product development. Just want to 
understand, as a company, how do we evaluate which products to enter, just to understand the 
framework, not expecting your pinpointed reply on what products we are entering, but the 
framework? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The framework, it has -- one is, it has to -- we need to have core competence in that area or we 
need to be able to develop the core competence as an extension of the core competence that we 
already have. That's the first criteria. Then we look at the size of the market, we look at the 
complexity of the product, we look at pricing, we look at marketing, we look at the serviceability 
of the product. There's a number of factors will go in before we take a call. But I would say the 
key factors are, it has to be something which requires our technological ability and -- with which 
you can get decent pricing. That I think for us a really, really important part. 
Adit Shah: 
So essentially, that basically means rotating machines, right? I mean is that what captures 
everything of -- about our abilities? Are there something beyond that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
No, it's rotating machines, electrical rotating machines. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric Securities. 
Manoj Dua: 
I'm glad to hear that our relationship with the gas -- new gas Indian customer is improving and 
going forward. Can you throw some color on any new client addition we can with the Europe or 
USA. and any development on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
OEM, we don't have any new clients or new OEM addition to report at the moment. We are 
working on a few things, Manoj, we will -- we should be able to inform the market as I said in 
a few months from now. Once we bring the deal to the point where we have visibility about the 
business, we have the agreement signed and then we can answer all the questions that you want 
to put to in front of us. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from ithought pms. Rohit, may I request 
you to unmute your line from your side and go ahead with your question, please. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, Nikhil, a couple of questions. So you mentioned -- so one was just answered in the previous 
participant's call. So I'll ask, the another question was that, so you mentioned that in the motors 
business, you'll be looking at very niche or very specific applications where competition is not 
going to be much. So any sense on what kind of opportunity would these be in terms of, let's 
say, rupee size?  
And would this be more like a sporadic opportunity or there is, like, for example, you mentioned 
about synchronous motors, most sporadic opportunities with irrigation or ponds, et cetera, where 
that gets created or large construction. So just wanted to understand if there is a general sense 
on the overall opportunities -- you enlisted a few industries, if you can spend some time on that, 
that will be helpful? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. So in general, I think there is going to be a big continuing investment in the irrigation sector 
as far as India is concerned. And so we will -- we know that there are a large number of projects 
which are in the pipeline, and we know that it's going to continue to be a big business in India 
for years to come. That's one. Second is, we also know that there's going to be a big investment 
in the nuclear power plant business in India. That definitely, India is going to keep adding new 
nuclear power plants, a big ambitious program is there. 
And the -- each of these nuclear power plants requires a number of different parts of the plant, 
different types of very, very special motors, which we are qualified for and we're bidding for. 
And these would be again long-term contracts. So we would have good visibility of orders for 
years to come once we actually get into the business of making these motors and we're not very 
far away from that.  
We'd probably be able to announce the first order in the next time we speak. And then generally, 
in the industrial sector, there will be specialized motors, which are required. And the third part, 
which you talked about the export, we are definitely -- we are looking at the LNG side. We're 
looking at the compression as well as on the LNG side internationally, that first, we want to be 
a big business for years to come. 
And there is a big requirement for the specialized motors required for compression. And we are 
actively in discussions with 2 or 3 parties who want -- who are actually engaging with us to 
make these motors for them. So let's see how everything shapes up, Rohit. We are working 
towards getting good business for the company.  
We want to position ourselves well in the sectors, and we want to entrench ourselves. The sectors 
are all exciting. There's enough of business, large amounts of business. It's now a question of 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
how much we can get from that and how quickly we can get into that. So our team is working 
full, putting all effort to make it happen as soon as possible. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sure, just to follow up, Nikhil -- that's very encouraging again to hear. Most of these would be, 
again, today -- whatever you mentioned today, these would be all imported today or there is -- 
there are players in India who are making it, let's say, for a nuclear or even for synchronous this 
kind of orders that you are trying to go after? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Nuclear, I would say, is imported and domestic share is a major player in this market. Similarly 
for irrigation projects, it is imported, plus DHL is definitely one of the big players in this market. 
So we have scope because there's a large -- imports are there right now. And we want to -- and 
definitely, in India and the government's push on Make in India is helping us to move this process 
along faster. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sure. My second question was on the fracking order that you mentioned. In general, can you just 
share some commentary on how you're seeing that oil prices being wherever they are, do you 
see that could be a good opportunity for the next, probably next year or maybe beyond that as 
well? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I can't look at -- I can't -- it's been so volatile, I don't want to give any comment on that. But right 
now, at the moment, it looks like there is investments taking place for power generation, and it 
looks like they may now increase a number of wells they're going to be drilling. And so we have 
-- we see price for about 100 megawatts, 125 megawatts of orders coming in the next 1 month 
or 2. Beyond that, let's see. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sure. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
Keep you updated, Rohit. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sure. And sir, last question, Nikhil. So we've been very optimist and order inflow also is 
suggesting that and order inquiry is also very strong in the domestic market. So just wanted to 
understand, is there -- I mean from a competition standpoint, I mean, are there more players 
coming back or that's still not happening? Any commentary on that would be very helpful? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
 
No, I think in general, the industry is doing well in general, right? 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Right. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So in general, the power business, all the companies in the power business are doing well. And 
everybody has capacity. So we're not seeing new players coming in. But it's good that these 
industries have suffered for so long is doing well, and I hope it continues for a longer time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital Partners. 

 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Nikhil, if you look at our order inflow on a quarterly basis, so we have broadly been in the range 
of around INR 200 crores to INR 220 crores kind of run rate for the past 2 quarters, 3 quarters. 
Given the kind of inquiry pipeline that you have, do you think we can touch INR 280 crores, 
INR 300 crores kind of order inflow on a quarterly basis, let's say, by next year or at least in the 
second half, if not in the first half? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I don't want to give a projection, projection on that. See, I'm not going to give a yes or no answer 
on that. Obviously, we need to grow our business from the FY '24 level to FY '25 level, and that 
will have to be reflected in the order inflow. So how much is going to be and how far we want 
to get with some of these new initiatives and how much benefit we're going to get, are we going 
to get lucky, some our -- one of our -- if our partner wins this 12,000 horsepower, there are so 
many factors that want to contribute towards what we're going to see happening in FY '25. So 
let's wait on that. I'll answer your question maybe in, if not next quarter, definitely the quarter 
after that. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And second question was on the margin side, Nikhil. So we have reported one of the highest 
gross margins in the past 6 quarters, 7 quarters. And that has also resulted in significant 
expansion in our EBITDA margins. And you have highlighted that you aspire to reach 34%, 
35% kind of gross margins over the medium to long-term basis. So given the current prices of 
raw material, especially copper, do you think this kind of gross margins can be maintained for 
FY '24? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I don't think I have mentioned 34%, 35%. I have said around 32% is what we are aspiring 
to. And we will get to 32%. We will see. We can, gain, go to increase it by -- obviously, once it 
is 32%, the next question is, are you going to get to 33%. So let's first get 32%. We're close to 
that. We'll get there. With that, we will deliver better EBIT and that plus operational leverage, 
we will deliver better EBITDA margins next year. Exact numbers, we will give to the market 
once we have full clarity in the next quarter, probably next earnings call, we will give full clarity 
on what we expect to happen next year, but it's going to be good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kumar for closing 
comments. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you for the time today, and thank you for joining this conference call. Please feel free to 
contact me or Investor Relations team if you have any further questions. I look forward to 
interacting with all of you once again at the end of next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
