 
 
Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE‐NSE/2023‐24 
 
 
                             
                         Date: May 16, 2023 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Script Code : 513349 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai‐400051 
 
Script Code : AJMERA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call held 
on  May  11,  2023  on  the  Audited  Financial  Results  (Standalone  and  Consolidate)  of  the  Company  for  the 
Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
NITIN BAVISI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
NITIN 
DINESHCHA
NDRA BAVISI
Digitally signed by NITIN DINESHCHANDRA 
BAVISI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8645, 
pseudonym=f8ff217b04b829f1b2b75c87c8f4b
52268f5da253870f7b1ba92423736a1d69c, 
postalCode=400067, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0b275fabbf5f2f97102d21dbb52
3aa0ae820348590d61506f839a38c215c8b16, 
cn=NITIN DINESHCHANDRA BAVISI 
Date: 2023.05.16 18:09:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
“Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 11, 2023 
 
                                                             
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR.  DHAVAL AJMERA - DIRECTOR 
                                             MR. NITIN BAVISI – CFO 
                                             MS. SONIA AGARWAL – SR. MANAGER - IR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q4 FY23 
Earnings conference call. 
We have with us today Mr. Dhaval Ajmera – the director of the company, Mr. Nitin Bavisi – the 
Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Sonia Agarwal – the Senior Manager of Investor Relations. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sonia Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Sonia Agarwal: 
Thank you. Welcome everyone to the Quarter 4 and full year FY23 Conference Call of Ajmera 
Reality & Infra India Limited. We are pleased to have you all with us. The call will commence 
with opening remarks by our Director Mr. Dhaval Ajmera and will be followed by the business 
performance discussion by our CFO Mr. Nitin Bavisi. The operational updates of the company 
have already been shared in the second week of April 2023. The investor presentation and the 
press release based on the financial results adopted by the board can be downloaded from our 
company website and have been uploaded on the stock exchanges.  
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's discussion may 
be forward looking in nature reflecting the company’s outlook and may involve certain risks 
and uncertainties that the company may face. I would like to now hand over the conference 
over to our director, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Hello everyone. Good afternoon and welcome all for this conference call. Firstly, I would like 
to thank you for joining over here. I hope all of you are well and doing fine. I want to you 
understand that as the economic conditions across the world and we have seen how India has 
been become more resilient and in projecting significant higher growth as compared to the 
global average which is very foreseeable in the near future. We also have experienced and 
witnessed that the Indian economy has experienced a robust growth due to strong domestic 
demand which has been augmented by government initiatives focused on infrastructure and 
investment. These measures include one district-one product and export hub initiatives, PLI 
schemes etc. Moreover, coming to real estate, I think the recent decision by RBI to pause the 
rate hike has also seen a positive impact on the market sentiments and thereby people 
connecting and probably making the decision faster to buy homes overall.  

 
Page 3 of 12 
Overall with all these things we have seen a good growth and contribution towards the real 
estate sector and economy as whole. Sales volume growth is expected to be healthy with 
maximum sales driven by end users and then there is a visible preference from these buyers 
for organized and branded developers all across the regions and not only Mumbai; obviously 
Mumbai and MMR, but all across India. In MMR Region we have seen that despite this hike in 
input costs, although we have not reached to pre COVID levels the price has stabilized in terms 
of input cost as compared to what it was earlier, but with also incremental home loan rates, 
we have still seen the residential demand being higher, people are continuing to buy homes 
and thereby it is only helping companies like us to ensure that we grow year-on-year.  
We as Ajmera Realty recognize that each city has its own uniqueness and understanding about 
the demand supply, about what a particular city requires in terms of obviously demands for 
Bangalore and Mumbai are different, but our strategic planning has helped us in successful 
launches, strong collections and also thanks to our execution which has been great over the 
last few years.  
I am very happy to announce that over the last entire year we have done about INR 842 crores 
of sales which has been a 95% jump as compared to FY22 of INR 431 crores. The sales volume 
is also increased to 50% that is 3.7 lakh square feet as compared to the earlier year. These 
improved performances are result of a strong demand for our quality projects situated in 
specific locations and obviously the brand Ajmera is creating its own legacy to continue with 
this momentum.  
Coming to the project updates starting with our mid luxury segment Ajmera Manhattan Wadala 
which being the prime one, we have seen a great record sale of INR 572 crores from this 
project. Hereby, I am very happy to announce that around 40% of our inventory of this project 
has been sold and the construction status of these two towers, that one is at foundation stage 
and other is at ground level stage and we still have to probably construct 40 floors more. So, 
this shows the confidence amongst the buyers for this project and obviously the brand Ajmera 
which has helped us in clocking the sale.  
The affordable segment project in Wadala known as Greenfinity has also been doing 
significantly well with close to sales to about INR 155 crores which is 80% of the total inventory 
and now the work is almost complete, we have a minimum 5% to 7%, 10% of work left which 
we are confident to finish in this coming quarter or two. The commercial boutique office project 
Sikova at Ghatkopar has also been a very good success story for us where we have completed 
the project and sold close to 85% and these both projects have been started just two years 
back and it is nearly getting to a completion within the stipulated time as we envisaged. 
At Ghatkopar we are coming up with our new premium residence project known as Ajmera 
Eden, where all our necessary approvals have been in place, the RERA is in place, and we are 
expecting the sales to commence this quarter. This high residential development is coming up 

 
Page 4 of 12 
in Ghatkopar and another one which we are obviously currently doing is in Juhu known as 
Ajmera Prive which is clocked around INR 33 crores of sales in two quarters selling 
approximately 23% of the inventory. Mind you in projects like Juhu these are usually sold 
towards the near completion or at completed stage, but we are happy to announce that we 
have already sold 23% of this inventory.  
Our mid luxury project Nucleus, which is located in Bangalore, has also sold 90% of its 
residential inventory. C-Wing which is an advanced level of construction and almost about 80%- 
90% done. We should expect it to be completed in the next few months and these should be 
getting to closure this year. Also, our other project Ajmera Lugaano and Ajmera Florenza which 
is in the northern part of Bangalore has also started doing significant progress where we have 
achieved the full financial closure for the project and during this quarter we are also gearing 
up for its sales and we are hoping to start looking at numbers coming from the coming quarter.  
I am happy to announce our latest land acquisition in Vikhroli East in Mumbai which has been 
a great voluminous market in Mumbai and MMR. With this prime location and estimated gross 
value of around INR 550 crores the upcoming project is likely to be a preferred choice for 
prospective buyers which we are targeting to be the aspiring new entrant buyers because that's 
where we see that kind of buyers coming in this micro market along with the price bracket 
which we are trying to keep it which will help us get new buyers and new aspirants who are 
probably buy homes for the first time. This acquisition aligns with our growth strategy and is 
expanded our launch pipeline for the current fiscal year with the launch expected by the fourth 
quarter of FY24.  
In the year FY24, we have a visibility of total four launches including the Vikhroli and Ajmera 
Eden project and all of these projects are in MMR. So, total estimated revenue from all these 
four launches is approximately INR 2,000 crores and the estimated carpet area to sell is about 
1 million square feet. The total revenue visibility from our existing projects is about INR 2,000 
crores and the total revenue visibility from the existing as well as the new launch in FY24 will 
be about INR 4,000 crores.  
We further plan to unlock the land potential which are fully paid and owned by the company. 
Additionally, we continue to evaluate projects in joint venture, joint development or for some 
redevelopment projects to ensure that we continue with our growth strategy which is 
ultimately to ensure that we grow 5X from where we are and that is where we all are striving 
towards. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our stakeholders for their continued 
support and trust in our company.  We remain committed to delivering sustainable growth and 
creating long term value for our shareholders.  
With our strong pipeline, robust financial position, and talented team we are confident in our 
ability to navigate the market challenges and seize opportunities for growth. I would now like 

 
Page 5 of 12 
to hand over this conference call to our CFO – Mr. Nitin Bavisi who will take you through the 
performance highlights of the company. Thank you very much. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you sir for such an insightful opening and good evening, everybody. The financial and 
operational numbers have already been uploaded onto the stock exchange and I would like to 
highlight a few key parameters and highlights for your further guidance. Regarding our annual 
operational performance, I am pleased to report that in sales value terms we have locked the 
sales of about INR 842 crore which is about 95% growth over FY22. Further in not only the 
doubling of the sales from FY22 we have surpassed the number which was the COVID opening 
year FY21 in which we had INR 630 crore of the sales; we have surpassed that number as well 
in this particular financial year. In terms of volume wise we have sold 3,70,000 square feet on 
a carpet basis which is also 50% year-on-year growth. In terms of the collection, we are 1.35 x 
that of FY22. Absolute number is INR 532 crore for FY23.  
Moving on to the quarterly operational performance, I would like to touch upon the sales value 
which is INR 140 crore indicating year-on-year growth of 16%. Volume wise it is stable, which 
is about 69,200 square feet on carpet basis. Additionally, the collection also remained very 
buoyant, and it is INR 103 crores for the quarter.  
As regards the financial performance for the entire FY23 our revenues stood at INR 441 crore, 
EBITDA stood at INR 134 crores which is 9% jump over FY22 number and EBITDA margin has 
improved to 30% in FY23 from 25% in FY22. Additionally, the PBT reached INR 96 crores 
indicating 56% YoY jump and PBT margin also has improved to 22% in FY23 from 13% in FY22. 
The PAT has grown 1.6 x from that of FY22 level and the PAT margin has also expanded from 
9% to 16% at absolute basis the PAT is at INR 72 crore for the entire year.  
Our quarter four FY23 revenue stood at INR 118 crore with a quarterly EBITDA of INR 35 crore 
and an EBITDA margin of 29%. The quarterly PBT stood at INR 19 crore and PBT margin at 16% 
and PAT stood at INR 15 crore, and which is 8% on a YoY basis and 42% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis increase and PAT margin at 13% as compared to 8% in Quarter 4 of last year at FY22.  
During the year we have on the back of good cash flow collections on the launches and ongoing 
projects, we have debt deleveraging by about INR 54 crores, that is the 7% reduction on over 
annual basis. FY23 our secured debt remained at INR 776 crores resulting in a debt equity ratio 
of 1:1. So, we are on our journey to bring down the debt equity ratio to one and then further 
going down sub one level which we had indicated as our guidance. The successful launches of 
Ajmera Manhattan and Prive along with good amount of sales traction in the other projects, 
robust collection and repatriation from UK has helped us in achieving this operational numbers 
and debt reduction. 
As regards to existing and ongoing projects as well as the upcoming launches which provide us 
a good revenue visibility of INR 4,000 plus crores and completed projects and advanced stage 

 
Page 6 of 12 
projects which we have the revenue visibility of about INR 300 plus crores which we anticipate 
being realized over next 6 to 12 months. Our mid-state project revenue visibility about INR 
1,677 crores which we anticipate realizing over the next 36 months. Looking at our estimate 
for the launches for FY24 we have a revenue potential of about 2,000 plus crores. So, estimated 
cash flow from the existing project portfolio is going to be above the estimated of INR 870 
crores. We are fully confident and remain committed in achieving our business objectives. 
Thank you for your patient listening to our credentials and our achievements. We now open 
for the questions and further interactions. We look forward to your further guidance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Jeevan Patwa from Sahasrar Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, sales value has been pretty good actually this year around INR 840 crore, so any guidance 
you want to do for next year, how much you think will grow beyond on this particular base 
because the base has become really strong this year INR 840 crore, do you think we will be able 
to cross INR 1,000 crore sales next year? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So yes, definitely as you know with the current project pipelines which we have and we are 
launching four projects and with our existing projects which are under construction and nearly 
ready to sell we are estimating that will definitely come near or definitely cross around INR 
1,000 crores in the coming year which will help us obviously grow because that is where 
eventually we all want to continue growing this company. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
Second part is so there was some so Nitin last time said there has been some positive surprises 
you want to give us, so what was that you did not tell us yet? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
That was regarding the one particular structure deal which we are working on and that is 
something which is still a work in progress because of the nature of the deal is that of the 
structure deal and a global private equity player involved. So, that particular that deal once it 
is fructified definitely, we should come back with the positive news. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
And by when you think that will happen and maybe in this quarter, next quarter? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
It is in work in progress so we should be coming back to you sooner.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
Third question is on the Kanjurmarg land, so is there any update you want to share on 
Kanjurmarg land, when can we actually see some launch in the Kanjurmarg? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
The Kanjurmarg land as we had also said last time, we are looking at a very strategic plan and 
launch plan for this particular project. Obviously, this being a largish one we want to ensure 
that we are ticking entire boxes properly in terms of every aspect for approvals infrastructure 
etc., everything and we really want to bring this table with a complete clarity and that is why 

 
Page 7 of 12 
we are taking a little more longer time while we do what we are doing with Kanjurmarg and 
obviously it is not that we have left it at the back end and not doing any work. The work at the 
back end is continued to do at the largish and a better progress than what it was, but we want 
to bring this up at the right time maybe in sometime probably a year plus and then we ensure 
that we get a proper clarity and a proper vision for the entire project and not just launch it like 
that.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
And the last question is for how much we are able to repatriate the funds and how much is still 
left?  
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, from the UK market we are happy to share that the repatriation has started in this second 
half of the financial year. So, we have received about INR 14 crores and the balance one is in 
pipeline. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, 14 you said 14? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
INR 14 crore, yes sir. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
How much is left? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
About another INR 55 crores should be expected.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, that is expected this year FY24? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yeah.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
And what about the Middle East? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Bahrain is going to take a little longer as we have also been guiding because we have 10,000 
plus square meters of the inventory entitlement. We exited the project, we received the down 
payment way back in FY21, so that is going to be at least about the two-year time from now. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, by next one and a half year the project should start getting ready over there, work is going 
on in full swing and then the inventories will start selling and we should expect from 18 to 24 
months.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
Yeah, so I was saying so we have actually tested few markets earlier like Middle East and UK 
and then sometime in Ahmedabad, so do you think now we should be focusing more on 
Mumbai market, it has got more opportunities, more lucrative instead of putting our 
bandwidth in other markets I think Bombay offers better risk and reward to us? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So that strategic plan if you see from the last two years, three years we have been more focused 
on Mumbai and MMR region and that is where we continue to grow as a company we have 

 
Page 8 of 12 
now going to focus on three main cities that is Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore and obviously 
with opportunity rises, Ahmadabad, but these are going to be our core focus areas and of these 
obviously Mumbai and Bangalore will be largish more as compared to others.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gopal Agarwal from Ajman Advisory. Please 
go ahead.  
Gopal Agarwal: 
So, while we see that debt has reduced to some extent this year, so what is the kind of debt 
levels that you are expecting for the next two to three years basically if you could give some 
kind of range if you have any target debt-to-equity ratio that you have in your mind that will 
be helpful? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Surely so I will cut it into two parts. One being the corporate level debt which is our endeavor 
to repay much ahead of its scheduled timelines and this is the growth pipelines and the 
launches of the project. There would be definitely a working capital or project level debt or the 
construction finance, nature of the debt which would continue to be a growth driver as we 
move forward. So, that is the overall mix of the debt going to be. In terms of the guidance as 
we are at one is to one debt equity ratio currently. So, going forward in next about two to three 
years the time spent which you are envisaged definitely very significantly below one which we 
would be operating into. 
Gopal Agarwal: 
In terms of land bank other than Kanjurmarg so what are the other launches that we can expect 
from this land bank, any announcement that we can expect some time? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we said that there are four projects which we are we are going to launch this year. One 
obviously going to be the Vikhroli acquisition which we just did that project coming up over. 
Then there is a project in Ghatkopar, Ajmera Eden. There is a project which we are coming up 
in again in Central Mumbai these are the four planned projects which we are going to launch 
this year and beyond this we are also at the back end starting to make preparations for other 
areas wherever we have the land banks like Wadala, Pune, Bangalore all those places wherever 
we have been doing the entire workings and all of that is already in progress to ensure that we 
start launching it soon. 
Gopal Agarwal: 
And what is the status on the market yard Pune project I have not heard much on that? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, market yard project in Pune there are some issues which has come up over there and we 
are trying to resolve those issues and then launch it. So, hopefully we are expecting that to get 
solved in one or two quarters and after that we probably bring the project back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rakesh Roy from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
Rakesh Roy: 
Sir can you share the detail of the Central Mumbai one and two project which you have 
mentioned? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, these projects are in the central line of Mumbai, one is in Bhandup and other I would not 
like to reveal the details much right now which we are just working on the final details we 
should be expected to finish all the clearances and come back to you soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
So, my first question is regarding INR 2,000 crore projects that you will be launching, so firstly 
what kind of sales velocity are we expecting here? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
These projects we would launch, are all different. One is the affordable segment. One is a mid-
affordable, other is a little up. So, there are different, different areas. One is a luxury segment 
as compared. So, every project will have a different velocity. While the affordable segment one 
which we launched in Bhandup is going to be probably envisaging to have a good launch with 
good clocking of numbers obviously because the ticket size is going to be smaller, whereas the 
Ghatkopar is a little luxury as compared to others. So, definitely the velocity of sales cannot be 
as compared to the affordable. So, every project has its own nuances where bases their sizes 
and volumes the sales will happen, but overall, when we see, we are targeting to see 10% to 
15% of the sales volume to happen during the launch phase and thereafter then probably go 
into a sustaining mode and bring up some schemes to jack up the sales again in between. So 
that is how we are planning to do the sales launch. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
But on average basis can we say like three years would be fair assumption? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, for sales point of view these projects overall on an average three years is a fair assumption 
between three to four years we should be able to finish off these. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
And our existing projects as the future projects what kind of EBITDA margins are we looking for 
to achieve here? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
As we have expanded EBITDA margin 25% plus currently and going forward this is the 
operational efficiency and the kind of debt reduction plan which we have, we should be having 
further expansion to these numbers. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
I am asking about deliveries in FY24? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, in terms of deliveries we have around four projects which have almost completed or 
nearing completion with OC and I would say Greenfinity, Sikova and Nucleus in Bangalore and 
Nucleus commercial all these projects are on the verge of completion. So, put it together if I 
have to look at number it will be in the range of about 4.5 lakh - 5 lakh square feet. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
Rishikesh Oza: 
In crore rupee terms what would that be? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
In rupee terms I think we have about INR 200 crores which is the sales potential out of the 
balance inventory available in these projects which are the low hanging fruits and which are 
under advance stage of the completion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Srushti Tandon from NVS. Please go ahead. 
Srushti Tandon: 
I would like to ask as there is no change in the status of Bangalore project Florenza and Lugaano 
what is the update on this, are we facing any issue there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, we are not facing any issues over there. In fact, for a faster execution of this project, we 
have actually closed down our financial closure with a fund and also sales have been proactively 
being very strong over the last few months and the results of the same shall be declared in the 
coming quarter where we shall start seeing the numbers actually rising up and that is where 
we are. So, the work at site and it is absolutely on and there are no issues coming on over there. 
Srushti Tandon: 
Also, sir what is the update on your commercial portfolio as you have mentioned to target the 
commercial portfolio to about one-third of the total portfolio, can you provide any direction or 
changes on this? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as you know we have already in terms of commercial projects of our existing portfolio 
Sikova was one where we are 85% complete and we are nearing handing over in the coming 
few months. The Ajmera Nucleus project which has a commercial portfolio of about a lakh plus 
square feet has also been complete and now it is ready in Bangalore, and we are already in 
negotiations with few to get those leased out or sold. As far as other projects are concerned 
we are under pipeline for building up some commercials in our existing land banks and 
probably at the right time with the demand of those particular micro market where we feel will 
actually give us the value that is when we want to launch that project, but eventually as we 
said while residential will continue and we also envisage to see we have about one-third of 
there are some particular projects to be as commercials. 
Srushti Tandon: 
One last one, what is the outlook for the real estate market in the company’s primary operating 
regions, how does the company plan to capitalize in market opportunities? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as I said the market and the real estate is looking very, very positive and buoyant in spite of 
all these rate hikes we still continue to see good demand coming and sales velocity also 
happening and even if you look at our sales volume which has been almost double as compared 
to last year even with all these things. So, what I see is listed players which has been in the 
market for a longer period and which has done deliveries will always continue to enjoy this real 
estate demand as in preference towards them as compared to others and that is why if you 

 
Page 11 of 12 
see we are very buoyant and continuing to have aggressive growth plan and look at least four, 
five projects or something like that coming year-on-year for launches. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Nikita Mehta from Galaxy Investments. Please 
go ahead.  
Nikita Mehta: 
I have just a couple of questions, my question first is on the regarding the demerger state it is 
pending I think for some time like what is the update on that and when are we expecting some 
movement in that? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yeah, you are very much right in terms of your reading about the status. Still at a petition level 
which is the final leg of the regulatory process at NCLT. So, it has not yet come on the hearing 
at a petition. So, we expect that to happen sooner and then accordingly we can update about 
the development. 
Nikita Mehta: 
And sir in terms of guidance if you can give me some change guidance what are we expecting 
the annual sales to be in terms of volume as well as value in the coming two, three years if you 
can help me with that? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
If you pragmatically look at the current sales value which is around INR 800 crores which we 
have done and with the current portfolio where we are almost near end current projects which 
are under construction we have about an unsold inventory of INR 1,400 odd crores, plus the 
new pipeline of INR 2,000 crores which we are going to launch this year, which be put together 
about 3,500 crores - 4,000 crores is what we see are the projects which are there in our hand 
and we are looking all of these to get completed in the next three to four years’ time. Obviously, 
the new launches will take three to four years from today or from FY24, but the earlier ones 
also which we have already launched like Manhattan, Lugaano, Florenza, Prive all those 
projects are also targeting to get complete in three to four years’ time. So, put together INR 
4,000 odd crores coming in four years is what we see and total of about 2 million square feet 
of development coming in. So, on average if I have to look at least 500,000 - 600,000 square 
feet coming overall on an average year-on-year with INR 1,000 odd crores as an average top 
line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Srushti Tandon from NVS. Please go ahead. 
Srushti Tandon: 
Every year we are seeing a lot of non-Mumbai based developers listed making an entry in the 
Mumbai and MMR region, what is your take on this increasing competition? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, Mumbai has really seen a preference to a lot of developers from Mumbai obviously and 
outside because this market is growing primarily because there has been a great infrastructure 
push which has come from the government which is actually making Mumbai city very nearer 
and suburbs very nearer to each other. Obviously this means a lot of ease of commutation and 

 
Page 12 of 12 
for every suburb and every area and obviously Mumbai being the financial capital of India and 
with economic growth of India I think all these factors put in together itself shows the demand 
for Mumbai coming across and hence there has been a great demand and if you look at 
launches or projects which are coming up with good branded and good players which have 
been in any particular micro market for longer or have given good deliveries have seen success. 
So, I do not think whoever has been in this particular micro market or if any good entrant 
players coming in will definitely start seeing success if the product and deliveries has been on 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
My question is regarding the pending collection could you give the number for pending 
collections that we have for the projects we have already sold? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, in terms of the existing portfolio let me give you the overall cash flow generation, which is 
going to be about INR 870 crores, estimated basis. In terms of the pending collection, it is INR 
624 crore from all the three baskets like completed, advanced stage projects and mid stage 
projects as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. We have reached the 
end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin 
for closing comments. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you everybody for your participation and very insightful questions which really going to 
help us further to improvise and come back with a very robust performances and till then we 
wish that you know everybody remains safe and happy, take care goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
