 
Regd. Office: HDFC Bank Limited, HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
 
 
 
 
 
April 18, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services  
 
 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code - 500180  
 
 
 
Symbol - HDFCBANK 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the year ended March 31, 2023 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings call with analysts and investors held on April 15, 
2023, with respect to the financial results of the Bank for the year ended March 31, 2023, has been made available 
on the website of the Bank at the link:  
 
https://www.hdfcbank.com/personal/about-us/investor-relations/financial-results  
 
A copy of the transcript is annexed herewith. 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Santosh Haldankar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618 
Email: shareholder.grievances@hdfcbank.com 
Website: www.hdfcbank.com 
 
HDFC Bank Limited, 
Zenith House, 
Opp. Race Course Gate no. 5 & 6, 
Keshavrao Khadye Marg, 
Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400034 
 Tel.: 022 - 3976 0000 / 07 / 12 
 
Santosh 
Haldankar
Digitally signed by 
Santosh Haldankar 
Date: 2023.04.18 
17:34:00 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
 
 
 
“HDFC Bank Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 15, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVASAN VAIDYANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HDFC BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to HDFC Bank Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call on the Financial Results, presented by the management of HDFC Bank. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after a brief commentary by the management. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer, HDFC 
Bank. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay, thank you Tanvi. Good evening and a warm welcome to all the participants. Let's look at 
the key macro indicators observed during the quarter before we get to the details on the earnings. 
Various indicators suggest economic activity was holding up well in Q4. GST collections 
continue to be robust. March '23 recorded 13% growth year-on-year. Full year '23 GST 
collections recorded a growth of 21%. Manufacturing PMI at 56.4 has remained in the 
expansionary zone since July '21. Services activity is holding up well. Services PMI at 57.8 
continues to remain strong. 
Healthy trend in government capital spending also bodes well. Q4 '23 year-on-year growth of 
18% and full year government capital spending growth of 22.8% bodes well. Payment system 
indicates business activity continues to be robust with 15% growth in RTGS, NEFT transactions 
value and a 51% growth in UPI payments. On the consumption side consumers are moving 
towards higher value products driven by changes in technology and regulations. 
We have seen customer preferences towards SUV, MPV type of segment and higher capacity 
two-wheelers. Two-wheeler and passenger vehicles witnessed continued improvement. During 
the quarter, our retail card issuing spends also showed robust growth of 31% year-on-year. Rabi 
crops sowing is progressing well with approximately 3.3% improvement to last year's level. 
IMD is forecasting normal monsoon this year which also bodes well for the semi-urban and rural 
activity. 
Global financial market volatility could weigh in on domestic growth. Going forward, there are 
risks stemming from possibility of global slowdown, continued geopolitical tensions and any 
further deepening of foreign banking prices. We estimate India's GDP growth at 6.8% in 
financial year '23 and expected to be over 6% in financial year '24. Let's go through certain key 
themes. On the distribution expansion, we added 638 branches during the quarter taking the total 
branch addition in financial year '23 to 1,479. The total branch network of the bank stands at 
7,821. 
On the payment acceptance points, the bank has 3.9 million year-on-year growth of 30% as 
adoption of Vyapar app builds momentum. We witnessed upwards of 75,000 new additions per 
month during this year. Wealth management is offered in over 923 locations through hub and 
spoke model. We have expanded by 232 locations in the quarter. In CRB, our SME businesses 
are present in more than 90% of the districts. Rural business expanded to 1.65 lakh villages and 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
is on track to reach the objective of over 2 lakh villages. Gold loan processing is now offered in 
4,182 branches, a threefold increase over March '22. In the customer franchise building, we 
acquired 2.6 million new customer liability relationships during the quarter and 10.6 million 
relationships in the year. With over 83 million customers, we will continue to engage in thereby 
enabling us to broad base and deepen our relationships. In order to position us for this customer 
engagement, we have added 31,600 people over the year and 6,300 during the quarter. On cards, 
we have issued 1.4 million cards during the quarter. 
The total cards space is now 18 million. On the website, our registered traffic during the quarter 
received an average of 132 million visits per month with over 106 million unique visitors over 
the quarter and year-on-year growth of around 74%. Our focus on granular deposits continues 
with total deposits amounting to INR18.8 lakh crores, an increase of 20.8% over prior year and 
8.7% over prior quarter. During the quarter, we added deposits of INR150,000 crores. Retail 
constitutes about 83% of total deposits and has been the anchor of our deposit growth. Retail 
deposits grew 23% year-on-year and 7% sequentially. 
During the quarter, we added retail deposits of INR107,000 crores. Wholesale deposits 
constitute 17% of total deposits. As of March '23, these grew 10% year-on-year and 15% 
sequentially. Term deposit registered a robust growth of 30% year-on-year ending the quarter at 
INR10.5 lakh crores. Savings deposits recorded a growth of 10% year-on-year and 5% 
sequentially ending at INR5.6 lakh crores. Current account deposits grew 14% year-on-year 
ending at INR2.7 lakh crores. Overall CASA deposits grew 11% year-on-year ending at INR8.4 
lakh crores resulting in a CASA ratio of 44%. Retail CASA deposits grew by 13% year-on-year. 
On the advances side, advances at INR16.1 lakh crores, grew by 16.9% over prior year and 6% 
sequentially. 
This is an addition of approximately INR94,000 crores during the quarter and INR224,000 
crores in the year. Growth of IBPC advances grew by 21% year-on-year and 6% quarter-on-
quarter. Incremental credit to deposit ratio was at 62% for the quarter. CD ratio as of March end 
stood at 85%. Our retail advances growth was robust. Domestic retail advances grew 20.8% 
year-on-year and 5% sequentially primarily driven by strong performance in personal loans and 
home loans. 
In the CRB, which drives our MSME and PSL book continued its momentum with the year-on-
year growth of 29.8% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 9.7%. Wholesale segment grew 12.6% 
year-on-year and sequentially 4.5% primarily driven by demand from NBFCs, telecom, PSUs 
and retail sectors. On the technology update, launches PayZapp 2.0, which was rebuilt from 
ground up is available to public at large. SmartHub Vyapar continued to add new features to our 
one-stop merchant solution app. The app has garnered tremendous growth with three-fold 
increase in active users and more than three-fold in merchant transactions value. As of March 
end, over 1.5 million small businesses are on this SmartHub platform. 
Express Car Loans is an end-to-end digital lending journey platform facilitating instant and 
hassle-free car loan disbursals to existing as well as new-to-bank customers has been witnessing 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
tremendous response from customers. Express Car Loan volume now contributes 20% of our 
new car loan volume. 
We are focused on investments in expanding our distribution network combined with our 
focused digital offering and relationship management which continues to fuel growth. Balance 
sheet remains resilient. LCR for the quarter was at 116%. Capital adequacy ratio is at 19.3% 
with CET1 ratio at 16.4%. 
Let's start with revenues. Net revenues for the quarter were at INR32,000 crores grew by 21% 
over prior year driven by gross advance growth of 21% and deposit growth of 20.8%. And net 
revenues for the year ended March 31, 2023 were at INR1,18,000 crores, grew by 16.3% over 
prior year. Net interest income for the quarter at INR23,352 crores, which is 73% of net revenues 
grew by 23.7% over prior year. The core net interest margin for the quarter was at 4.1% versus 
prior year of 4%. Prior quarter was also at 4.1%. Full year core net interest margin was at 4.1%. 
On interest earning asset basis, the core net interest margin for the quarter was at 4.3% again at 
similar levels to prior quarter. Full year core net interest margin based on interest earning assets 
was at 4.3%. 
Getting to the details of other income, total other income at INR8,731 crores was up 14.3% 
versus prior year. Fees and commission income constituting about three-fourths of the other 
income was at INR6,628 crores and grew by 17.7% over prior year and 9.5% over prior quarter. 
Retail constitutes approximately 94% of the fees. FX and derivatives income at slightly above 
INR1,000 crores was higher by 25.6% compared to prior year of INR804 crores. Net trading and 
mark-to-market income were at negative INR38 crores for the quarter. Prior quarter was a gain 
of INR261 crores and prior year was a gain of INR48 crores. 
Other miscellaneous income of INR1,130 crores includes recoveries from written-off accounts 
and dividends from subsidiaries. Excluding net trading and mark-to-market income, total other 
income at INR8,769 crores grew by 15.5% over prior year. Operating expenses for the quarter 
were at INR13,462 crores and increased 32.6% over the prior year. Operating expenses for the 
year ended March '23 were at INR47,652 crores, an increase of 27% over the prior year. In this 
context, it is pertinent to note that we added 1,479 branches and 1,597 ATM since last year. 
Cost to income ratio for the quarter was at 42% and for the full financial year was at 40.4%. 
Moving on to PPOP, for the quarter grew by 13.8% and our pre-provision operating profit was 
at INR18,621 crores. Pre-provision operating profit for the quarter is 6.93x of total provisions 
in the quarter. Coming to the asset quality, the GNPA ratio was at 1.12% as compared to 1.23% 
in the prior quarter and 1.17% prior year. Out of the 1.12%, about 14 basis points are standard, 
thus the core GNPA ratio is at 0.98. However, these are included by us as one of the other 
facilities of the borrower is an NPA. Net NPA ratio was at 0.27%, prior quarter was at 0.33% 
and prior year was at 0.32%. 
The slippage ratio for the current quarter is at 28 basis points or about INR4,900 crores. During 
the quarter, recoveries and upgrade were INR3,300 crores or approximately 22 basis points. 
Write-offs in the quarter were INR2,400 crores or approximately 17 basis points. No sale of 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
NPA accounts during the quarter. The restructuring under the RBI resolution framework for 
COVID-19 as of March end stands at 31 basis points or INR5,000 crores. In addition, certain 
facilities of the same borrower which are not restructured is approximately 6 basis points, 
INR970 crores, thus totals to 37 basis points. The COVID restructuring in the prior quarter was 
at 50 basis points. 
On the provisions reported were around INR2,700 crores as against INR2,800 crores during the 
prior quarter and INR3,300 crores in the prior year. The total provisions of the current quarter 
included a build-in contingent provision of approximately INR300 crores. The provision 
coverage ratio was at 76%. At the end of current quarter, contingent provisions and floating 
provisions were approximately INR11,150 crores, contingent provisions at INR9,700 crores and 
floating provisions at INR1,450 crores. General provisions were at INR7,000 crores. 
Total provisions comprising specific floating contingent and general were about 176% of the 
gross non-performing loans. This is in addition to the security held as collateral in several of the 
cases. Floating contingent and general provisions were 1.12% of gross advances as of March 
quarter. 
Now coming to credit cost ratios, the total annualized credit cost ratio for the quarter was at 
0.67%. Prior quarter was at 0.74% and prior year was at 0.96%. The total credit cost for the full 
year was at 0.74%. Recoveries which are recorded as miscellaneous income amount to 23 basis 
points of gross advances for the quarter against 21 basis points prior quarter and 26 basis points 
per prior year. 
The total credit cost ratio net of recoveries was at 44 basis points in the current quarter as 
compared to 52 basis points in the prior quarter and 70 basis points prior year. The total credit 
cost ratio net of recoveries for the full year was at 53 basis points. 
The profit before tax was at INR15,936 crores, grew by 22% over the prior year. Net profit after 
tax for the quarter at INR12,047 crores, grew by 19.8% over the prior year. Net profit for the 
year ended March '23 was INR44,109 crores, up 19.3% over the prior year. 
Now some highlights on HDBFS, this is on Ind AS basis. HDBFS has continued to augment its 
distribution network and opened 71 branches in the quarter taking it to 1,492 branches spread 
across 1,054 cities and towns. Customer franchise grew to 11.9 million customers adding 2.8 
million over last year. 
The momentum and disbursements continued across all three business segments during the 
quarter registering in a healthy growth of 53% year-on-year and 20% sequentially. The total loan 
book as of March end stood at INR70,000 crores registering 14% year-on-year and 7.6% 
sequentially. Net interest income for the quarter ended March 23 was at INR1,424 crores, a 
growth of 6.6% quarter-on-quarter. 
Provisions and contingencies for the quarter were at INR268 crores against INR313 crores for 
the prior quarter and INR422 crores for the quarter ended March 22. Credit costs for the quarter 
were at 1.6% as against 2.78% for last year March quarter and 1.95% for the December 22 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
quarter. Stage three as of March end continues to improve and stood at 2.73% against 3.73% as 
of December end. Provision coverage ratio on stage three book increased to 65%. 
The provision coverage ratio on secured and unsecured book stood at 62% and 96% respectively. 
Profit after tax for the quarter ended March ‘23 was INR545 crores, a growth of 27.7% year-on-
year. Profit after tax for the year ended full year ended March 23 was at INR1,959 crores 
compared to INR1,011 crores in the previous year, a growth of 93%. Annualized ROA and ROE 
for the quarter ended March 23 stood at 3.25% and 19.5% respectively. 
For the full year ended March ‘23, ROA and ROE stood at 3.07% and 18.7% respectively. 
Earnings per share for the quarter was 6.89 and book value per share was at 144.5 in the 
subsidiary HDBFS. HDBFS remains well capitalized with the total capital adequacy ratio at 
20.05% and continues to step up disbursements leveraging a strong distribution spread across 
1,492 branches. Now a few on HSL. HSL has a network of 209 branches spread across 147 cities 
and towns. 
HSL increases customer base to 4.5 million as of March end. HSL's digital offering continued 
to enjoy good traction in the market and during the quarter around 94% of active clients utilize 
the services offered through company's digital platforms. For the quarter March 23, HSL's total 
revenue were at INR486 crores against INR510 crores for last year same quarter. Profit after tax 
was at INR194 crores against INR236 crores for the same quarter last year. Net profit for the 
year ended March 23 was at INR777 crores against INR984 crores for last year. Earnings per 
share in the quarter was INR121.95 and book value per share was at 1,131. In summary, our 
results reflect robustness across various parameters driven diligently and passionately by our 
people resulting in continued momentum in deposit growth of 21% and within that the retail 
deposit growth which grew at 23%. Gross advances growth of 21% and net advances growth of 
17%. 
Operating profit grew by 13.8%. Profit after tax increased by 19.8% for the quarter and 19.3% 
for the year. Profit after tax on a consolidated basis increased by 20.6% for the quarter and 20.9% 
for the full year. Delivering the return on asset in the quarter of about 2.2% and return on equity 
of about 18%. Earnings per share reported in the quarter is at INR21.6 at the standalone bank 
level and INR22.6 at the consolidated bank level. Book value per share on a standalone bank is 
at INR502 and at a consolidated bank it is at INR519. The bank's board has recommended a 
dividend of INR19 per equity share subject to shareholders approval. Now with that may I 
request the operator to open up the line for questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes, hi. Srini, my first question is on deposit growth. Two to three quarters ago you had laid 
down a good roadmap on your quarterly deposit mobilization and you overachieved that in the 
fourth quarter. So how do we view deposit mobilization in the next three to four quarters? If you 
could give us some similar roadmap. That's my first question? 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay, let me finish that and then you come back again. Deposit, if you see the quarter had a 
growth of INR1,50,000 crores but the more important thing is to look at the retail growth, 
INR1,07,000 crores is the retail growth and it had a very good mix of time deposits and savings 
account and current account within that retail mix. So that is what you determine as a core 
growth. The rest can be transient, up and down can happen, but it is in track, it's in line with 
what we had been planning for and what we had been driving to for the quarter. 
So I just wanted to make it clear that it's not about the INR1,50,000 for you to keep in your mind 
but it is more that INR1,07,000 retail which is the core part of what the growth is. And if you, 
from there if you take it to say how one should think about it, yes, that's part of the execution 
and the teams are geared up to continue to execute the strategy of getting one, the new customer 
on board at 2.6 million in this quarter, little more than 10.5 million in this year. So that's part of 
the growth model is to bring in the new customers. 
The new branches are for the future. I don't want to talk that the new branches are bringing in 
today's deposit but that's for the future to have that sustainability of that growth over a period of 
time. So it is about new customers, it is about working with the existing customers with the 
greater engagement which you see that the time deposit growth of about 30%, again that is 
coming through the engagement, that's where that is getting delivered to. I would say that we 
are on track to keep building upon this. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. And just in terms of, was there any interest on tax refund during the quarter? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: No, nothing of any significance. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll come back. Thanks. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: No, if you have anything, you go ahead now. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Yes. So my other question was just on CV. So if you look at your commercial transportation, 
the growth obviously in this quarter has been very strong. It's almost 11% on a sequential basis 
and it has been very strong even in the last few quarters, probably stronger than industry levels 
as well. So what drives it and how do you think about it going ahead? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: It is an important segment for us. One, the entire commercial and rural banking that includes the 
CTG is an important element of how we drive this. And this is more, we operate in the segment 
which is slightly above where our subsidiary operates. And it is an important focus both from a 
LCV or ULCV and across various size segment that is also important to us. We are also focused 
on making a holistic product offering, which is not just a lending for financing these vehicles. 
It is also about getting working capital financing for them. So we are making certain new 
initiatives there to get the holistic relationship so that the logistics ecosystem, as we call it, which 
you have heard from Rahul Shukla over the past one or two quarters, that is getting initiated to 
execute. It is an important and it is a big growth segment for us and it is a priority sector. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay, thanks a lot. Thanks. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi India. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, hi Srini. So firstly, the question on operating cost, so that is the significant rise in this 
quarter, both on a year-on-year basis and on a full-time quarter. So any one option, the employee 
cost, like say the ESOP or RSU is what you highlighted in the last quarter as well. And what 
should be the trend which we should look at it, maybe for say FY24 in terms of possible income 
as well as cost to assets? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes, Kunal, thanks for that and expenses. Yes, just to touch upon you, you touched upon the 
ESOPs and RSUs. Yes, that will continue. And you know that in the prior quarter, it was not a 
full quarter impact of the ESOPs and RSUs because that went out later in October or November. 
So apart and then now you had a full quarter impact of that, but it is not a one-time, that is an 
ongoing, that is one. To the branches, we opened 600 odd branches last quarter towards the end 
that comes in. And then even this quarter, we have opened up a little more than 600 branches. 
So that is also an ongoing impact that comes in. 
And the way you think about the cost is, which we have in the past said, as you build a retail or 
you build a retail deposit franchise and you start to get back into the higher proportion of the 
retail asset franchise, there will be upfront cost that comes in, which is what you are seeing. The 
cost to income for the full year at 40.4 are currently 42. If you go back in line that is in 19, for 
example, it was close to 40, the cost to income was 40. And we had mentioned that our cost to 
income will go past 40, 41 and the quarter can touch 42, we will operate at that level. 
And if you operate at that level, there is an opportunity why, what presents to us this opportunity 
is from the benign credit environment. So if you look at the credit, 10 basis points of a better 
credit, when that opportunity is taken and invested in expenses that is about one and a half 
percent to cost to income. That is about one and a half percent. And so if you think about it, we 
do see that the credit cost benign conditions now and in some time to come. And so our goal is 
to get this maturity, both on the branches and the productivity curve up for the people that we 
have added 31,000 people over the year and 6,600 people in the quarter to get them up the curve 
and be productive. 
And as things normalize, the revenues starts to come in. That is the ramp up on the volumes that 
we are trying to do to get that in, so that it pays through the revenue and the credit as the maturity, 
the new cohorts come in and get to be, the new cohorts get to a mature state. Credit cost 
normalizes to pre-COVID levels, not to the COVID levels, to pre-COVID levels. So you get to 
a stable return on asset. You continue to operate in that 1.9 to 2.1 type of a range on return on 
asset. But it took this opportunity on the credit to invest in the expenses. So that is how you think 
about that. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And this ESOP expenses, so what would be the quantum for the full quarter? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: The full quarter, the ESOP and RSE is close to INR400,000, no, INR400 crores or INR300 
crores, close to INR300 crores. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And secondly, with respect to the deposit growth, so was it more skewed towards the last 
fortnight significant part of it, or have we seen the impact of it in terms of the, maybe the overall 
cost of deposits? So obviously it will not play out in this 4Q, but over a period with this kind of 
a deposit traction, what would be maybe overall the margin trajectory? Maybe because we have 
not seen any improvement over the past three quarters. So should it sustain or we see some 
professional margins going forward? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Yes. Two aspects to it. One of the deposits as such. Yes. See, to the extent that there are 
some wholesale deposits, they will be chunky and they will come and go depending on how the 
wholesale business deals with their balance sheet. So that is part of one that happens, but the 
core retail is something that is what I alluded to in the prior question, that is what we drive to. 
The rest tries to come and fill in and go. The next aspect of it that you asked about how to think 
about margin. Our margin operates in a very narrow band. And it is narrow band because the 
modified duration of the book, call it about 1.2 years, 1.3 years thereabout. 
And within a reasonable lead and lag effect, which can have 10-20 basis points at any time or 
10-15 basis points any time it can move up or down. But right now, you are seeing some lead 
effect. The cost of funds will come. Already in this quarter, the cost of funds has moved up. I 
think we put up a chart to show sequentially both the yield movement as well as the cost of funds 
movement. 
Moderator: 
This is the operator here, please hold while we reconnect the management line. It seems to be 
disconnected. We have the management line reconnected, so you may proceed now. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes, okay. Sorry Kunal, I do not know where I dropped off, but I was talking about the margin 
as such. Yes, there is a lead effect that happens when the asset pricing starts to move in front 
and the cost of funds on the deposit starts to lag. There is some lag on that one, but still our 
margin, as we said, operates in the range of 3.94 to 4.3, 4.4. Given the mix still of the wholesale 
mix, which is still pretty high in the book at 53, 54% wholesale mix. We are at the lower end of 
the range. But whether 5-10 basis points, any quarter can move up or down, it can happen. 5-10 
basis points is nothing. It can change, and it's essentially the effect of the lead of the lag that can 
happen there. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. So, this 13 bps is a kind of an expansion in the deposit cost. I think that should accelerate 
in 1Q in terms of the increase of the incremental data, which can be there? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes. If you ask me whether all of the deposit increase has already fully come in, I would say no, 
not yet. It will come. Not because we are changing any rates in isolation. No. It is simply a 
function of as the book starts to reprice, the lag effect, it comes in. But still, from a margin, 
similarly, we price the loans too. Some fixed rate loans go out and we bring in new fixed rate 
loans at new rates. 
And so, it's a continuous effect. 5, 10 basis points always possible. But we have been very stable 
in that range of 4, 4.1 for some time. 
Kunal Shah: 
 
Okay. Yes. Thank you, and all the best. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Shah from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul: 
Yes. Hi, Srini, this is Rahul here. Can you hear me? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes, Rahul. Yes. 
Rahul: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. And thanks for the commentary and good numbers. Just had two, three 
questions. Going back to the previous question on margins. So, just thinking through about the 
repricing of the floating book and the new fixed book that you have onboarded within the last 
six, nine months in the time the rate cycle started. So, when do we see the full benefit of that 
play out? So, floating book would be getting repriced pretty much as we speak. But the new 
fixed rate book that you onboarded, when does that start to show up in the yield number? And 
when is that inflection point now that the RBI has paused the rates? So, how much more repricing 
benefit we can get is essentially my question. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes. No, you can get more. The fixed rate book, call it two, three years it runs. The fixed rate 
book runs two, three years and that’s called 44% of the book, 45% of the book round number, 
that is the fixed rate. And it has started and it will continue for some time. But at the same time, 
the cost of funds will also come in and catch up. So, if you look at our margin as such, what is 
the rate play in the margin is minimal, rate play in the margin. That’s why we talked about the 
modified duration 1.2, 1.3 years that keeps that in a very narrow band and only some lead lag 
effect comes in. What is more from a margin point of view is the structural change in the 
composition of the book, where the wholesale book, which was 45, 46 before COVID went all 
the way to 55. 
And now it is like 53%, 54%. And as that starts to wear off and come down in the retail, which 
is accelerating right now, all the investments that we are doing, retail that is accelerating, as that 
starts to come, you will see the structural thing can come up. And when that comes up, the credit 
cost also comes to normalize. If you go back, when the margin is 4.3, the credit cost is 100, 110 
basis points. So, what you get on the margin, you pay to some extent on the credit cost. But that 
is why if you look at the return on asset that remains at that stable level of 2, 2.1.  
Rahul: 
Understood. So, okay, fair enough. The second question was actually on the cost to income. So, 
given that next year, credit growth will be slower than what we had last year, but we will still be 
making the investments that we have talked about. So, do we have another year before it peaks 
out or 42 is where you would call it out as a peak cost to income?  
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: No, I would not say that we have peaked out. But over a period of a year, if you say, maybe that 
is the level we would like to run. But quarter-to-quarter can go up and down a bit. That’s why 
even in this quarter, I have been saying that if you look at only one quarter, up, down, possible. 
Depends on What’s out there, what we have done, both from a volume booking point of view, 
or any of the marketing activity point of view, or the card spend activity point of view, whatever 
we do, that can keep going up or down. But largely as the lapping, we started the branch in 
March '22. Right now, one has gone by and then the second year has gone by. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
So, if you look at 15 months, in 15 months, we have added 2,000 odd branches we have added. 
So, another four quarters to five quarters, things should lap itself from a comparison point of 
view, it should lap. Then after that, it would be almost 18 months to 24 months for the revenues 
to start coming in to support that cost. And as I told on the other question, the credit cohort starts 
to mature, and you see some credit costs also coming to normalize. 
Rahul: 
That's helpful. Just two more small questions. This credit card on book balances, the growth has 
been appears to be quite tepid. What could be the reason behind it? I understand revolves may 
not be improving, but can you just throw some more light, the EMI book growth within the card 
space or the revolves, how are they behaving? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes, see, it is also normally, I think, from a quarter point of view, the fourth quarter is normally 
lower coming off a big festival type of a spend in the December quarter, the pay downs happen. 
That's one. Number two, yes, you already alluded to the revolvers or the revolving balances, we 
don't see it going up yet, not yet, we don't see that up. Three, we also measure the funding that 
the card customers provide. And the card customers provide funding, which is more than five 
times the card balances, the card ANR that we carry. So enormous liquidity, enormous funding, 
deposit funding is kept by those customers with us. So naturally pay downs are happening. The 
spend I told you, spend is quite robust, 30 odd percent growth in spend. 
Rahul: 
Yes, but the profitability may be substantially lower than what you earned in the past, because 
the interest yielding balances have structurally come down. So I am just thinking from that 
standpoint? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Two things on profit, I don't want to leave that question or leave that comment open on 
profitability. See, the profitability, again, one has to look at it over a cycle on profitability. And 
two, certainly not quarter-on-quarter on profitability. Number two, always there are levers that 
get operated on. That means what is it that you earn and what is it that you can spend, that is 
something that we always constantly look at to match. And what are those levers? You’ve seen 
some of those levers on the spend side, where the revenue is somewhat lower because of lower 
revolver or other things, then you spend appropriately on the other side, on the expense side. 
But there are still, at this time, when the spend is going up, we do want to encourage and we do 
think that the revolver will come. And while it does not yet come, we are putting those 
investments out there in various programs, card programs. 
Rahul: 
The last question, I just want some comments from you. RBI allowed this pay later or pre-
approved credit line on UPI. We understand you already have that product on your website. We 
saw that. Can you just throw some light as to what is the incremental thing that RBI has done? 
And since you've already been running this product, how many customers you have and do you 
see this as being a large product proposition that can be in the future? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: See, the product always was there. I think now that EMI type is something that is also coming 
in. It’s too early to say whether this particular UPI channel is going to be a big driver into that. 
But we already have various other channels, our brand channels, our VRM channels, and our 
direct marketing channels that trigger this quite a lot for us. And so, we will have to see whether 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
what the UPI channel does. But then keep in mind, the UPI channels, the ticket sizes are small. 
I think as an industry, the ticket sizes are in like three digit rupees. We have it at least 10 times 
more than the industry average on a ticket size, but still at that size, we can't see it. We'll have 
to wait and see how that works. 
Rahul: 
Thank you, Srini. Thank you for being so generous and patient in answering my questions. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan Chase & 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Hi. Good evening, Srini. Sir, just two questions. One is on this other asset, the growth rate in the 
other asset is very high. So, will this be due to the RIDF shortfalls? And the second is, now that 
we're coming closer to the merger, so HDFC Bank standalone CD, incremental CD is obviously 
pretty good. But on a pro forma basis, it's still near that maybe near that 100, 800 and so on. So, 
from a growth perspective, will you look at like LCR? And will there be like a target under 
which you can get the LDR below 100%? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes. A couple of things. You asked about other assets. Other assets has got, I think, INR135,000 
crores to INR1,45,000 crores or something movement in a quarter, slightly INR10,000 crores or 
something. There'll be part RIDF and part various other things that go through it. And similarly, 
I would urge you to look at other liabilities too, which also has moved from INR85,000 crores 
to INR95,000 crores, I think. That also has moved up by about INR10,000 crores. So, there are 
several things that go into that. 
But over a period of a year, if that's what you're thinking about, yes, there is a component of 
RIDF, which is part of that, which has moved up. Call it INR40,000 crores of RIDF, which is 
there. And that's part of what we have laid out our strategy is to, we always optimize between 
various components of what is available in the market on PSL. 
And this is one of the things that is available. And we tap into that too. The second aspect that 
you asked about the CD ratio, I guess, right, on a pro forma, how do you think about the way 
you think about the CD ratio is that day one, whatever happens is inevitable. So, when you add 
A plus B, it shakes out to whatever the CD ratio comes out to. But from then on, how you look 
at it is, what is the incremental CD ratio. And to the extent that the incremental CD ratio operates 
in a range, which is below the bank's current range, that's where we go and catch up and bring it 
to the current level where we are. So, that's how we are thinking about it. Day one is inevitable, 
but over a period of time, as the maturity profile of the book in HDFC Limited, their borrowing 
matures. 
We replace it with deposits, we get to a better place, over a period of, call it three to five years. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Very clear, Srini. Would you have the pro forma LCR or will that come after HDFC reports? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Not yet. We'll have it in due course of time as we progress more towards the effective date. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh Parasrampuria from CLSA Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Hi, Srini and team. Thanks for the question. The question is, again, on opex, we've delved into 
the branch and distribution expansion. But somehow, if you just track the overhead per branch 
or the employee cost per employee that is also going up, right? 
You are adjusting for the distribution increase. So, just wanted to have a handle on that because 
usually I would think that as you add the incremental branch, the cost lesser, the fixed overhead 
that you are adding is cheaper than the average cost. So, just wanted to understand that why the 
cost increases are materially about the distribution expansion that you are saying? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: One is, it is important that we are making investments in branches as well as people, right? The 
31,000 people or the 6,600 sequentially, that also adds to the cost. It is there. And the 
productivity of all of these comes in, then you see that in the revenue and then that evens out, 
right? You have to wait. But if you look at the branch productivity itself, look at the deposit per 
branch, it is up. INR250,000 crores, INR260,000 crores per branch, that productivity is also up. 
So, it is not just about whether the cost per branch is up or some, it will be up because if the 
inflation in the country is operating at the rate of 6% to 8% or the pay increases are happening 
at that kind of level, the cost will go up. But it is a question of getting that productivity driven 
up to pay for it through the volumes and revenues. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Got it. Okay. And we just continue now. I think the pressure of inflation and depreciation is a 
little lower. So, would you expect that pressure to be lower because then you probably have an 
opex growth which more mirrors the distribution and the employee expansion rather than being 
a higher number than that? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: It is too early whether the, what effect on the inflation comes through to the expense, it is too 
early on that one. But again, I will tell you to look at from a cost-to-income point of view that it 
moves in that range of 42 something. And then as we progress over four quarters, six quarters, 
it starts to keep coming down. 
And I think among various things while we do not talk forward looking in any of those aspects, 
but from a cost point of view, we have said that over a period of time, you should get back to 
the mid-30s as the productivity starts to come in. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Got it. And Srini, my last question is on the PSL part. We did have some shortfalls, the RIDF 
went up. If you can, obviously there was a question on other assets as well. So, if you can follow 
the RIDF where it was, where it ended and given how you have achieved PSL now, would you 
expect that the increase in RIDF will moderate, will stop, if you could just indicate directionally 
where we are headed and what was the status of PSL compliances at the year? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Adarsh, if you think about whether where will RIDF go or something, see, this is the 
dynamic equation that one solves. Because that is how you optimize it. The goal number one, is 
to go organically build. And distribution reach that we are going after, I alluded to our CRB 
business in more than 90% of the districts and at 1.65 lakh villages wanting to go to more than 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
2 lakh villages. They are all in the direction of how we organically grow. That is the number one 
from a prioritization point of view. Do it yourself. It gives you better return. You manage that 
on a sustainable basis. 
Then everything else is a filler depending on what is available and you optimize that through 
whatever is the least cost. And all of them are in play from PSLC to RIDF to IBPC to all of them 
are in play in terms of how we manage that. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Any factual data around how your PSL is set up and what your RIDF book was last year and 
now? Only the factual number? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I just checked with the team, I think it will eventually get published in course of time. You will 
get access to it and the team will publish that. It is coming. 
Adarsh Parasrampuria: 
Perfect. This is helpful. Thank you. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Manish Shukla from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manish Shukla: 
Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. So for FY ‘24, would you broadly expect 
similar branch and employee additions as FY’23? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: FY’24 branch addition. At this moment, we expect to continue the speed at which, not 
necessarily every quarter evenly, but the speed at which we have done over the last 15 months 
to 18 months, we will continue. We do this, we take stock of this every quarter to see one, 
availability and the market potential, identification of the market where we need the potential. 
That is one exercise that we do. And the second exercise we do is that look back to see the 
performance of what we have already done and how that is progressing on the curve. 
But yes, as of now, the approach is to continue with that, but subject to evaluation every quarter 
in terms of that, the trajectory that we are continuing is indeed the trajectory that is yielding 
those results that we have planned for. 
Manish Shukla: 
Sure. Recently, you had cut some of your short-term MCLR rates. Could you explain what is 
the trigger for that? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: See, the methodology, how you apply Tenor Premia is something that we modified or we got 
that to a place. And it is in the front-end and we do not have much volumes in that end. And that 
is part of what, this is not something that captures big volume from an overall sense point of 
view. One other thing is that MCLR loans, the floating rate MCLR loans, is 6% of our total book 
and very little into the front-end bucket there. 
Manish Shukla: 
 
Sir, you said 6%? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: 6% is the floating rate MCLR book, but in the front end where you alluded to, very little is there. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Manish Shukla: 
I understood. Just going back to the deposits part, as you rightly mentioned, the newer branches 
would probably have not contributed as much. So, just trying to understand what is driving these 
numbers because you are obviously not paying the highest rate in the market. Everybody is 
chasing deposits and yet your numbers are meaningfully ahead of all your peers in terms of 
absolute deposit mobilization. So, just trying to understand what is it that you have done 
differently this year, which is driving this kind of growth for you. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. See, there are a few things. I can talk two, three things I will mention, several things, but 
I guess we will continue and we have mentioned this in the past, so you will recollect. One is 
you need to leverage the branch network and the brand to bring in new customers. 
Let me give you that in 2018, we got in 3 million customers in liability relationships. In ‘19, 4 
million. In ‘20, 6 million. In ‘21, 7 million. In ‘22, 8.5 million. In ‘23, 10.5 million. So, you need 
to bring in new customers and that is what we have done to ramp up. So, when you bring in new 
customers, like the way the branch maturity is connected similar to the branch maturity, the 
customer maturity also takes about 24 months. 
So, if we need to harvest the potential of the customer to be the primary banking and get the 
balances, I cannot bring the customer today and get the balances today. When I bring the 
customer today, we get some balances today. It is about getting the potential of the customer we 
got in two years ago, three years ago to do the work now. Our RMs engagement to get that now. 
So, that is one. Customer is important and I gave you an idea of the ramp up on the customers 
that we have done and we continue to do that to keep that pipeline open and running. That is one 
on the customers. 
Two, from an execution mindset and our RMs focus, we did that sometime March, April last 
year in ‘22, where we said we want to amend our scorecard to ensure having element of a time 
deposit cost with a 14%, 14% penetration in our base for time deposit. We said it is a low 
penetration, we have enormous room to go for it and we do not need to pay for it. 
In fact, if anything, we are slightly, we are at or slightly below certain other players. And if you 
look at the time deposit growth in the recent quarter, I think it gave about 30% or so growth in 
the time deposit, the growth that we have had. 
And let me tell you another way to even think about it and that is how the frontline is driving it. 
It is about, call it from 7,000 odd branches and call it maybe 50 deposits, such deposits a month 
at a ticket size 4 lakhs-5 lakhs type of granular time deposit. 50 such deposits, 7000 odd 
branches, INR4 lakhs-INR5 lakhs you get per customer. Then that is a drive and then you got 
all the RMs that we are having and the sales people we are having in the branches to go get that 
engagement. 
So, it is better engagement, it is the granular across all branches unleashing this to say this is an 
important element to increase the penetration. Our penetration has, we have grown 30% but still 
it is about up by 50 basis points. We have a long way to go to increase that penetration. We will 
be relentless in getting that full relationship of the customer through this. I gave you one or two 
examples of what we are trying to drive here. 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Manish Shukla: 
Okay, understood, very clear. Now last question, what are the milestones and timelines with 
respect to the merger now? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: With respect to the merger, if you see 28th or so we had the NCLT order that we got. We made 
the application to SEBI as it relates to the change in promoter and giving notices to mutual fund 
holders. So, we have gone to SEBI to get their permission. We have also gone to IRDA from a 
change of promoter on the insurance side. So, we are awaiting what they need to come back and 
give us the nod to go. That is one. 
And then once all of this is there, then we circle back with RBI to take it to the final stages. We 
think from a timing point of view, it is June, July, possibly July is where we think the time frame 
as we speak given where we are on various things. 
Manish Shukla: 
Alright, okay. Thank you for answering the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The question after this will be the last question, due to paucity of time. The next 
question is from the line of M B Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
M B Mahesh: 
Okay, good afternoon. Just two questions on my side. One is in your expectations looking at the 
current deposit rate, how does the cost of funds move in your balance sheet over the next few 
quarters? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay, so with the current deposit mix, the cost of funds will start to inch up as the 30% growth 
that we have had in time deposit in the recent quarter starts to fully come in. So, the cost of funds 
will go up only because of the mix of deposits, not because of the rates. And similarly, the yield 
on assets also needs to go up. That is part of how we are pricing to say that we need to realize. 
So, again within the narrow band, yield lag effect happens. 
Right-hand basis point can change in any time, in any quarter. But again, we operate in that 
narrow band. As I told you, the modified duration is quite matched on point two or so on both 
sides. 
M B Mahesh: 
Okay. Yes, in terms of the questioners, we look at about 20 odd basis points increase sequentially 
and also in the previous quarter. That is quite a good performance. So, that is why we are just 
trying to understand as to whether this 20 moves closer to 30, 40 or is it a number closer to the 
current range? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I do not want to venture into giving a forward looking to say what sort of a volume and mix will 
come as we go into the April to June quarter. But again, it operates within that range, narrow 
range or margin 4.1 plus minus 5-10 basis points. That is where it operates. 
M B Mahesh: 
So, second question, Srini, if I look at the fee-income line, the growth in retail asset driven fees 
as well as when you look at the cost line, the DSA related fees, both of them seems to have 
slowed down or has grown very slowly. Is it any indication of the situation on the ground or you 
think that the volume still is quite impressive when you look at the retail businesses? 

 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 
 
April 15, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: No, it is not something indication on the ground. We do see a good amount of demand. I think a 
little bit too in terms of the customer preferences in terms of higher value chain type of products. 
That is what we see. The example I gave you was the SUV and PV type, right, or higher 
horsepower two-wheeler type. Those are all for that matter a 5G phones rather than a normal 
phone. 
So, these are some of those things that are happening in the market where people are, and also 
the producers, the manufacturers are also looking at high value, high margin type of a products. 
So, it is not some, we see good amount of demand that is there. So, it is for us that it has to pass 
through our credit filters and then we are there to take it. 
M B Mahesh: 
So, in your sense that there is no slowdown in demand at least at this point of time? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Nothing material from that sense that it is about the customer segment. That is all. And I can tell 
you even our subsidiary customer segment, which is a couple of markets below the bank segment 
has also shown enormous attraction in terms of the disbursals and volume growth there. 
M B Mahesh: 
One final clarification, there was a recent RBI guideline on expenses that one can charge on the 
various fee-income lines. How comfortable are you with respect to that guideline? Because it is 
still a white paper. Just trying to understand your perspective about this? 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: On the penal charges. Yes. I think within reason we operate, some minor things can happen, but 
then again the penal charges are in the direction of where we would like to operate and where 
some minor things we need to throw up we will do, but it is within our realm of how we are 
operating. 
M B Mahesh: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan 
Vaidyanathan for any closing comments. 
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Okay. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. We continue to be available over the next 
several days and if anything else that you would like to know more, we would be happy to 
engage and talk. Thank you. Have a great evening. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HDFC Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
