Date: 13.02.2023 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  To 
The Corporate Relations Department               National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
             Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street,P.J,Towers,  
                         Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI- 400001  
 
                         MUMBAI- 400051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call for third quarter ended 31.12.2022 
 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 539302, NSE Symbol: POWERMECH 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call forthe third quarter ended 31.12.2022 
held on Wednesday, 08.02.2023 at 3.30 PM. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://powermechprojects.com/investor-presenations/ 
 
This is for your information and necessary records. 
 
Regards 
For Power Mech Projects Limited 
 
 
Mohith Kumar Khandelwal 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl:A/a 
 
Mohith Kumar 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Mohith Kumar Khandelwal 
DN: c=IN, st=Andhra Pradesh, 
2.5.4.20=531b68d76f9ade87b986f2a3ede9a1b04434f499d53028a
40af38cca338f6112, postalCode=507123, street=2-5-90,aam 
bazar,Yellandu,Yellandu,Yellandu,Khammam, 
pseudonym=bfed30cbdbb0a00f2357e7c1457d3644, title=3800, 
serialNumber=59a3817b6ca1b02819f64f0035f1026a30e42a08e2a
171a0ea2c29645fb20450, o=Personal, cn=Mohith Kumar 
Khandelwal 
Date: 2023.02.13 17:15:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Power Mech Projects Limited Q3 FY'23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 08, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the Stock Exchange(s) on 08th February, 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. K. RAMAIAH – DIRECTOR (BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT), POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED. 
MR. JAMI SATISH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
POWER MECH PROJECTS LIMITED. 
 
MODERATORS: MR. 
PRASHEEL 
GANDHI 
– 
NIRMAL 
BANG 
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
MR. RAHUL ARORA – NIRMAL BANG INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY'23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Power Mech Projects, hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prasheel Gandhi from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Prasheel Gandhi: 
Thanks Tanvi and good afternoon everyone. Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities welcomes you 
all to 3Q FY'23 Earnings Conference Call from Power Mech Projects. 
On the onset of the call, I would like to thank the management team for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call. Today from the management team, we have Mr. S. K. Ramaiah - Director, 
Business Development and Mr. Jami Satish - CFO. I would now like to hand over the call to 
management for opening remarks, post which we can take questions from the participants. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Jami Satish: 
Good afternoon friends. This is Satish here. And I have with me Mr. S. K. Ramaiah - Director, 
Business Development. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call Quarter 3 and Nine Months, 
FY'22 and FY'23. 
The performance for Quarter 3 and Nine Months for this financial year continued as per our set 
targets for the entire year. The reported total income for Quarter 3 is around Rs. 912 crores. 
Again, this is all time high in terms of execution for Power Mech in its journey during Quarter 
3 of any financial year. 
The EBITDA is around Rs. 106 crores and PAT is Rs. 51 crores. During Quarter 3 of previous 
financial year, the reported total income was Rs. 650 crores. EBITDA was Rs. 72 crores and 
PAT was Rs. 33 crores. On a year-on-year basis total income has shown a growth of almost 
40%, with the growth of revenue, growth in EBITDA is around 47%, and growth in PAT is 
almost 54%. 
Revenue mix for Quarter 3 
Erection business contributed almost Rs. 144 crores, civil business including railway, water 
projects, it's around Rs. 492 crores. Operation and maintenance, both domestic and international 
put together is Rs. 260 crores. Electrical business is around Rs. 12 crores, and other income close 
to Rs. 3 crores. During Quarter 3 of the last financial year, the same numbers were like Erection 
business contributed Rs. 127 crore, civil business around Rs. 268 crores, operation and 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
maintenance Rs. 226 crores, electrical business Rs. 25 crores, and other income it was around 
Rs. 4 crores. 
During Quarter 3 of FY'23 Domestic business has contributed almost like 89% and the balance 
11% has come from the international market. Similarly, the power sector has contributed 55% 
and non-power sector it's almost like 45% that is the mix for Quarter 3 FY'23. 
We have seen growth across all the segments except the electrical business. In the electrical 
business, the Company is very selective in its approach and not intending to expand its space in 
electrical business. O&M business has grown by almost 15% and it has contributed 29% of the 
total revenue for this quarter. 
Similarly, the total reported income for nine months, FY'23 stands at Rs. 2,435 crores and for 
nine months the EBITDA is close to Rs. 281 crore and PAT is Rs. 134 crores. Whereas during 
nine months of the last financial year, the reported total income was Rs. 1,822 crores. EBITDA 
was Rs. 206 crores, PAT was Rs. 91 crores. 
On a year-on-year basis, for the nine months, we have seen a growth of almost 34% in revenue. 
And with the growth of revenue, the growth in EBITDA is almost 36% and PAT has grown by 
almost 47%. 
Revenue mix for nine months 
The erection business contributed Rs. 458 crores, civil business including railway and water 
projects, it's around Rs. 1,235 crores; operation and maintenance Rs. 682 crores, electrical 
business Rs. 52 crores and other income is around Rs. 8 crores. Whereas during nine months of 
last financial year, Erection business has contributed Rs. 370 crores, civil business, it's around 
Rs. 775 crores, operation and maintenance Rs. 587 crores, electrical business it was around Rs. 
76 crores, and other income it was around Rs. 15 crores. 
And the mix between International and Domestic, the Domestic business has contributed 86% 
during nine months FY'23, and the rest has come from overseas business it's around 14%. And 
the mix between power and non-power business stands at 59% and 41% during nine months of 
this financial year. 
The Company always been conservative in its approach since its inception and therefore while 
building a business plan it takes all suitable steps to retain the plan under control. In addition to 
the plan for sustained growth, the Company's focus will also continue on cash flow and margin 
improvement. We are seeing the margin profile improving gradually, maybe by FY'25, we are 
expecting to reach to our earlier reported margin profile and move thereafter with some gradual 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
improvement. This is mainly on account of various initiatives what we have taken since past few 
years. 
Moreover, we are very happy to see our execution cycle improving quarter-on-quarter. The 
Company has set a strong base in terms of resources, equipment, strong man power base, 
leadership skill, both at senior level and middle and junior level engineering skills etc., to execute 
projects in the range of Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 450 crores per month, which is encouraging. If you 
see like a few years back our execution range used to be around Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 450 crores 
plus in a quarter. But now the same level of execution is going to be done in a month. This shows 
the transformation of the Company that has been done for sustained growth. 
All the existing projects are on track and moving as per the schedule. The execution plan for the 
year and for the next financial year remains on track and we do not see or anticipate any changes 
in our business plan. Similarly, seeing the present opportunity sides the order book target for the 
current and next financial year looks to be comfortable. Each month the business development 
team review is done based upon changes to see that the overall target of the Company is intact. 
The Company is also expecting good amount of order booking and execution cycle at 
international market. The team is strengthened even at international market, especially we are 
expecting good amount of additions in the operation and maintenance  the Nigeria market. 
Moreover, the Company has set a strong risk management policy and team to review each project 
progress and identify associated risks. This is helping us to proactively mitigate at early stage 
for any associated risk if any. The initiative which the Company’s has taken a few years back is 
helping now for a sustained growth across verticals. 
Coming to the next line items, depreciation as a percentage remained on the lowest side as we 
have even stated in the last call that because of control CAPEX this line item is kept more or 
less flat. Similarly, finance cost as an absolute number remained controlled. There has been some 
increase in the non-fund utilization because of the order book increased and execution cycle 
improvement. Now, as a percentage we are expecting it to come down further. 
The overall working capital cycle seen improving for the period due to changes in the customer 
as well as the business mix. The net current day excluding cash and cash equivalent, is ranging 
in the range of 145 to 146 days during the period, and as stated earlier, this is expected to improve 
further. As you all know like this used to be 153 days, 31st March 2022 and 205 days, 31st March 
2021. So, there has been significant improvement in the working capital cycle. 
Moreover, the operating cash flow we have seen is positive; it's around Rs. 45 crores plus during 
the period. And more importantly, we are seeing that the average monthly collection improving 
each month which used to be Rs. 250 crores to Rs. 300 crores now it has gone almost like Rs. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
300 crores to Rs. 350 crores plus. And we are expecting this to go up again to Rs. 400 crores to 
Rs. 450 crores per month with the growth of the business. 
And coming to the debt line item, the gross debt, it stands around Rs. 535 crores and the net debt 
is almost like Rs. 336 crores, whereas FY'22, it was Rs. 527 crores and the net debt was Rs. 320 
crores. So, in spite of growth in business execution cycle and all this number we have kept flat. 
And we are working to bring it down. So, this shows the improvement in the working capital 
and the cash flow. 
Coming to the order book the backlog as of 31st December 2022, it stands around Rs. 24,200 
crores. And the plan we have set close to Rs. 10,000 crores for this year. We are trying to move 
towards that line items. We have done so far Rs. 8,500 crores. Apart from that we have projects 
which are L1 close to Rs. 970 crores. So, we are comfortable reaching to the closer number, the 
target what we have set for this year. 
Now I request Mr. S. K. Ramaiah to say a few more developments before we get into question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks Satish for your update on the various numbers. I think we 
continue to be bullish in our approach on  the new opportunities and the development activities 
and marketing from a variety of customer base and the investments which are taking place in all 
the sectors of the economy. 
Basically, there is a substantial growth in the order backlog compared to March 2022 in Rs. 
8,854 crores. Now it has reached almost 15,000 cr, Satish has told that is almost more than 90% 
growth in the order backlog that has been propelled by substantial opportunities in FGD 
business, in various infrastructure projects, and then other key opportunities. 
For Quarter 3, the total order booking has been Rs. 1,531 crores compared to Rs. 1,628 crores,  
to the last quarter. And of course, in the 2nd Quarter there was a bulk order on FGD particularly. 
That we are now at Rs. 8,500 crores for the year to date, and there is scope end  up to Rs. 9,500 
crores to Rs. 10,000 crores would be a reasonable possibility, at the end of the year. That should 
help us to build up a backlog of nearly Rs. 15,000 crores by the end of the year of March 23 . 
Now the key segments as already told you know, the order back log segment wise w r t March 
22 and Dec ’22 is  that; mechanical  backlog has gone up from Rs. 1,650 crores to Rs. 8260 
crores, Civil it was Rs. 5,842 crores to Rs. 5,663 crores , and O&M Rs. 1,240 crores to Rs. 850 
crores, and the electrical Rs. 118 crores to Rs. 136 crores. And then the Domestic there is 
substantial growth because of the more number  of the opportunities, and obviously we continue 
to focus on the Domestic market because of all the opportunities  available. And then the power 
sector continues to give fillip to the order backlog based on the FGD opportunities and a few of 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
the other installation opportunities coming up, that comes to Rs. 9,638 crores versus non-power 
of Rs. 5,268 crores. Apart from the MDO, this is the  backlog. Excluding the MDO order. 
Now, coming to the key orders bagged, apart from what we have bagged in the first two quarters. 
The BMRCL Challaghatta Bangalore workshop depot are on Rs. 427 crores, and then  wagon 
repair shop  of railways Rs. 250 crores and then other FGD jobs are there. And then the L1 status 
is there for  about Rs. 970 crores. Therefore, with these opportunities, obviously, what we are 
targeting for nearly Rs. 9,500 crores to Rs. 10,000 crores would be a possibility. 
And then coming to the next year 2023-24, we are already mapping some of the opportunities 
and as we have seen the investment in the current budget of infrastructure and capital investment 
of Rs. 10 lakh crores and the major investment is coming in the railways 2.4 crores and then 
roads 2.7 crores and then in energy sector , drinking water & other areas also. And therefore, we 
are in line with these opportunities brought out by government investments and then particularly 
in the drinking water schemes, then energy sector, oil and gas sector, mining and minerals apart 
from the roads. Therefore, these opportunities will be continued to be aggressively pursued by 
us. And our estimation is that we can target nearly opportunities over Rs. 30,000 crores to Rs. 
35,000 crores. 
And then International also because of our Domestic bullish market, we were not focusing much 
in the last one or two years, but it will be opening up in the Middle East Market with  300 
gigawatts of opportunities  on the O&M . And then West Africa is there, Nigeria we are already 
working there. And we are also undertaking an O&M job for the Dangote job which is just now 
completed, and then other countries in the Western Africa.The total investments needed in Africa 
to bridge the  electricity gap is around $ 100 Billion. Bangladesh also offers opportunities in 
both gas based and coal based power generation. 
And then Domestic obviously, there is going to be continued scope potential for the FGD about 
80,000 MWs. Then some of the new plants are also expected to come in Neyveli Lignite 
Corporation in Orissa for 2400 MW, then NTPC is planning to add additional capacity in 
Singrauli, Lara and other projects also. Therefore, there is going to be some additional 
opportunities which is expected in the thermal sector also. And then infrastructure particularly 
mining, minerals and then coal mining and material handling, railways. Railways is going to be 
a substantial opportunity, in fact, already we are doing about six, seven projects and there are a 
lot of opportunities in maintenance shops and repair shops. And then this Metro project, Metro 
projects this one we have got  in Bangalore, for the Challaghatta project. Similar projects we can 
take up for the new Metro projects because wherever Metro projects are coming, there are 
maintenance shops that are required, and that is a focus on the new opportunities. 
Therefore, all these things combined together, it is not a challenge to target opportunities to Rs. 
30,000 crores to Rs. 40,000 crores. And with a hit rate of 20% to 30%, I think next year target 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
is about Rs. 7,500 crores to Rs. 8,500 crores that should be a reality. And this growth story 
should be continued to be maintained in the coming two to three years. Apart from the new 
opportunities will come up. And one more thing, what I can say is that there is going to be huge 
investment which will come up in the private sector particularly in the minerals and metals, steel 
etc. 
With increased investments  Arcelor Mittal is going to make major expansion. Then JSPL is 
coming with expansion. JSW is coming with expansion. Apart from that, minerals and coal 
mining a lot of expansions are expected, and these opportunities will grow both for EPC jobs, 
then erection testing commissioning jobs and many of the other civil works etc. For that also if 
we factor it these opportunities will further go up, that is what I would like to say. And then we 
can now wait for your questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
First question is on the revenue guidance for FY'23, I think you had given a guidance 36 billion, 
are you maintaining that number and how do you see you know FY'24 on this base? 
Jami Satish: 
Yes, see FY'23, we are on track, normally like if you take nine months, first half and second 
half, the second half which is significantly high compared to first half. So, the targets and 
execution cycle more or less on control. So, we are confident that number will continue. '24 even 
like, we have kept, water will play a significant role and of course O&M will continue to be 
around Rs. 1,150 crores to Rs. 1,200 crores. And the water business because the order backlog 
what we have taken is close to Rs. 2,800 crores to Rs. 3,000 crores. And the calculation is per 
village it's working around one crore, now post Detail Project Report, (DPR) the value is going 
up almost like 20% to 25%. So, now the order book we have taken the original contract value, 
once the few villages it's been revised and almost like 20% to 25% had to revise. So, maybe 
FY'23, 31st during quarter full will revise the complete number. 
So, this will throw a huge backlog for us even in terms of execution, water itself now around 
average its working almost like a January, post to December, January it's almost like Rs. 120 
crores to Rs. 150 crores. So, this cycle is expected to improve to Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 160 crores. 
So, maybe Rs. 1,400 crores to Rs. 1,500 crores execution cycle we can expect next year. So, 
seeing the order backlog now, on average 42% to 43%, it's quite comfortable to take it next year. 
Mohit Kumar: 
You are talking about the number of 43 billion, is that number, is the number --? 
Jami Satish: 
No, conversion it’s 40% plus to 42% plus conversion to the opening order book, it's quite 
comfortable. On top of that, the temporary shutdowns and any new orders comes in the next 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
year, that will also add to the kitty. So, if all goes well revised looks like FY'24 we should cross 
almost like Rs. 5,500 crores plus. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Have you started executing Adani FGD project, and has it started contributing or do you think 
it will take some time for it take off? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
I think we  had a thorough review on all these projects of Adani, 15 plants of 8460 MWs. And 
reasonably the first is the ordering of  around Rs. 1,100 crores have been ordered, another Rs. 
100 crores is expected by end of March. And next year by the 2nd Quarter and maybe beginning 
of the 3rd Quarter, most of the ordering will be completed except for the last segment Electrical 
C&I, & that should give a good track in terms of execution of this because there are commitments  
on all these projects and also  with  a local regulatory  in place to approve these projects for the 
PPA and other clearances. Therefore, we are on track on all these projects as on today. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Lastly on Talabira, Singrauli, Lara what are the kinds of opportunities we can cater to, and are 
you seeing the tenders -- the Company’s for where we will be eligible? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, you mean to say for the power plants? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, see Talabira 3x 800 MW,  NLC has already invited bids BHEL and L&T ar, and they are 
yet to take a decision; maybe by end of this year, perhaps they will take a decision that way this 
opportunity will be there. And of course, NTPC  are inviting bids for the Lara project also 2x800 
MW,&  there is Singareni 2x800mw also, that is an additional opportunity .NTPC has awarded 
2x660mw Talchar project to BHEL Therefore, , all these projects will come up possibly for the 
next year in terms of the power sector business. 
And then I told you about the FGD business. And in FGD substantially what we are doing is 
that, now Udangudi we have already provided an offer. And then JSPL is coming with the FGD 
conversion for all their plants in  Tamnar ,Raigarh that is in Chhattisgarh, &  Odisha, that will 
be a substantial opportunities in terms of roughly around 4200 MWs. And we have a good 
relationship with JSPL in Angul, Tamnar and various other projects Raigarh, and that should 
throw up opportunities at least about Rs. 2,500 crores to Rs. 3,000 crores apart from the other 
government tenders and utility tenders, which are expected to be completed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So, my first question is on the status of MDO project, so is it online? Is it on stream? Like earlier 
you were saying earlier, that by Q4 FY'24, it should start generating revenue. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Jami Satish: 
Yes, I missed to update one good development. See for starting this MDO project the critical 
milestone is Stage I forest clearance, and we have got it. So, it's in terms of approvals now in 
place. Next two months, the environmental clearance will follow because Stage I FC is important 
for environmental clearance. So, by June we will start ground activities. So, this project is 
completely under control and it is as per the plan. So, we had planned close to Rs. 50 crores plus 
FY'24 and that is in control, it's possible. There may be slight improvement because of the 
escalation, we have taken the price as we quoted, so probably maybe second half or Quarter 3 
of next year, we will review the numbers and we will come up with the revised numbers. So, the 
number is going to Rs. 50 crores plus. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Now my second question is just to understand so whenever we execute any particular work, after 
completion of the work at every month we must be generating the invoice to the client. Let's say 
if some clients don't pay then till what level we work or we stop the work? 
Jami Satish: 
Normally, see being a cash contractor right it’s all cash contracts, the payment cycle is normally 
30 to 60 days, but as a practice, it's going almost 70 to 75 days. So, existing customers wherever 
we understand we go up to 60, 65, 70 days also, but new customers we don't work beyond 40, 
45 days. So, we see that the payment is well protected otherwise we will end up incurring 
additional cost. 
Dixit Doshi: 
But in the past have we done like let's say if some payment is not coming beyond 70 days also, 
we stopped the work typically? 
Jami Satish: 
This case has been in multiple instances, we have to build that pressure, because our like 50% 
to 55% in some of the projects even 65% is manpower okay. So, we have to build that pressure 
that my payments are linked to our collections. So, we have done in across, in multiple cases. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And my last question is on this Adani FGD order. So, earlier you have mentioned that we are 
going to receive the advance and we will not require to deploy our own funds in this project, is 
it --? 
Jami Satish: 
Even today the stance remains the same, it's a complete, the plan is to have a cash neutral project. 
So, we will not invest anything in terms of working capital except the equipments of Rs. 25 
crores to Rs. 30 crores, which we have already done that. So, we have taken almost Rs. 100 
crores of advances for this project. We have already availed this. And we are expecting the last 
two days we got some amount and maybe next one week, we will be getting another Rs. 25 
crores to Rs. 30 crores. So, need base we are trying, because interest free. And our progress is 
again aligned to the receipts. So, it's on track. Yes, you are right. It is going to be a cash neutral 
project. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Dixit Doshi: 
And just one last question. So, in terms of margins across the segments, we generally have a 
similar margins or it varies like erections, civil work, O&M? 
Jami Satish: 
The margins profile changes actually O&M that's where we command more and compared to 
Domestic and International, International is slightly higher side. And mechanical, it works 
around 11.5% to 12.5%, civil it’s working now 9% to 10.5%. The reason being, we have spent 
in terms of royalty to build the credentials since four to five years now. And we are getting that 
fruit now. So, what will happen is the projects which we have quoted, paying the royalty now 
that's getting over maybe next few quarters, we will see that margin profile improving. So, we 
are targeting that FY'25, at least we should reach to our normal reported higher margins, which 
used to be 13% to 13% plus. So, that's where we are working towards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I joined the call a bit late, maybe it could be a repetitive question, I am sorry for that. I just 
wanted to check what update did you give on the Rs. 6,000 crore of the order, which has come 
from Adani Power on the FGD side, in terms of execution, in terms of the timeline? 
And will it by any chance change the initial expectation of revenue that we had for the '24 and 
'25, which I think in the last quarter, we mentioned that we will do about Rs. 3,800 to Rs. 4,000 
crore revenue this year, and about five and a half next year. So, does it change anything? Does 
it change in terms of the order inflow advances? If you could comment on that, and I am sorry 
if this question was answered earlier. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, as Satish has stated,  more recently the advances are on track, Rs. 100 crores and another 
Rs. 50 crores are also in the pipeline. And as far as the conversion is concerned, these projects 
are expected to be completed by '25. Therefore, the most important for all these project execution 
is the ordering cycle. Now the ordering cycle will be completed in the next six to nine months. 
Therefore, the conversion should be on track this year. This year we may get about Rs. 50 crores 
to Rs. 100 crores of turnover, the coming year about Rs. 1,500 crore minimum we are expecting 
it, and balance will be completed in the next 12 to 18 months. 
Therefore, these projects are fully committed and we are keenly following it up on all the aspects 
of that execution. And the major works will be on the civil, mechanical supplies, structural and 
equipment supply. And as I told you Rs. 1,100 crores ordering has already been done and the 
balance ordering will be completed by 2nd to 3rd Quarter. And that should pave the way for 
reasonable timely execution barring the local issues whatever is there that is a access availability, 
customer acceptance of certain things, all those things the normal project issues can be there. 
Otherwise, we are very confident on continuous tracking this project reasonably. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Jami Satish: 
And see Rs. 3,500 crores to Rs. 3,600 crores it's more or less in control because nine months so, 
we have seen the execution cycle improving and it's going as per our plans. So, this year the 
guided number remains under control and next year even Rs. 5,500 crores plus okay and any 
improvement in the additions of next year that may add ups some more but will come with that 
numbers maybe 1st Quarter of next year. As of now the number what you have given that remains 
intact. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you have got Rs. 1,100 crores of order already issued on that Rs. 6,000 crore of order backlog 
that you have from Adani that’s what you were mentioning, right. Rs. 1,100 crores work order 
has been issued. 
Jami Satish: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what is your revenue assumption from that order for next year that is '24, in your total Rs. 
5,500 crores revenue that you are thinking? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Our assessment is that around Rs. 1500 crores for the FGD jobs -- 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And this being a more regulatory nature order so it was a compulsion to put up these FGDs. Is 
there a timeline issued for implementation of it by any regulatory authorities or anything? 
S. K. Ramaiah : 
I will tell you;  the entire FGD retrofitting is guided by the (CEA) Central Electricity Authority 
there is a schedule of year  24 to 26 that is three categories of plants are there Class A, Class B 
and Class C and most of these plants come under Class C therefore ‘25 and ‘26 therefore, there 
is a reasonable time available to implement this project to meet the regulatory deadlines fixed 
by the government. And accordingly, the ordering is being done and that is how the EPC order 
also has been placed by Adani  on us. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, in any situation, can this be canceled or postponed or it is a compulsion to implement? 
S. K. Ramaiah : 
No, it is part of the national commitment. And second thing is that  the FGD implementation 
169,000 MW is the total plant capaicity  identified out of 210,000 MW, this is part of the 
mandatory incorporation committed to the COP 2026 and the rest of commitments are there. 
And it is very important for this country to meet sulfur dioxide emission control and there is no 
going back on this. And in fact, ordering is being done by various developers . Order flow is 
expected in fact, a lot of inquiries are coming already more than 55% ordering has been done 
another 40% to 45% has to be done perhaps in the next one year  all these orders should be 
completed. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And so what is the progress on the balance 80,000 MW of projects where the FGD order is yet 
to be placed and you are hoping for some order wins there? 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
S. K. Ramaiah : 
Yes, we are targeting nearly around 7000 to 8000 MW in that. I told you JSPL is there, Vedanta 
Group is there, they are all favored customers and then private & public sector utilities also in 
Tamil Nadu we are targeting; already we have submitted the offer. And other selected places 
wherever we are there, we can do that our plan is to at least see the opportunities for about 7000 
to 8000 MW.. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my last question is our MDO order execution will start in ’25, right that's how it is or is it 
in FY24? 
Jami Satish : 
See MDO just before your question we had that update so MDO we have cracked the first 
milestone which is important to start the project that's the forest clearance Stage I. Now that 
Stage I clearance comes then Stage II and environmental will follow in two months. So, we have 
got that approval, now the approval part is in control. So, the execution ground will start June 
onwards. So, the Rs. 40 to Rs. 50 crores or maybe slightly this number may go up, because of 
the escalation and what we had projected is as per the timeline sir. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, the execution of some business will be there in ‘24, right? 
Jami Satish : 
’24 we are expecting close to Rs. 50 crores and rest likely for because of the escalation figure 
and thereafter there will ramping up. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And on the margin side do we expect any expansion in margin next year? 
Jami Satish : 
There is a gradual improvement, because see last four or five years we are losing in terms of 
royalty in spite of for our core business doing good amount of execution margins. There is high 
probability that it will go up, but we are confident that now because of all these new initiatives 
‘25 at least we will try to reach to our normal margin successfully, that’s the plan. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is that 2.5% of order that you have to pay for --? 
Jami Satish : 
Yes, that cycle is coming down, now slowly the margin profile has improved, so we are saying 
that by ’25 we should go back to our normal reported margin of 13% at least. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayant Sinha from Jay Tours & Travels. Please go ahead. 
Jayant Sinha: 
This is a repetitive question I think, this is regarding the Adani order only because of the Adani 
things order, I think our share got beating. Now regarding the payment of Adani order of Rs. 
6000 crores how safe placed we are regarding the payments and the execution? 
Jami Satish: 
As we have said okay, even we had similar questions okay. As we said, this is a cash neutral 
project we have more or less advanced, we will draw and use it need based. So, we have drawn 
Rs. 100 crores plus, we will be drawing some more amount. And almost Rs. 1100 crores to Rs. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
1200 crores order has been done. Now it’s a global mandate and for them also there's a time 
pressure. So, in terms of execution, it's on track. We are planning maybe Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 
100 crores of turnover this year maybe next year we have planned Rs. 1200 crores to Rs. 1500 
crores. And this number may further go up because of time pressure, but that will come in maybe 
Quarter 1 or Quarter 2 of next year based on the progress. It's more or less absolutely under 
control there is no slowdown. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
And to add to what Satish said whatever projects we are doing with Adani so far, we are having 
a reality check on that road project and then there are two  mining projects, what we are doing 
in Orissa O&M jobs also under execution, and nowhere our bills are pending for more than a 
month, on 30 days to 40 days. 
Jami Satish: 
16 years of journey we understand the customer. So, my maximum payment cycle is 30 days. 
So, as you see as of today, no dues actually pending. And this being large contract, as a risk 
mitigation, we have ensured that it has to be cash neutral project except for CAPEX of equipment 
of Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 crores, of course, those are in-house equipments. Apart from that, there 
will be any working capital investment from our side, it’s on track. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
In fact, we had a review with the Adani teams and we are getting confidence about as far as these 
investments are concerned because they are very specific for meeting the regulatory 
requirements and they are already committed on this project. And there are PPAs also in place. 
Jayant Sinha: 
So, according to my understanding after completion of this project maximum payment cycle will 
be 30 to 45 days? 
Jami Satish: 
This project, yes so these all are 30 to 45 days, maximum beyond that we cannot afford to wait. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
In the case of Adani FGD job, our commitment for investment working capital is only based on 
what we receive from them. 
Jami Satish: 
That is how we have structured. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
That is how we have structured the entire contract. For  our vendors we will pay only once we 
get from Adani. 
Jayant Sinha: 
So, once they pay you the advance then only you will execute the order? 
Jami Satish: 
But today, I have surplus. I have taken almost like more than Rs. 100 crores plus, what I have 
released is hardly Rs. 60 to Rs. 65 crores, I have surplus cash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Gupta from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Anupam Gupta: 
Just one question the mining MDO revenue for FY24 you said Rs. 50 crore or Rs. 250 crores. 
Jami Satish : 
Rs. 50. 
Anupam Gupta: 
And in FY25 this number should ramp up to what level? 
Jami Satish : 
MDO, Rs. 25 let's take this a base number without escalation it will be in the range of Rs. 155 
crores to Rs. 175 crores. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Escalation versus base prices is approximately 40% on current cost? 
Jami Satish : 
Yes, today see the quoted price is Rs. 886 as per today's escalation it’s working almost like Rs. 
1450. Yes as you rightly pointed it is slightly higher side because diesel has been given price 
escalation index, more weightage because of that, this price is significantly has gone up. So, the 
cost is not proportionate. So, the margin profile should also improve. 
Anupam Gupta: 
And in terms of when you consolidate it in your balance sheet what sort of CAPEX should we 
build in for FY23 and FY24? 
Jami Satish : 
FY23 very max of Rs. 15 crores because not much investment will happen. FY24 see we have 
planned equity infusion of close Rs. 100 crores plus so 75% will come from our books. So, 
maybe Rs. 150 to Rs. 160 crores both the equipment put together equity and plus the term loan 
and all so it may range Rs. 150 to Rs. 180 crores and the rest FY25/FY26. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Rs. 150 basically includes Rs. 75 crore of equity and balance of CAPEX. 
Jami Satish : 
Yes the Rs. 75 crores, we will infuse ‘24 maybe Rs. 30 to Rs. 40 crores and ’25 the rest. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move to the next question from the line of Riken Gopani from Capri Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Riken Gopani: 
I have three questions, the first one on the order book. So, you have mentioned for next year that 
you might bid for about Rs. 30000 crores to Rs. 35000 crores of order in the domestic market 
and at 30% that could give you about Rs. 8000 crores to Rs. 9000 crores of orders here. But you 
are also saying that you would increase the focus on the international market next year as well. 
So, overall, what kind of order inflow do you expect in international and in aggregate, what kind 
of accretion do you see to the order book for next year? 
Jami Satish: 
The plan what we have kept Rs. 7500 to Rs. 8500 crores that includes close to Rs. 700 crores of 
international order book, that is a target. So, that will be combination of maybe 50% O&M and 
50% will be the mechanical space. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Actually, our opportunities in domestic is substantial, whatever we get better opportunities 
comes, there we will target in international market also because Domestically  lot of domestic 
opportunities are available. We have seen last year also the same thing. 
Riken Gopani: 
Rs. 7500 crores is roughly what you are expecting is the domestic inflow. And in that, are you 
looking at any FGD orders as well or this is outside of that? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
No FGD is total opportunities where we may be bidding for about Rs. 5000 crores, maybe we 
will expect about 30% in that. 
Riken Gopani: 
Next question is with regards to the cash flow that you have been able to improve the overall 
working capital cycle, as you mentioned, compared to last year as well. So, what is driving this 
improvement? And in terms of next year what's the direction that you would want to guide? 
Jami Satish: 
It's very simple, like if you see, we have been working for 23 years with BHEL. The experience 
with BHEL used to be slightly different five years back, but now since five years, we are seeing 
the receivable cycle going up to 80 to 95 days, okay and so that was one of the reason. And some 
of the projects BHEL when the project is award to company, the final bill certification they are 
taking slightly longer time. Now since four to five years, we have been working in various 
directions, various initiatives like railway, water, international and all, so now we are selecting 
projects where we see that the project is well-funded, and the working capital cycle is good and 
our comfort in terms of the execution. So, that is helping us to – 
And bringing down the BHEL pie, if we go back seven years back, the BHEL pie used to be 
almost at 65% to 70% I think. And if we go two years back the BHEL pie used to be almost 35% 
to 40% but now it has come down 14% to 15%. So, that is helping us a lot to rotate the working 
capital and the retention money which we had 250 to 280 plus, now in spite of growth to get 
keeping it constant the reason being like some of the projects, we are negotiating, especially the 
private customers that the retention money comes with support of the BG. So, that will further 
help us to support in terms of the working capital. 
Riken Gopani: 
So, you are expecting this 138 days to also further come down in the next year? 
Jami Satish: 
The idea is to bring it down to at least 135 days first, at least next 12 months, that's the plan. And 
with the new initiatives and all the new projects there's a high probability that that should further 
come down. So, we are seeing gradual improvement. 
Riken Gopani: 
And just in terms of one clarity on the FGD bit, you mentioned that there is a regulatory timeline 
that needs to be followed. But just to understand this better, are there any requests that can be 
taken to postpone this or is under no situation can there be any postponement to the timelines 
that are being currently outlined for FGD? 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, I think, these deadlines are continuously monitored by the Central Government or the CEA, 
(Central Electricity Authority) also, earlier they had fixed '24 and now they had made it '26. And 
looking at this, because it is not only the main ordering is important, but the way it is 
implemented with the availability of the plant also for the execution and then availability  of the 
access there because they are all to be retrofitted, those factors will be taken, and the availability 
of the equipment also from where they are source ,& how it is sourced etc. For all these aspects 
and then of course, in all this FGD investment is also part of the tariff pass-through. And all 
these aspects  also had to be firmed up with the tariff commitments from the DISCOMs and 
Electricity Boards. Therefore, it is a combination of all these factors, but the commitment to 
implement FGD is very clear. And that is what is seen in the ordering also, a lot of ordering is 
continuously happening out there. 
Riken Gopani: 
So, it's at least fair to assume that the projects which you have on hand currently, there may be 
reasonable visibility that they are not being pushed any further and it will be done by FY'25? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, that is our optimism. 
Jami Satish: 
We are seeing that on the ground. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
And we are also watching the way the ordering is being done because ordering is the most 
important thing for all these projects. And apart from that we are executing two other projects 
for BHEL also, that is on the civil side, they are also on track. Therefore, we don't anticipate 
huge delays   on this, because the government itself is pushing for this completion. And there is 
a commitment from the developers also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sheen George from Geojit Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Sheen George: 
Can you give us the revenue forecast for like, what is the estimate for FY'24 and FY'25? 
Jami Satish: 
See '24 like, as we discussed as we also stated like, see the conversion 40% to 42% is very much 
likely. So, Rs. 5,500 crores plus any upside on the FGD that will help us, that's the plan. So, for 
‘25, because MDO is going to start and we are about to even close the water projects and all, 
okay. So, there could be even some upside in FY'25 also. So, that should range maybe in the 
range of around, taking MDO together it should range close to Rs. 6,000 plus because we have 
the complete water project also. 
We have kept a target of Rs. 7,000 crores to Rs. 7,500 crores and in '25 we have kept the order 
book target of Rs. 8,000 crores. For FY'25 order book, we are not taking any conversion 
percentage, I am just taking the backlog. 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
What I am trying to say, for FY'24, we have kept a target of Rs. 7,500 crores plus of order 
booking. And FY'25, we have kept a target of Rs. 8,000 crores plus order booking. So, taking 
40% conversion to the opening order book, I am not taking the addition for that year. So, we 
should be able to cross Rs. 6,000 plus for FY'25. 
Sheen George: 
What about the order intake estimates are there? 
Jami Satish: 
In fact, for this year we kept Rs. 10,000 crores so we will be close to that number, FY'24, Rs. 
7,500 crores plus and FY'25 Rs. 8,000 crores plus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Jobalia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anish Jobalia: 
You actually gave some numbers around the cash flow from operations in your initial comments. 
So, if you could just, you know, I lost your voice during that time, but if you can give the number 
for the nine months. And what are your targets for the full year as well as for the next year? I 
mean, given the scenario of the improvement in the growth in revenues and margins and also 
working capital that we are expecting. So, if you can share some numbers, that would be great? 
Jami Satish: 
Yes, see for nine months, it's close to Rs. 45 crores to Rs. 50 crores plus, that is the number, and 
this number is expected to go up because whatever is required to mobilize the projects, we have 
spent the money for all the new orders including the solution to Kazipet and the Bangalore 
Metro. So, whatever mobilization is required, initial mobilization we have done that. So, FY'24, 
yearend it may be in the range of maybe close to Rs. 100 crores, that is what our expectation. 
And '24 that number should go up maybe close to Rs. 180 crores to Rs. 190 crores. 
Anish Jobalia: 
So, I mean like if I see the half year, so in the half year I think like we did already like Rs. 62 
crores. So, if we have done like Rs. 45 crores it means, like there was a negative cash flow from 
operations in this quarter. Is that correct and --? 
Jami Satish : 
It may be Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores with the difference, yes, you are right. 
Anish Jobalia: 
So, but then we are still expecting to achieve the Rs. 100 crore CFO for FY'23 that's the target, 
is that correct? 
Jami Satish : 
That’s the target. So, the reason being like the new projects like Kazipet and Bangalore Metro, 
whatever mobilization is required we have done internally. So, the building starts maybe 30 or 
45 days thereafter, normally it takes 30 to 60 days. So, whatever the other projects we have on 
hand it's all been spent now. And Quarter 4 normally, it's a good quarter for collections and in 
terms of execution, there is a pressure from, there always used to be pressure from the customer 
during the Quarter 4, and if you see in terms of quantum also, Quarter 4 will be almost will be 

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
the high, comparatively to Quarter 1, Quarter 2 and Quarter 3. So, we are expecting good amount 
of collections. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riken Gopani from Capri Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Riken Gopani: 
Just one follow up question with regards to FGD. So, the current order wins that we have that is 
for about 6000 MWs. And the total order book reflects about Rs. 6,000 crores, is it about a crore 
or so for MW that it works out to you, is that how it works. And in that context, when you said 
that you are targeting to make about 8000 MWs of additional ordering here then just help me 
understand why you are building in Rs. 1,500 crores in new order win expectations for next 
year? 
S. K. Ramaiah : 
There are two types of packaging , one is a complete EPC package is there, what we got from 
Adani Power Rs. 73 lakhs per MW. And there are contracts which are awarded on a package 
basis, like civil, mechanical, supply and then services jobs that can vary between Rs. 20 lakhs to 
Rs. 30 lakhs per MW, as per the  customer choice. Therefore, and then the orders which are in 
the pipeline from the CESC, Goenka Group is based on this  type of philosophy only not on EPC 
basis. Therefore, it is a combination of EPC then the packaging wise and all, but what I said on 
a ballpark basis if we take the 7000 to 8000 MWs, the opportunity of what we are going to target 
is around Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 6,000 crores, and then based on our past experience and the 
competitiveness in the market that is what the figure I told about is Rs. 1,500 crores. 
Riken Gopani: 
But the total remainder of the power capacity which needs to get the FGD retrofitting done, that 
is about 80,000 MWs, is that correct? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, it is around 80,000 MW, rest of the private players like Adani, they have taken advance 
action, now JSPL is there, JSW is there, Vedanta Group is there. And then various other private 
developers also have to do it, and apart from that state utilities are also there, for example, Tamil 
Nadu is coming with a lot of enquiries and then Maharashtra, then Gujarat state, then  most of 
the states you know they will have some residual orders or the bulk of such orders needs to  be 
completed by many developer , and only NTPC has done bulk of the ordering, and then some of 
the private players. Therefore, all the ordering  they have to complete in the next one year, 
because the deadline is 2026. On that basis these figures will be worked around. 
Riken Gopani: 
So, you will still be participating in that 80,000 as well. This is just based on what you have 
current visibility of? 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, but what I am trying to say, these are all individual packages, individual plants are there, 
therefore about 10% of the available opportunity we will participate that is on  rough  

 
Power Mech Projects Limited 
February 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
conservative basis, maybe we will like exceed that also. But we are taking this initiative based 
on our target for execution which   we can do with our growth plans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
S. K. Ramaiah: 
Yes, Ramaiah here again. Thanks a lot for your presence and all. I think Satish has given the 
numbers and the marketing and the opportunities available in the project,  union budget of 10 
lakh crores of investment and there is a 30% increase in the capital investment as a whole by the 
government. And now private capital will come in a big way in infrastructure, then captive 
equipment, steel plants, infrastructure projects, mining, minerals etc. I think the opportunities of 
Rs. 30,000 crores to Rs. 40,000 crores is not a challenge. And therefore, the targets what has 
been fixed for Rs. 7,500 crores next year and then continued to be maintained afterwards, is 
reasonable and possible. 
And our execution cycle also is improving, with better understanding of the business in various 
projects, what we have done, wherever we entered new business in  non-power, the execution 
cycles are improving, and our projects are getting controlled, with better execution and also cash 
collection. Therefore, we remain optimistic, and the numbers have seen that in terms of the 
ordering, execution and then other PAT and EBITDA margins. That is what I would like to say. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
