    ETHOS LIMITED
 KAMLA CENTRE, SCO 88-89, SECTOR 8-C 
                                                                                               Chandigarh-160 009 INDIA 
                                                                                                                            Phone : +91 172 2548223/24/27, 2544378/79 
                                                                                          Fax : +91 172 2548302 
CIN – U52300HP2007PLC030800 
PAN – AADCK2345N 
 
__________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 
Plot 3, Sector III, Parwanoo-173 220 INDIA 
Ref. no. : Ethos/Secretarial/2022-23/75  
 
Dated: February 9, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code : 543532 
 
 
Trading symbol : ETHOSLTD 
  
ISIN 
:
INE04TZ01018 
 
Subject  
:
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call  
    
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Greetings from Ethos. 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated January 26, 2023 intimating the schedule of the conference call for 
Friday, February 3, 2023 at 5.30 p.m.  
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call held inter alia to 
discuss un-audited financial results for the quarter and 9 (nine) months ended on December 31, 2022, 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The same is also available on the website of the Company 
www.ethoswatches.com 
 
We would request you to please take the same in your records and oblige. 
 
Yours truly  
For Ethos Limited  
                                                      
 
Anil Kumar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership no. F8023 
 
Encl.: as above  
Anil 
Kumar
Digitally signed 
by Anil Kumar 
Date: 2023.02.09 
17:11:07 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Ethos Limited  
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and the Company website on 3rd February 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO – CHAIRMAN & MD – 
ETHOS LIMITED 
MR. PRANAV SABOO –CEO - ETHOS LIMITED 
MR. RITESH AGRAWAL – CFO – ETHOS LIMITED  
 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2023 earnings conference call 
of Ethos Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Saboo – CEO – 
Ethos Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir! 
Pranav Saboo: 
Good evening everyone, and thank you for joining us on Ethos Limited Q3 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. I hope everyone had a chance to view our financial results and 
presentation, which were recently posted on the company’s website and stock exchanges. I 
am accompanied by our CFO, Mr. Ritesh Agrawal, and SGA, our Investor Relations 
Advisors on this call today. 
 
It gives me great pleasure to report that we have experienced yet another good quarter. The 
quarter again confirms the rising potential of the premium and luxury watch category in 
India and the dominance of Ethos in this segment. We are pleased to report that our 
omnichannel platform which combines the effort of online and physical retail is making 
good progress. We are constantly working to improve our EBITDA margins by leveraging 
our operations and exclusive brands. 
 
For Q3 FY2023, revenue from operations was up by 18% to Rs.229.7 Crores from Rs.195.3 
Crores in Q3 FY2022. The company has recorded its highest ever quarterly EBITDA and 
PAT in Q3 FY2023 on the back of robust demand and focussed marketing initiative despite 
having spent an amount of Rs.2 Crores on GPHG which was a non-sales event to ensure 
India is put on the global map and additional foreign exchange fluctuation loss. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 35% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.39.5 Crores in Q3 FY2023. 
Profit after tax for Q3 FY2023 was Rs.20.7 Crores as compared to Rs.12.1 Crores in Q3 
FY2022. This grew by 71% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
For the nine month FY2023 revenue stood at Rs.581 Crores which grew by 39% YoY basis. 
EBITDA for nine months FY2023 Rs.98.5 Crores as compared to Rs.56.4 Crores for the 
nine months FY2022. This grew by 74% YoY. 
 
Profit after tax for nine months FY2023 stood at Rs.47 Crores with a profit after tax 
margins of 8% versus 3.6% last year. Inventory days as on 31st December stood at 153 days 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
of sales. Gross debt was Rs.8.4 Crores as on 31st December. Cash and cash equivalent stood 
at Rs.253.33 Crores as on 31st December. 
 
Before we go for the question and answer part of our discussions, allow me to state a few 
points. The overall performance of Swiss watch exports on a global scale reached an all-
time high. The total value of exports reached the equivalent of 24.8 billion Swiss francs for 
the entire year of 2022, representing an increase of 11.4% compared to the value of exports 
in 2021. 
 
The most important factor in expansion was the production of watches made out of precious 
metals. As per the world distribution of Swiss watch exports for India, Swiss watch exports 
surged from 156.8 million Swiss francs to 187.6 million Swiss francs in 2022 on a YoY 
basis while it stood at 97 million in 2020. The market for premium and luxury watches in 
India is expanding at a faster rate. 
 
The vertical specialist MBO model-led retailing model is the most successful distribution 
channel for luxury and premium watches because it gives the owner of the brand access to a 
larger customer base. Expanding the market with this strategy results in lower overall costs. 
The process of buying a watch from Ethos is on par with or even superior to what 
customers get from other retailers around the world.The customers who shop with Ethos 
have a special trust in the company because they believe that the products we offer are 
authentic. 
 
It will be supported by top class after sales service, with components sourced directly from 
the brands themselves. With this, we would like to bring attention to the fact that as of the 
nine months of FY2023, our repeat customer rate was 46%. 
 
In the month of October GPHG event, which was a huge success when it comes to the 
distribution of new timepieces in India, we at Ethos are continuously in discussion with 
other watchmakers. The knowledge and understanding of the product that we have built up 
over the course of the year, which enables us to manage our customers in an appropriate 
manner is  impeccable. We were able to propel these brands to new heights, opening new 
markets in India, by holding these events, we were trying to approach many brands all over 
the world and show them the expertise and the opportunities that are available at Ethos 
through which they can enter the Indian market. 
 
Further, it gives us great pleasure to announce that we have entered into agreements with 
four prestigious brands namely Tutima, Trilobe, Speake-Marin, and Bell & Ross as we have 
declared to the stock market in the preceding weeks. These brands will be exclusively 
available at our Ethos watch boutiques located all over the country. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
We aforementioned brands each dominated a specific subset of the market and attract a 
sizable customer base. In addition under our exclusive agreements, we will continue to add 
more brands. The continuation of our strategy to strengthen our presence in the luxury and 
high luxury watch segments resulted in an increase in our average selling price for the nine 
months of this year. Our average selling price for the nine months was Rs.1,57,000. 
 
Additionally, during the duration of the quarter, we expanded our retail presence by opening 
two new stores one at Bangalore and the other in the city of Indore, bringing the total 
number of cities in which we operate to 18. We are still fully committed to achieving our 
goal of opening up 40 stores in the coming 24 months across a variety of cities including 
several new tier two, tier three and tier four cities. 
 
Ethos has celebrated its 20th year of operations in January 2023. We at Ethos started our 
journey in 2003 and now we have over two decades of brand presence, retailing luxury 
watches throughout the Indian subcontinent. Also rising young population, rising per capita 
income, urbanization, and rising working women population will support to luxury retail 
watch business over the next decade. 
 
With these comments, I thank you very much for joining this call and I open the floor for 
questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Good evening. Just a few questions firstly on the 
season obviously third quarter is generally the strongest. Just wanted to get your views on 
this, was it above or below your expectation? was it in line with how do you see the market 
shaping up? We are seeing some kind of weakness in affordable non-luxury consumer 
discretionary products in India in the third quarter obviously luxury seems like it has done 
better. Any thoughts on demand trends overall and your assessment on how was third 
quarter. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Thank you for joining the call and appreciate your questions. We were not disappointed by 
the demand, but we were extremely disappointed by the supply. A lot of shipments got 
delayed and a lot of components that were to come in and  help in service and pre-own did 
not come in therefore we were extremely disappointed by the supply situation because we 
could have done much better had that eased out. This was primarily due to the global supply 
chain being disrupted especially with China going through severe COVID led lockdowns. 
We have already seen this easing out in January and we believe that we see no signs of any 
slowdown and we see an amazing quarter up ahead as well. So at the moment, we feel we 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
have shielded from what you are witnessing perhaps in the bridge or the slightly mass 
segment. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
That brings the second question essentially on the outlook for both new watch business as 
well as CPO going into next year obviously topline will be well supported by new store 
openings, but any comments on what kind of growth would you look at because now base is 
pretty high and the second part of the same question is essentially on margins. Do you see 
this margin sustaining because my sense is you will add quite a bit of cost next year. So any 
thoughts on the outlook please. 
Pranav Saboo: 
We take careful decisions ofopening new stores will be taken very carefully. We do not 
believe that we will, even due to the new stores we do not believe that our margins will 
suffer and in fact we will see a healthy growth in overall profit. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Any comment on the topline growth please next year. 
Pranav Saboo: 
I believe that we will have very healthy growth in the next year, that is all I want to mention 
at the moment as we have had a healthy growth in these nine months we see healthy growth 
in the coming year. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Lastly on a bit of discussion on the store performance and the ageing there. My 
understanding is the margins are doing great at the company level 13.5% is a good 
achievement in India retail. Out of the 48 stores which were operational as of last quarter 
which is September, would you feel that any location is a drag and that needs to be looked 
at, how many stores would that be and how many stores would actually be doing like 
operating margins upwards of 15%, how would you look at ageing in your store profile any  
botheration there. Some color on that, please. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Honestly I think there are only one or two stores out of all 50 stores that we feel as a drag 
and they were set up for a longer-term perspective. For example, if there is a mono brand 
boutique of an exclusive brand we knew that we would not be meeting a 15% in year one 
on that boutique. I believe we will reach that, we are not looking at any closure at the 
moment and we are pretty sure that all stores will be profitable in the next year. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just to squeeze in one more. Any thoughts on CPO how did that do and the way ahead 
please. 
Pranav Saboo: 
So as I mentioned there was a single digit growth this time in CPO that was primarily 
because we did not have supplies coming in of components that has eased out in January. In 
the next quarter, we see a 70% growth on a YoY basis in the quarter that we are in.We 
believe that in the next year, our growth will be 100% over this year. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you so much for answering my questions and congratulations for completing two 
decades of Ethos brand in the country. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Stallion Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Hi Good evening everyone. I wanted to start by talking about the CPO side as you 
mentioned that you are at a single digit growth and previously you had mentioned that you 
will be doing around Rs 70 Crores in FY2023 so are we on track for that or did we miss it 
by some margin given Q3 was  weak. 
Pranav Saboo: 
We will likely miss that target because Q3 was weak but we will catch up in the quarter one 
of next year where we see our supplies are being restored. We are facing the biggest 
bottleneck for us right now till now was getting component supply and getting watch 
makers in place. We are now opening the largest service center as we speak it should be 
operational in the next four months to get in watch makers to be able to restore the watches. 
We see amazing demand that is happening and the positive thing is that we will be working 
on and that we have worked on is the fact that we are now moving onto a hybrid model 
which means that we do not necessarily pay for all the stock so it seems to a consignment 
model for a lot of the watches in fact in this quarter we will move to 30% of our sales 
coming from consignment sales. In the next year, we expect it to go up to 50% of the sales 
to come from the consignment sales and next to next year it will be nearly 85% of our sales 
coming from consignment. So return on capital will shoot up because the total amount of 
capital employed will be low. In the next year we do expect billings of over Rs 100 Crores 
coming in from CPO and this year we expect the number to be closer to Rs 55 Crores. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
So I have one question around this CPO, the incentive for the watch owners to come and 
sell so wanted to understand this in two segments, one while I understand the incentive of 
the watch owners to come and buy from you. I am not able to get a hang about why would a 
person come and sell through you because everything that would follow through in the 
money part would be through a wide channel. So could you help me understand the taxation 
part, because my understanding is that before like five, seven, or ten years older watches 
they would have purchased it a lot in cash. So how will the taxation come and what 
incentivizes for them to come forward and sell it across through your channel all through 
wherein the payment is all done through legal sources. 
Pranav Saboo: 
So I do not agree with the fact that everything was sold in cash a lot of it was sold as legal 
tenders and there is a large population of watches that exist that has been sold as legal 
tender. number one is that. Number two is the fact that even whether cash or otherwise 
Ethos will get you the best price for your watch, nobody else has the reach, the 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
photography, and the premiumization capability of Ethos to be able to sell a watches, we 
sell a pre-owned watch. We will end up getting the best price because number one, we have 
access to the biggest customers.Our website on second movement has over a 100000 
visitors every month. So if you sell a watch at Ethos you were likely to realize the price 
which is 30% or 40% better than what if you went to another place trying to sell your watch 
in India. So that is why I believe that people come to us to be able to sell the watches and 
we have seen a healthy supply line as well. In fact we are seeing it, it is one of the reasons 
that we have stopped paying upfront for all the watches, we are starting to take watches on 
consignment because we do not need to be able to commit the money upfront and we need 
to commit the money once the sale actually takes place. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
How does the taxation work for the sellers in this case in the CPO front? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Again it depends upon the age of the product if it is over a certain time period it goes into 
short-term otherwise it goes into long-term just as it would for other movable items. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Also moving onto the margin part, could you specify the levers that you pulled in increasing 
your margins because as I could see as a percentage of revenue your employee cost has 
gone down and your rental cost as a percentage has gone down as well. Now while I 
understand that as more and more sales happen from the same store that would be one level 
the second level could be that opening up the newer stores into tier two, tier three those 
lower level cities would incur a lower cost, but what kind of margin levels have you pulled 
and are we sustainable the 9% PAT margin that you have done, what would be the 
sustainable range that you would look at? 
Pranav Saboo: 
I can only say that the margin is sustainable and will be increasing in the future that is what 
I would like to state at this point. I think there are several margin levers. Number one is the 
fact that, as we sell more exclusive brands we have a much higher margin because we get 
the entire distribution and retail margin number one, number two is as discount comes down 
that is another margin lever and then is operating leverage kicking in. I would say these are 
the three largest levers and I do believe that margins will increase in the future. The PAT 
margins will increase. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Generally the newer brand you continue to tie up with a lot of newer brands and a lot of 
brands are such which people might not have heard of or it would be new to them. So do 
you see sales happening for these new brands, how do we pickup in terms of sales is it 
strong or is it mixed depending on brand to brand how is the customer’s reaction to these 
new brands coming in relative to the known ones for a longer period of time? 
Pranav Saboo: 
What I would like to say on this is that, first of all it is a very good question. I want to say 
that every time we sign on a brand it is not for that quarter or next quarter. We are securing 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
supply, we are securing our position for three years from now. I would like to give you the 
example of Moser. Moser was a brand that we started three years ago. At that time perhaps 
it was as not known and each watch is about Rs 35 lakhs. In the first year, we sold about 15 
watches, in the next year we are likely to sell about a 120 watches of that at an average 
price point of Rs 30 lakhs each and with lesser than our average stock turn so I believe that 
brands do have a gestation period as you have mentioned but these brands will catch up 
they have a very strong product they dominate a subset of the industry and I do believe that 
we have traction by signing these all. We are ensuring that we are not just next quarter or 
two quarters but it is also a pipeline for the future in a very large mot that we achieve in the 
future. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Coming to the ASP breakup I can see that given your ASPs are increasing consistently Rs 
157327 now so which means more of your watches are being sold towards the higher price 
range. So how much of it is a factor of product mix change and a factor of pricing increases 
my assumption would be maximum of it would be mix change instead of pricing increasing 
of those watches, but just wanted some clarity there. 
Pranav Saboo: 
I think it is an equal mix at the movement because there is inflation around the world and 
there is price increase taking place, but you are right we are changing the mix as we get out 
of the price point below Rs.20000 and we concentrate on higher value watches as well. So 
yes it would be slightly skewed towards mix but inflation has played a role in the average 
selling price of the same product or the price of the same product rising as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan from Alchemy 
Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a question on the new store opening that we have sort of 
planned out. Just to get a sense of like how many locations and how many trends are we 
sort of finalize because I think the quality of real estate that you would see again would be 
superior to what is more normally available in the country. 
Pranav Saboo: 
As I do want to say yes I think that there is retail space that is suitable for us in all the cities 
that we are looking at. We have made the high street successful as well so we are looking at 
both high street options and mall options. We have signed on quite a few locations, in the 
pipeline, we have quite a few locations that we have signed up in fact all the locations that 
are going to be opened in the next 12 months are already signed up that is what I can tell 
you right now that we are not facing any shortage or we are not facing too much shortage of 
real estate that is suitable for us. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
I just wanted to get a sense on it as you open the stores could you just sort of help us 
understand what is the economics are sort of like in a breakeven in terms of how soon that 
they reach breakeven how soon that they start reaching maturity etc. 
Pranav Saboo: 
I am going to hand that question over to the Managing Director, he just joined in I just got a 
flash that he just joined in he will be happy to answer that question along with the CFO. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Good afternoon, sorry I got a little bit late I had an unavoidable meeting with doctor, I am 
here again. So to answer that question typically our store breakeven within the first year and 
in fact our objectives are even more we would like them to sort of achieve a certain 
minimum ROCE within the first year and typically if the store does not achieve desired 
targets for two, two and a half years we then have to seriously look at that store, so on new 
stores our stores are getting to be profitable pretty soon, pretty quickly much earlier than the 
norms for the retail business especially for the luxury business. To tell you there is a Capex, 
which is typically about Rs 1.5 Crores there is stock which is about Rs 5 Crores so there is 
Rs 6 Crores to Rs 6.5 Crores and typically as I said the stores pay for themselves. They 
have a payback period which is less than three years with payback. In terms of margins, 
CFO will be able to take you through that.when you look at our financial there is a pretty 
much standard for standardized stores 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
I was just curious that see we have around 50 stores now  and over the next two years if we 
are adding it at a very significant pace and if would there be some pressure especially at a 
PAT level and the ROC level for us. 
Pranav  Saboo: 
We do not see any pressure coming on because of these stores. Infact,  that we believe that 
we will have very healthy growth in PAT over the next two years because these new stores 
in the past it has taken time to breakeven. We believe that our new stores will start breaking 
even in the profitable very, very quickly, just as an example we opened Indore in December 
in the month of January it is already profitable. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
But at the PAT level then is there some impact on margins but not at an absolute PAT level 
but at least on the margin side we might see some pressure. 
Pranav Saboo: 
We do not expect pressure on the margin side as well. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Thanks that is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Manish Poddar: 
I just have one question. So I believe you have signed a brand which was already retailing 
in India so just wanted to understand, let us say in terms of the process now which one is 
relatively easy, taking a brand that is already there in India or getting a brand up a fresh and 
the second part is are there most of the brands which you can just get premium model. 
Thanks. 
Pranav Saboo: 
I do not think any of this. I do not think signing either brand, whether they exist here or 
otherwise is easy but of course it is more complicated, if the brand is already here. Bell & 
Ross was here with a lot of retailers. They have decided that they want to work exclusively 
with us and we are very excited about this. I do believe that there are a lot of brands that 
have not even entered India yet and I do believe that they will. When they do, when they 
have enough product. They have not entered because they do not have enough product. I 
believe the Indian market will be unavoidable and when they choose to come here they will 
choose to come with one partner and the obvious choice is Ethos so, I do believe that we 
have a lot of brands that we can sign on right now, we want to sign brands that will stay 
with us for a very long time that will have desire in the Indian market and I do not see a 
shortage of brands in the pipeline either you will be hearing about more announcements in 
the years to come. 
Manish Poddar: 
If there is a brand which already present in India would you want to let us say, is there an x 
percentage that they are giving to the channel. Would you want to just let us say take a 
couple of percentage points off the grid and try to get them the network compared to let us 
say then available and individual or regional players is that a thought process which is there. 
Pranav Saboo: 
What you mean to say is that, take a margin hit but from what we are existing retailers are 
getting but we can look at that case-to-case basis. All the decisions that at least I take are  
led by return on capital employed so if it is going to give us a greater than 25% return on 
capital employed I will be happy to take that decision. 
Manish Poddar: 
Fair enough thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a strong execution again. Sir, I have a few 
questions, one was that in Q4 wedding days are significantly higher versus the previous 
year and our category I understand is again of significant importance during such events or 
days. So can we expect that this Q4 is going to see different trends that will be historical 
Q4. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Devanshu you can go ahead with all your questions maybe and then we can answer all of 
them. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
The second one was on the inventory days we pointed out about 153 days is this a quarterly 
phenomena or a seasonal phenomena and the bulk of the buying for the new season is going 
to get consummated in Q4 that was the second question. The third one is on China opening, 
so India as a country saw a good amount of Swiss imports, do you expect any challenge in 
terms of these imports getting diverted to China since that economy is now opening up and 
the last one is if you could provide the exclusive mix for this quarter. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Our quarter four wedding days number of wedding days are higher we believe that quarter 
four will be a very good quarter. In terms of China  will help us because as I mentioned, a 
lot of components, a lot of machinery come out of China and that will help us a lot in both 
the certified pre-owned as well as the new watches coming in. So we do not see any 
challenges in fact we were eagerly waiting for China to open up. Exclusive mix I believe 
that exclusive mix, I will let the CFO answer the questions on exclusive mix and the 
inventory but we do not necessarily have a buildup of inventory in quarter four except 
unless we open new stores or bring in new brands.. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
Thanks Pranav. With respect to the exclusive mix it is in same line that we clocked  27% 
for the nine month period ended. In terms of inventory that you mentioned we have reduced 
the inventory earlier we used to report about 156 to 160 days this has been reduced by three 
days so it is not piled up but is reduced. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So my question was that only sir. So definitely there has been a reduction I was asking in 
Q4 this will increase. So do you expect these inventory levels to stay at Q4 end as well or 
Q4 end can see a slight increase in the inventory. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
We believe that inventory level would be in-between the line.As we mentioned earlier it is 
primarily the assortment that needs to be maintained and if someone walks in we need to 
show that particular stocks and available I think unless… 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Ritesh let me just make a short comment on that. It is not possible to predict with that much 
certainty because as Pranav said. If a new store opens and there are stores that are still to 
open but that depends on the completion of the store and malls starting and so on, 
sometimes the availability of the product what time it will have customs clearance so if that 
happens in the last week of March certainly stock goes up and it will impact by one or two 
or three days. On the other hand, if it is planned and it does not happen, then the stock can 
go down so I think broadly the range will remain the same, I do not think there is going to 
be a systemic increase or a significant decrease in the stock in quarter four. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thank you sir that is encouraging I have a couple of small questions one was if you call out 
the SSG for this quarter. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
SSG quarter 16% and nine months 31%. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
The last question is while we have been exceeding expectations on most of the brands one 
small disappointment has been on the store opening front for the nine months so while our 
targets remain aggressive. If you could just highlight, as what have been the key challenges, 
is it all macro led or due to delay in the opening of malls and there is a bunch of stores that 
are bound to open in the next quarter or maybe Q1 of FY2024. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
There are lot of stores that are bound to open. The delays have been due to essentially 
delays in malls or availability of the space, but I think at the end of the day for all of us 
opening of new stores is a means to an end and end is to have a very healthy topline growth 
and to have a very good bottom line and I think we have achieved that better than what 
expected even without the stores opening so in the end I am not really worried about stores 
gets delayed long  as we achieved the growth targets that we have set which are very 
aggressive, but we have achieved them, exceeded them and the bottom line. I think we are 
fine that said new stores are going to open and therefore we can hope to continue the kind 
of amazing momentum that our management team has built up. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks a lot this is really encouraging that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varship Shah from Envision Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Varship Shah: 
How much is the capital employed in this CPO business, as we are achieving the model 
there we expect ROC to improve just trying to figure that. 
Pranav Saboo: 
What I would like to say is that the monthly stock is far significantly lower and we will 
probably end the year with about Rs 9 Crores of stock in pre-owned and we do not see a 
significant rise even though we see a doubling of revenue in the next year because, as I 
mentioned, we are migrating to a hybrid model where we have consignment and paid up 
stock and in the future, we want to go towards a much greater percentage of consignment 
than paid up stock, so we will only buy a stock which we know we are confident to sell 
within 15 to 20 days of the watch going live on the website. 
Varship Shah: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Arpit Shah: 
Just wanted the inventory number as on nine months FY2023. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
If you have other questions why do not you ask all of them so we can answer them all? Is it 
your only question? 
Arpit Shah: 
No I have another few questions also if you could help me with the cash flow from 
operations for nine months FY2023 post the lease payment liability. So that is another two 
data points that I am looking out for. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Is there any third question. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes, I have a couple of more questions. Since you are distributing for a lot of exclusive 
brands would you be open to selling to third party retailers also or are you really exclusive 
selling in the Ethos outlets. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Any other questions. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes, and we are going to be almost double the network in the next couple of years, let us 
say going from 50 stores to let us say 90, 95 stores in the next two or three years so in any 
way you will be getting more bargaining power with a lot of brands which could help you 
to decrease the number of inventories that you are maintaining right now on a store level 
basis and just wanted to understand let us say if this year broadly we are closing around Rs 
750 to Rs 780 Crores on the revenue front so any possibility that we could actually cross the 
Rs 1,000 Crores number by FY24 and from there onwards you could see 20%-25% kind of 
growth on the topline if you could just seeing a very accelerated store expansion going 
ahead. Those are all my questions. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Let me answer the last one. We have got pretty aggressive plans for growth, I am not going 
to be able to speculate on specific numbers but you have seen the growth this year and we 
believe that going forward the growth is going to remain robust. We have got the growth 
engines in terms of market expansion, brand expansion happening, so we are waiting to see 
how numbers are going to be panning out precisely. We do expect the robust growth to 
continue it is maybe a little bit too early to give specific numbers but of course our goal is 
to cross the Rs 1000 Crores mark sooner rather than later and yes of course increasing the 
network is going to help in doing that too, but you can expect to see pretty strong growth in 
the years to come next year and the following couple of years. As far as the increase in 
network and whether that is going to decrease the inventory, yes, but decrease in our 
inventory is not really our primary goal. We have seen that in the luxury business you need 
to carry a certain minimum inventory to have a proper selection of the products which is on 
par with the global selection available. If you want Indians to buy in India and not go 
abroad and buy we need to give them the same range in India that they would get in a Dubai 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
or a Singapore or a London or Zurich, so there is a limit to how low you can go on the 
stock. In fact our stock levels in terms of number of days maybe comparable with among 
the best in international retailers of luxury watches so our goal is not to be able to cut down 
on inventory. Rather the increase of network will give us a more stronger relationship with 
the brands so we can get the products we want, the most sellable products and stuff like 
that, that is what our goal is going to be. So to be sure an increased network will give us a 
greater influence and bargaining power with the brand. You had a question about exclusive 
brands can you just repeat your question about exclusive brands. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes, since would we have a lot of exclusive brands would we be working to selling to third 
party retailer. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Our goal is really to be able to offer the highest level of ideality and experience to the 
customer and for the moment we really feel that the customer experience at Ethos is the best 
in the country and we would rather expand that and the brands are very happy with that as 
well. Our partner brands are saying look please go ahead, we need so many points of sale. 
We are very happy with the growth, so we do not see really an argument why we should 
actually go ahead and distribute the brands. That gives us not only these brands being 
exclusively available to Ethos, but also is a very powerful differentiator and mote for Ethos. 
So this is something that is assuring us of very rigorous and assured growth in the years to 
come. So I am not sure is we would change that,  there are no sacrosanct rules over there 
but at the movement I do not think that is something that we are actively thinking about. 
Inventory number nine months FY2023 and the cash flow questions, I am going to leave 
that to the CFO I am not sure if you can answer them right away but otherwise please… 
Arpit Shah: 
I have just one more question on the reinvestment side. Right now we are going to be 
reinvesting the IPO proceeds around the newer 40 stores so how confident are we on the 
ROC from some of the newer stores because these stores are going to be opened in smaller 
towns where your ASPs or volumes may not be as high as on the top eight cities of India. 
So how confident or what are the kind of risks you are seeing on the reinvestment side. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Very confident in one word. Very confident. Second please understand that the number that 
we are showing right now is not only Delhi and Bombay this is also an average of metro 
cities and others and just to tell you, Pranav mentioned that in an earlier point that some of 
our newer store which we have opened outside the metro stores, that these stores are 
profitable from day one with a higher ROCs than our current average. So I certainly not 
jump to the conclusion that there will be a downward pressure on ROC because of the new 
stores, we are opening in second tier cities, our projections actually lead us to believe with a 
lot of confidence that not only will we get a high growth, but we will also maintain or 
actually inch up on the ROC. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Arpit Shah: 
How would you rate January as a month because December we are hearing a lot slower for 
a lot of other retail companies and January picking up for the luxury… 
Pranav Saboo: 
We had a great January, we had a great month. 
Arpit Shah: 
Can you help me with the inventory of this year full number. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
We have Rs 322 Crores of inventory as at December. 
Arpit Shah: 
The cash flow from operations post the liability number. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
So we have a positive cash flow cash generated from operations as at nine month December 
2022. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
You can connect offline this I am not sure if cash flow from operations I am not sure if that 
is the number that is being shared in public domains. 
Ritesh Agrawal: 
No it is not, it will come only in March. 
Arpit Shah: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Chandak from ICICI Prudential 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rajat Chandak: 
Hi Sir, good evening and congratulations on a great set of numbers. I have two, three 
questions. One, is any comments on the rollout of the new segments which we have entered 
like jewellery where we have tied up with Messika and on the luggage front Rimowa. What 
are the plans there for the current year and maybe next year because we are still on the roll 
out phase that is one. Second I heard Pranav saying that some part of sales were lost for the 
quarter because of China lockdown is there any quantification which could be done and I 
am presuming these are not really lost for the year maybe in Q4 or if not in Q4 next year 
they would come back. So if at all any comments on that and third is in terms of the 
partnerships which we are having with so many new brands and especially exclusive 
partnerships. Just wanted to understand how we go about the curation process because in a 
store now you will have to showcase more number of brands so effectively more SKUs so 
what role us brand plays in that what is to be there at the store there is certain hit model 
which is kind of a thing any comments on those would be helpful so those are the three 
questions. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
On the new products luggage Rimowa, we are now in the process of starting the fit out of 
the store at the Jio Plaza Mall coming up in Mumbai and we expect May, June is when the 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
mall gets launched. Rimowa has plans to expand in India and we are discussing other 
locations and it could be a good expansion however we are very keen to see the result of the 
first store and how it comes up or it is a thing before they go on a rapid expansion. It is part 
of the LVMH group. It is open in the luxury business. People like to take one step at a time. 
Rimowa is coming to India for the first time however we see the store will have excellent 
profitably. The response already before  we opened the store is great, there are a lot of 
people from our customer base calling and asking. So we have no doubt that Rimowa will 
be extremely successful. The jewellery business with Messika, is we opened the corner at 
our store in Mumbai and we are starting to get responses, but frankly on jewellery we still 
are in the phase of understanding the jewellery business, how it works, working out the 
marketing and so on. So in the jewellery business this is an early move for a long-term 
growth perspective and of course we will have nice number especially on the luggage 
business in the next fiscal and I think we will see a nice growth coming on but frankly, in 
the scale of operations where we are I do not think it is going to move the needle much for 
the next two years but going forward I think three, four years from now is when we will 
start to see these new product segments starting to make a difference. Over the next two 
years, I can say that watches and pre-owned watches is going to be the biggest mover. 
However these and as I said these products are our growth engines for the next phase of 
Ethos. Regarding the loss sales due to China lockdown it is on the supply side kind of 
constraints. It is difficult to quantify it, but and frankly once you lose a sale how do you 
really make out whether you are going to get it back or not. Of course, we try to get it back 
and we will certainly try in the next year to get it back so that way China opening up is a 
good thing because the supply chain really works out and even though many of the high-
end brands do not buy too many Chinese products but one product is enough to block it 
right if they do not have packaging boxes you can get blocked. So that has happened in the 
past and now this is starting to ease out so we expect actually on the net, net the availability 
of watches to become better. We hope that some of the business that was lost will be made 
up in this quarter. This quarter is looking good as Pranav just mentioned January was a 
great month so again what sales that get loss, we automatically start working with a brand 
just to how we are going to make it up sometimes. We make it up sometimes, we make it up 
somewhere else. Our main focus always remains on the numbers for the quarter that we are 
projecting any which way we must equal them or improve on them and if it is not with 
brand A we are going to do it with brand B, if it is not in store X we start to do it in store Y 
and so on. So that is a very strong process. Your last question was actually the most 
interesting the curation process it is a very big process that our management team has put 
in, in terms of target segments, price segments, what is the mix of brand that we have, how 
many brands do we need in this profile of store, many of the brands today in the most the 
best known brand which are not exclusive with us they are supply constraint so it is not 
possible to get to meet targets of 20%-25% growth if the supply is constraint so that is one 
consideration which other brands can be add in those price points or in those profiles which 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
can compensate the low growth which is part of the feature of some of these  supply 
constraint brands. So there are lot of these sort of reasoning that go into targeting brands 
and then of course a lot depends in this business a lot depends on relationships the GPHG 
event that we had and you are very kind to also attend that event that is the kind of event 
that does wonders to put Ethos in India on the map. We have the sales in china is 20 times 
India so obviously the brand sort of look at China and they compare India is nothing 
compared to China. So when they see what we are doing at an event like GPHG they realize 
the potential of India and I think that works a lot so with that we are getting brands to get 
interested especially the brands that we want and so the curation process is workedon many, 
many levels what we want, which brand going to come in, the profile of Indian consumer, 
and the HNI consumer all of that goes into making the selection of the brand that we want 
to put in. 
Rajat Chandak: 
I am sure brands would also be involved meaningfully in suggesting bestselling model's 
product offering so these have to be there etc. What roles do brands play? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Yes, of course so the brands very openly share what are the global best sellers, what is the 
core collection, most of the brands now realize that Ethos understands the Indian consumer 
far better than anybody else and themselves so they would like to talk about on what we 
feel, should be the core collections for India compared to their core collection for the global 
markets. Most of the time there is not much difference but sometimes there is the difference 
and then we usually agree on a point that, okay let us try it out if it works in India why not. 
So I think we have a very open and a symbiotic kind of relationship with brands, where it is 
that okay here is the global trend the Indian consumer is very connected to the global trend 
but not identical so that is the conscious about that and also the Indian consumer wants what 
is the most favored for the Indian market that is really the goal. 
Pranav Saboo: 
I just wanted to add here the fact that, this year we will have 20 brands that will create for 
us Ethos specific additions, that aredesigned by Ethos and will be available only at Ethos 
which will be a great. I mean, they will do wonders in sales as well as for our overall 
visibility and that designed completely around what our customers like and the taste and 
preferences of our customers. 
Rajat Chandak: 
Did you say that designed by us and like designed suggestions… 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes, designed by us in fact Louis Moinet has designed a full collection only for us, we are 
in talks with Rado a very leading brand that is not even an exclusive brand they are creating 
a specific time piece which we have designed, Breitling we are in touch with to be able to 
launch a product only for Ethos there are 18 other brands which are exclusive brands where 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
we designed a product with our designer sitting here and they execute and bring the product 
to us. So that is how close we are now with these brands. 
Rajat Chandak: 
Pretty interesting, and any comments on since we are having so many new brand, partners 
what kind of positive rub-off effect is as on other brands available at the stores right so, the 
new brand has come up the customer may look up for that but may end up buying another 
brand. 
Pranav Saboo: 
If you want any of these brands you must come to Ethos and people more and more now go 
onto the website to research all their options and Ethos becomes a normal choice for that. 
We must look at what Ethos has as well while you are buying a watch that is what we want 
to, that is the position that we want to reach so the reason to do that is also that we make 
sure that, we control the market in the specific price points that we operate in, and it 
becomes much more difficult for other people to open multi-brand stores, because the 
brands are only with us and we do not distribute to third party retailers. 
Rajat Chandak: 
So what I, understand is it may also have a positive rub off on other brands right a new 
brand comes up customer looks apart but at the time another brand so maybe another brand 
benefits but can it be measured, not measured or it is not measurable. 
Pranav Saboo: 
No we do not have the measure right away but perhaps, we will circle back to you later on 
that. 
Rajat Chandak: 
And one last question is it possible for you that a particular product or time piece you may 
not have in India with you, as a  physical inventory but you can display it up on your 
website. You are an exclusive partner you can get it arranged if a customer is really keen on  
that. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes, we do that already on our website. So on our website if you see a watch which says on 
special order it means that it will be ordered for you. 
Rajat Chandak: 
Sure okay. That is all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for their closing comments. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Well, so on behalf of all of us from Ethos, on this call let me thank all the analysts and all 
the participants in this call. Thank you very much for joining us and we now end the call. I 
also thanks to Pranav and Ritesh and our partners SGA for being on this call. Thank you 
very much everybody. 

 
  
 
Ethos Limited 
February 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ethos Limited that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
