                              
        
 
 February 13, 2023 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 
February 06, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN
Digitally signed by 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN 
Date: 2023.02.13 20:52:11 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. BHUPENDRA TIWARY - ICCI SECURITIES LTD. 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY NAYAK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER & 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR - TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH GADIYAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER - TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tejas Networks Q3 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupendra Tiwary from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Bhupendra Tiwary: 
Thank you Faizan. Good evening everyone. Thanks for joining in for the call. From the 
management we have Mr. Sanjay Nayak, who is Chief Executing Officer & Managing Director 
of Tejas Networks; Mr. Arnob Roy, who is Chief Operating Officer & Whole Time Director; Mr. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar, who is CFO; and Dr. Kumar N Sivarajan, who is CTO. So without much ado 
I will hand over to Sanjay. Over to you, Sanjay! 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you Bhupendra. Welcome to the Tejas Networks Q3 earnings call. We had uploaded the 
presentation on our website. I hope you had a chance to review it or download it because I would 
be going over that presentation during the next course of the call. So I am on slide 1 which says 
the key updates for Q3 FY2023. On the financial side our net revenues were 275 Crores, which 
you would see that on consistent basis between Q2 and Q1 we have improving. Loss after tax is 
around 11 Crores on a consolidated basis. The accounts for Q3 includes the consolidated 
accounts of Saankhya Labs that we acquired. On a standalone basis we were profitable at around 
5 Crores. Cash and cash equivalents are at 1221 Crores and we again continue to be a no debt 
company and order book at the end of Q3 stands at 1431 Crores, which is quite healthy. In terms 
of highlights of our business, the optical business which has been the one which has lot of 
products that we have been working on for many years. The strong momentum continues. In 
addition to the routine business that we win, we are also L1 in a very large pan India tender for 
building a backbone for our 4G and 5G wining against global MNCs and we believe this will 
have a significant revenue potential during next year. The order we expect to close sometime in 
this quarter and this will possibly be the largest single order for optical networking business for 
the company till date. On the wireless business side, we have been working on a 4G project again 
a PAN India project with a large customer in India. All the technical, commercial and all other 
related issues have been closed with the customer and it is just the process that is going through 
and we again expect the order to come to us in the next few weeks. On the R&D side, in line with 
our significant increase in product portfolio and our aspirations to become a much larger 
business, we do need to continue to invest a lot more in our R&D both in wireline as well as 
wireless products. So we have lot more focus on 4G and 5G and as such we have increased our 
employee strength to 1250 out of which around 800 are in R&D and which compared to one year 
back is a 60% increase in head count on R&D compared to 31st December of the previous year. 
So this just gives you a sense of the significant investment focus we have. Arnob will talk about 
what are all the key initiatives that are in R&D that we are working on. The supply chain and 
manufacturing side which is a very important aspect of our business because we have a lot of 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
orders, but we are supply constrained for fulfilling customer orders due to shortage of certain 
chips. While overall the semiconductor shortage situation is improving, there still are many 
category of chips and there are certain specific components that do have long lead times. We 
discussed in the previous earnings call that we reengineered a supply chain process and instead of 
just relying on contract manufactures, we have now got far more better visibility so we upgraded 
our internal system, processes and tools and of course added more manpower as well, but net 
effect of all of that is we believe that we have far better control on the situation and given that the 
lead times for certain components will continue to be more than 52 weeks even during the current 
calendar year, we do believe that with the inventory action we have taken, with the changes that 
we have made in our systems and processes, we are confident that we will continue to see 
revenue improvement. And most importantly we have lined up a lot more production capacity 
because on the large orders that we are talking of not just in wireless, but also in wireline we do 
believe that there are significant revenue scale up opportunity in the next financial year and we 
have signed three new EMS vendors as our contract manufacturing partners. In addition, we have 
made investments in our internal facility in terms of warehousing, production floor or people so 
that we can execute these large orders that we are expecting on time and within the criteria that 
had been set out. In Q3, we have seen some gross margin pressure. Lot of the deals that we have 
signed were in rupees and were signed six months, 9 months, 12 months or even earlier so a 
combination of chip prices for certain kinds having increased and hit us, second is the exchange 
rate which from the time that we have signed the deal to what we have been supplying right now 
and third as you see in our total numbers the percentage of revenues in India has been higher. 
Our international revenues in this quarter have been lower. So the combination of these three 
things have resulted in growth margins being lower compared to previous quarters. We do 
believe that going forward we will have much large revenue so that the percentage level of gross 
margins may be lower, but the volume advantage that we will get because of economies of scale 
should mitigate that and give us the right amount of profitability that we are looking at despite 
India business going to be a higher percentage of revenues in the next year. So on an overall 
basis between R&D and supply chain, our philosophy is that we are investing in our business 
both from technology angle and processes, systems and manufacturing angles so that we rather 
than focusing on very short term profitability for the quarter or so we would really be focusing on 
long term profitability which should start resulting and be visible starting from next fiscal year 
itself. So that is the kind of view point we have been taking on our business.  
In addition, we also received investment of additional 300 Crores from Panatone Finvest which is 
a subsidiary of Tata Sons against the final subscription of serial B warrant for which in today’s 
board meeting shares have been allotted to them. Post this Panatone would be owning 56.38% of 
the total share holding in the company. Of course, the additional investment will ensure that our 
balance sheet gets stronger and we are able to take the right business calls to grow the business 
for the opportunities that are ahead of us.  
Now I am going into the next slide which is titled corporate update so we talked about last time 
that we had applied for the PLI scheme for design-led PLI where we had upgraded our 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
application from 100 Crores to 750 Crores of investment commitment. This can result into 
maximum eligible PLI incentives of close to 2800 Crores over the next five years of the PLI 
scheme, subject to of course we getting the higher revenues and so on. So far, we will be meeting 
the year one requirements for investment as well as the incremental sales and do expect to get the 
pay outs based on the first year performance itself.  
Next is on the product side, the converged optical products, wireless and optical products that we 
have, won the broadband innovation of the year award at the Mobile Breakthrough Award 
conference in USA last year. We of course are expanding R&D both in Bangalore and other 
locations, but we do believe that IIT Madras has fairly good amount of talent. Chennai has a lot 
of talent and we have set up an R&D facility in IIT Madras Research Park where we can actually 
now hire local talent and augment the team that we have in Bangalore as well as in Gurgaon and 
Mumbai. On the patent side we have increased our portfolio to 443 patents between Tejas and 
Saankhya and later this month we will be showcasing lot of our products at the Mobile World 
Congress in Barcelona both in terms of the new 4G and 5G products as well the optical and 
xPON products that we have.  
Saankhya labs integration is on track. We had acquired 64.4% in July of last calendar year and 
for the balance we filed for the amalgamation through the NCLT process, which is underway. In 
line with synchronizing things much better we have transferred 169 people from Saankhya and 
now they are part of Tejas and are reported in the Tejas financials and this will of course 
strengthen the 5G radio programs in time to market some of the new products in the wireless side 
and the Saankhya team which is the subsidiary at this stage continues to focus on the 5G 
broadcast and satellite communication and fabless chip which we are designing for use in 5G and 
6G products.  
On the Q3 financial update in terms of details, I would ask Gadiyar to walk us through the next 
couple of sides. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Thank you Sanjay. Good evening everyone. You are in slide Q3 FY2023 financial update. As 
Sanjay just mentioned despite of our supply chain challenges we had our quarterly revenue 
consistently grew over the three quarters. The consolidated revenues for Q3 was 274.6 Crores a 
year on year growth of 156.4% and for Q3 the EBIT loss was 21.3 Crores and the PBT loss of 
5.1 Crores and a PAT loss of 10.9 Crores. And similarly for the nine months, the revenues were 
620.3 Crores, on a year on year basis the growth was 46.3%. EBIT loss of 56.3 Crores. PBT loss 
of 7.1 Crores and a PAT loss of 16.4 Crores. It is important to note that on a standalone basis 
Tejas had a revenue of Rs.253 Crores and PAT profit of 5 Crores in Q3 2023 and standalone 
basis for 9 months we have crossed last year’s FY revenue. And typically Q4 revenues will be 
large in nature. In the above revenues, the Saankhya revenue for Q3 was 20.9 Crores and for the 
previous 9 months it was 34.9 Crores and Saankhya EBIT loss of 14.5 Crores and for 9 month 
EBIT loss of 20.1 Crores and the Saankhya PBT loss of 13.5 Crores in Q3 and 18.8 Crores for 
the 9 months.  

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Next slide, we are in Q3 FY2023 key financial indicators. The cash outflow from operations for 
the quarter was 114 Crores. The net worth was 2567. Inventory has increased from 399 Crores to 
494 Crores and that is an increase of 95 Crores during the quarter. It has primarily increased 
because we could not ship the complete or balanced system due to the critical components 
shortages we had and also, we have secured some long lead inventory in anticipation of the 
expected order requiring faster delivery of the products. The trade receivables have moved up 
from 380 Crores to 500 Crores and despite we have collected about 215 Crores during Q3. The 
net working capital has gone up from 639 Crores to 766 Crores, primarily due to the increase in 
inventory and receivables. Finally, the cash equivalent as of 31 December 2022 stood at 1221 
Crores. Post the quarter end, on February 3, 2023, we received an investment of 300 Crores from 
Panatone towards final subscription of series B warrant for which the allotment of shares have 
been taken place today. The strong cash in hand and strong balance sheet will enable us to 
execute large opportunities and scale up our business going forward. With this I will hand over to 
Sanjay now. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I am on the next slide which is the sales breakup on a cumulative basis for the first 9 months. So, 
if you see the chart on the left hand side, it is the total FY2022 revenue breakup between India 
government, India private and international and the chart on the right hand side gives the 
corresponding number for the 9 months period. So, if you see we have done 620 Crores year to 
date. If I look at the run rate business which is India private plus international during the 9 
months contributed to 76% of the total. India government was 24% of 9 months cumulative 
revenues, which constitutes a year on year growth of 139%. India private was 54% of the 9 
month total which is year on year growth of 83% and international was 22% of 9 months which 
is a decline of 24.1%, which is what I had mentioned earlier that we did have a decline on the 
international side. On the backlog that we have, of the total backlog India is 1189 Crores and 
international is 242 Crores. So one of the things we expect that Q4 we should have significantly 
higher international revenues part of it is because to the international customers we are expected 
to ship complete systems in most cases and we cannot ship part inventory so if something was 
missing we had to held back those shipments so we do expect international to improve in Q4. If I 
were to look at the sales outlook going forward, our focus if I would to say over the medium term 
would be to really expand the business volumes and achieve economies of scale at the earliest 
possible. What this really means is that we have to grow the top line much more aggressively and 
the opportunities are clearly visible to us not just for wireless business, but also for wireline 
business and as a result, we do see that given all the growth opportunities in India, the capex push 
in India, the Atmanirbhar agenda and our own positioning in all of that we do see that there is a 
very large revenue opportunity in India in the next four to eight quarters. And we are well 
leveraged to take advantage of that. So once again the market share in India we should get the 
economies of scale. For example on the large order that we have been working on using that as a 
volume we have now been able to derive cost advantages for the rest of the business as well. So 
what is likely to happen going forward is that on a percentage basis while our gross margins may 
look challenged, but at a profitability level, at the EBITDA level or PAT level we expect things 
to continue to expand and achieve closer to the long term business model that we would like to 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
see. So I just want to kind of call that out that while on an absolute basis international will 
continue to grow, the growth of India on a relative basis will be much faster hence the percentage 
of international contribution in our business will be reduced both this fiscal year as you have seen 
as well in the next financial year. One other thing was that in terms of this financial year that 
while we have a backlog of international which will again as I said make sure that the 
international revenues come up in Q4. The challenge for growing many new customers in the 
near term was that we did not have enough inventory coverage to give them deliveries in a short 
term period of time. And if required a very long delivery period, they had less motivation to shift 
from their existing suppliers. So we really kind of focused more on retaining the international 
customers that we have rather than going after too many new customer wins. However, with the 
supply chain situation coming under control both because of internal action as well as macro 
improvements in the overall semiconductor situation, we will be changing that and the growth on 
the wireline business for international exports during the next fiscal year will continue. Wireless 
of course we will continue to focus more on India to begin with and then go international in the 
next calendar year so I am kind of wanted to give a broader view of the sales strategy that we are 
thinking from a business perspective. At this point I will ask Arnob to go over the next two slides 
both in terms of just a recap of the portfolio of the different segments and from an R&D 
investment perspective what are we doing to kind of make our portfolio more competitive and 
catch up on things where we may not already be there. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thanks Sanjay. As you are all aware our conventional business and our product line has been in 
wirelines. We have a very strong end to end portfolio of products from access, aggregation to the 
core which are used for building optical networks for many different applications. However, the 
past few years, through our investment in wireless technologies and our recent acquisition we 
have also acquired fairly comprehensive wireless portfolio 4G, 5G base stations, broadcast radio 
heads and satellite communication products all of which put together give us a fairly large 
additional addressable market to grow our business. Together with all of this I think one of our 
few big differentiators is our end to end network management system which is very unique in 
terms of being able to manage an end to end network across multiple technologies and multiple 
layers. We are in a technology business where technology is consistently evolving and with 
significant R&D investments to make sure that we are upgrading technology products and 
staying competitive. So in the next slide I will kind of give you a flavor of where our R&D 
investments are going in right now. So in the area of wireline products, for the long haul 
equipments the WDM, OTN we are investing a lot in higher capacity long-haul transmission and 
OTN switching where the data traffic capacity over transmission and switching is going up 
significantly year over year. For the fiber to the home for the PON technologies we already have 
a very comprehensive portfolio of 2.5 gig and 10 gig PON. Now we are evolving our portfolio to 
grow to 25 gig and 50 gig PON so that will enhance significant capacities in the access network 
which will enable many more applications than what FTTx serves today. For packet switching 
and transport again we are investing in higher capacities within fabrics. We are addressing metro 
capacity growth and also investing a lot in software protocols for the next generation mobile back 
haul application. For the wireless products we are expanding our range of TDD, FDD radios 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
supporting 4G and 5G in low and mid bands including massive MIMO configurations. We are 
also investing in evolving our broadcast radio head solutions for direct to mobile and data 
distribution as a service applications. And finally we are also upgrading our RAN solutions to 
support the latest 3GPP releases and also achieve ORAN compliance. We are investing in both 
the standards in terms of our RAN product development. I talked about our management 
software as a strength as this being multi layer, multi technology solution and we are investing a 
lot in building intelligence in our management software solutions to be able to manage this 
network more efficiently. One of the areas of investment is our AI based network failure 
prediction engine given the visibility of our network management software across the network, 
across multiple layers we have a unique opportunity of correlating all the events and data which 
can be extracted from the network at all levels and to be able to predict network failures that can 
happen based on the events and alarms that we see today. So we expect this to be a huge benefit 
to operators going forward in terms of maintaining their network proactively. We are also 
evolving our management software to make it more affordable for smaller vendor using cloud 
based, NMS as a service product. We are also investing in management software for making 
radio networks more efficient by developing intelligent radio mapping and control technologies 
for interference reduction and across power savings. With the acquisition of Saankhya, we also 
acquired a lot of semiconductor design capabilities and IPR and the investments going on over 
there is one of the important ones with developing the next generation television broadcast 
standard. ATSC 3.0 based receivers, modulation-demodulation chips and also the development of 
next generation software defined radio processors for 5G, 6G radio devices. So with all this 
investment we are taking over portfolio and our products and technology to the next generation 
and we hope to see significant customer traction in using all the upgrades in our products. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you Arnob. On the last slide just to summarize and we will open for questions. So again if 
you see that we have seen consistent improvement in revenues with better supply chain 
management in terms of internal processes and of course while the external environment will stay 
challenging for some more time, at least on a few chips, we have figured out how we can manage 
the situation better. Our order book is good and the pipeline of new orders both for optical as 
well as 4G is quite significant and substantial so we expect that we will accelerate our quarterly 
revenue growth to quite good levels and next financial year, we expect to achieve serious 
economies of scale in terms of growth of the business. We continue to invest in R&D to improve 
our time to market for our 4G and 5G products. We have scaled up all our manufacturing 
capacity between what we needed to do internally in Tejas and externally with other EMS 
partners and the local vendor ecosystem and we are confident that we can execute any large order 
that we are expecting on time. And the Saankhya integration is progressing well. Cash flow 
position is good and with the additional 300 Crores from Panatone, from a balance sheet angle 
we are in a very good shape. In summary, our focus and our efforts in business is to scale up to 
global levels very quickly and all the proactive investments are in place and I can mention that 
with everything we have accomplished in terms of progress during the quarter, I can confidently 
say that we are on track on achieving our objectives of scaling up the business in a short period 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
of time. So, thank you and maybe this is a good time to open up to questions and we will be 
happy to answer specific questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you. Hi Sanjay good evening. So couple of questions from my end first was one the 
philosophy in terms of operating expenditure. Clearly as you highlighted there were lead time 
impacts on the inventory cost what really is kind of keeping the semiconductor cost still elevated 
or wait time like almost a year given that we are hearing from multiple semi conductor 
companies that they are now running into a oversupply kind of scenario and also in terms of the 
R&D investments which you again indicated, how should we see the impact of that on the 
profitability side. I think it is fair to invest and kind of come up with a good portfolio, but can 
you give a good indication of like how we should kind of look at that from a profitability 
perspective is it something which we kind of weigh on margins for the next one to years or that 
can be absorbed far earlier than that. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So let me answer your first question so in general yes semiconductor supply situation is 
improving. But there are two categories of semiconductors where there are still problems there. 
One is the analog and power system kind of things. There are few specific companies I would not 
tell the names, but whose parts still have a lead time of more than 52 weeks. So that is one area 
where you could have done and they may not cost a lot more but they do influence whether your 
systems gets complete or it remains incomplete till those particular parts come. We do believe 
that as this calendar year progresses those things will also improve. The second category of semi 
conductor chips which are digital chips where there is still a challenge in shortage or is that lot of 
semiconductor capacity of the older nodes which is more than 28 nanometers or 28 nanometers 
and above was shifted for newer semiconductor node technology. However, the demand for those 
things are still there and hence there is backlog of those parts which sometime again block the 
rest of the supply chain as well. So given these two categories of semiconductors we do believe 
that we have to continue to be more proactive and more advanced in terms of planning action. As 
regarding the cost is concerned, yes for semiconductor components like memory chips and others 
there is cooling off both in terms of lead time you can literally buy them in spot as well as in 
terms of costs I think there is a lot more competition and capacity available but for the 
specialized chipset which go into our kind of products, I do not think that tipping point has come 
as yet. As the year progresses, we are seeing improvement signs but given that we have to do 
planning for next fiscal year almost right now, it is prudent for us to take actions on those which 
is what we have taken. So I would say that the supply situation will continue to improve. We 
made progress and we will continue to do far better in Q4 and Q1 and so on and so forth but I 
would still be a little bit cautious in terms of saying that everything is all under control. The 
second question you had in terms of yes we are increasing R&D investments. If we have to 
compete with the best in the world we have to have the best products and this requires 
investments. So when will that investment come into play and when do we see benefits of that to 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
the company and to the investors. I think we will start seeing the benefit of that as early as next 
fiscal year itself. So while if you see one of the good parts of our business and the product 
business in general is that our costs which are R&D costs in primary terms if you saw we have 
800 out of 1250 people are in R&D. They are almost quasi-fixed in nature so as long as we 
continue to increase the revenue significantly that percentage of R&D cost or all our operating 
costs why just R&D, SG&A and everything else will start diminishing quite significantly. On an 
absolute basis it may increase but it will significantly increase the revenues on a relative basis the 
percentage will quite dramatically reduce. So we do expect that next fiscal year itself again on 
the consolidated basis because our revenue base is small, I think the contribution of Saankhya 
once we consolidated the accounts had a negative financial impact, but once the revenue numbers 
scale up, I do believe that the profitability will start showing up. So I would say that next year 
itself we should see a significant improvement in profitability because of the scale of business 
and despite the fact that we are anticipating and planning that the percentage GM will be lower 
than what we have been historically operating at but the absolute number of gross profit will 
more than compensate and give us the economies of scale which I talked about earlier. So short 
answer is whether the R&D investments, the manufacturing investments and all the investments 
which we made during this fiscal year are in-line with the business that we expect to scale up 
starting from Q4 itself in some way and then continuing over the next fiscal and the fiscal after 
and so on. So I think we are prudent about making sure that we are investing in stuff that should 
give us decent returns in the medium term itself. 
Mukul Garg: 
Got it and just one more question the L1 which we are on the optical side it is interesting to see 
us come back very aggressively on optics but is it the same customer like now which given that it 
is an L1 is it fair to assume that let us say public customer and 4G and 5G indicate that right it 
will be the same customer where we are looking at radios? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
For confidentiality reason of course, we cannot name the customer as yet. But all I can say is that 
it was an open bid for all the global competitors to bid into and on the strength of our product and 
everything else I think we are L1. And as I said it is a very, very large deal the largest that we 
ever have ever had in opticals so that again gives us a good cushion in terms of revenues as well 
as profitability going forward. 
Mukul Garg: 
So that basically means that next year the public sector will be a fairly large portion of our 
revenues if you know both the orders kind of go through? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Potentially yes. 
Mukul Garg: 
Got it. Thanks. I will get back into the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir and very heartening to see the improvement in the news despite 
challenging circumstances. Sir my question on your L1 disclosure has been answered? On the 
second question is on our operations and supply chain? I wanted to sort of have your view? It has 
been almost two years since we have been crackling with this issue? In your opinion has this 
issue sort of panned out in line with your estimate let us say whatever you thought let us say at 
the end of last year to where we are currently? How has the situation been? Could it have been a 
bit better than what where we are or we are probably worse off? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So with the wisdom of hindsight since you asked that compared to what we expected it to last 
year versus this year. So I think there are two parts of the supply chain improvement that we are 
finally seeing. One part is as I said the external environment is certainly improving. Certain 
category of semiconductor components the lead times have reduced but there still are certain 
category of components where the lead times have not reduced as much as they should have and 
unfortunately in our business the weakest link dominates so even if there are few parts which are 
not available, it chokes the entire supply chain. So I think in that sense we had anticipated that 
things could be better by now but they are in most cases but there are still some cases where they 
are not there. The second part of the question is, if we knew this one year back we would have 
taken more aggressive procurement action for those parts and said let us secure not for 52 weeks 
but for 80 weeks because that is what it takes. So it was always a balance between how much of 
inventory risk you take in terms of ordering 12 months in advance, 15 months in advance when 
you do not have a direct visibility into the business. So I think that balance of judgment of course 
if I were to say with the wisdom of hindsight I would say that yes some parts did not come back 
in time as much as we expect. But there is a second aspect which I think I had articulated in a 
little bit more detail in the last earnings call that we were working in a turnkey model with the 
EMS companies. And we figured out that if the EMS company saw that the lead time for certain 
components is 52 weeks ahead many other components they would not order because that is how 
their tools and systems work. Hence many other parts which would have say 30 weeks or 20 
weeks lead time they would not order till the component with the 52 week lead time has 
visibility. Whereas with our efforts we were able to pull the component from 52 weeks down to 
say 40 weeks but then the other material was not available so what we have done and which is 
what I mentioned that we have reengineered supply chain. Now we have entire visibility through 
our MRP system and our planning system into the EMS systems so that we can see the end-to-
end problem and actually solve it up front which is why we have been able to see some 
improvement in last quarter in Q2 and a little bit better improvement in Q3 and hopefully a lot 
more improvement in Q4. So essentially as a company, we were told to completely rely on EMS 
companies to do all the supply chain management which we felt that in the turbulent times that 
we have been living in the past two years they have not been able to respond as effectively. And 
it is not just a problem for us but anybody who did not look at the end-to-end supply chain ran 
into this problem. So again with the wisdom of hindsight if we would have figured this out a year 
and a half back we would have been in far better shape. We figured out that we needed to do 
things differently about six months back and in the last six months I am happy to say that we 
have a good handle on the problem so going forward we do believe that we have far better 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
visibility into every single component, where the problems are, where the weak areas are and we 
are finding a way to manage it. So net, net I would say we could have anticipated better but 
where we are today I think we now know what needs to get done and again, one last part I did not 
precisely say that is for executing the large orders going forward, we would be using a model 
where we will use a lot more EMS but the component procurement will be done by us. And we 
would be giving them a conversion on a job work basis versus on a turnkey basis that we have 
been doing historically. And of course to do that we have sewed up with the suppliers adequate 
payment terms so that it does not at all come back and challenge us in terms of a working capital 
flow. So those are all the changes in supply chain which I think has been done. We are kind of 
also were in a unique situation because in the electronics industry if you are a very large 
company, you got the right kind of attention from the suppliers and you were able to manage 
things a little bit better. If you are a very small company, your needs were too little so it could 
have been managed from pocket change but for midsize companies like us, we are kind of not 
getting the right amount of attention. The EMS guys did not do the right things in terms of 
processes and systems and we came back with a revenue shortfall, because revenue shortfall also 
had an impact. Because we could have won a lot more business if we had cleared backlog of 
orders. So when I say with confidence that our wireline business is quite healthy, I mean actually 
I can see that a lot of run rate customers could have given us a lot more orders. We could have 
won international deals and said okay if you supply in time, I will win that deal but we were 
handicapped on those and I feel that having solved the supply chain issues in a reasonably 
holistic way by now, we feel confident that going forward we should see less surprises on this 
account. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Thank you Sir. That was very detailed.  I have a two part questions on your financials? Firstly on 
your gross margins, we have historically comfortably operated at 40% to 45%? We are way 
below that at this point in time so your comment about your gross margins remaining in pressure 
and I hope that is not very structural in nature that is point number one. And the second point is 
on our balance sheet, so if I were to look at our cash and cash equivalents in Q4 we were at about 
Rs.1100 Crores. Since then we have received roughly Rs.1000 Crores of capital from our parent 
and despite that our cash accretion if you look at our net cash where we are since March, it is just 
about higher by about Rs.100 Crores and our working capital has gone up by roughly Rs.300 
Crores so if you can just help us understand the math over there? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Okay so let me answer the gross margins question first. So for the wireline business I do expect 
our gross margins to come back to normal levels starting from next fiscal year because just the 
way things are happening I feel that the dip that we had in this quarter or in the near term would 
be offset by all the other actions that we have in place. So the wireline gross margins or the 
optical gross margins should be close to our historical numbers during the next fiscal year. The 
wireless which is the new business that we are entering and especially if you are going to start off 
with one large order naturally we will not be in the same gross margin level that we will achieve 
in the wireline business so as a percentage the gross margin will be lower but that would be more 
than offset by the volume of the business. So on a volume basis at a gross profit level on an 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
absolute basis we feel comfortable that we will have enough gross profit to sustain all the 
investments and also deliver profits at the end of the picture. So that is kind of the view I would 
see that our wireline business will be back to normal levels, wireless business will be new. Now 
coming back to the working capital thing and Venkatesh can add to that as well. Basically in the 
near term what has happened is our focus because of the imbalance in inventory situation, our 
inventory levels if you really see over the last nine months have gone up. Part of it is what I 
already described in the context of supply chain. So once the inventory starts becoming smooth 
and we are able to get that going, we should be able to get at least the working capital on a 
normalized basis come to normal levels. Again, then what is going to happen is if our business 
volumes increase quite significantly which is what we are expecting, we have to make sure that 
the payable and receivable gap assuming their inventory happens on a smooth flow the payable 
and receivable is managed. We have done all the advanced working of all of that and we feel 
confident and comfortable that there will be no working capital stress on the system and the 
balance sheet that we have as-is should be quite adequate to increase our revenues to quite 
significant levels as we are anticipating. Venkatesh you want to add anything or is any part of 
your question did not get answered Venkatesh can. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Yes sir I just wanted to understand what has happened in the last LTM? On a LTM basis if you 
can just help me understand the cash accretion because if I were to look at your cash as on Q4 it 
was about Rs.1100 Crores? Right now it is Rs.1200 Crores after your capital infusion of roughly 
Rs.1000 Crores in the middle of these four quarters, so your working capital has increased by 
roughly Rs.300 Crores? There is hardly any capex? 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
Okay so I think two things. We invested in Saankhya so there was a cash out flow that is around 
Rs.284 Crores. That was in Q2 of this fiscal year and as Sanjay was mentioning the net working 
capital increase was primarily due to the inventory which we had piled up in the last several 
quarters just to secure the long lead of inventory in anticipation of expected orders and the 
imbalance inventory in the system. Also, the cash position of 1,221 Crores is as on Dec 31, 2022 
and does not include the latest infusion of 300 Crores from Panatone in Feb 2023. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood Sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sangameswar Iyer from Consilium Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Good to see two consecutive quarters at 200 plus in revenue. My question here is to understand 
the Saankhya bit here in terms of operations? Is this Rs.40 odd Crores is that the fixed cost out 
there? When I look at the standalone business and the consol business there is about Rs.20 Crores 
revenue? We are doing Rs.15 Crores EBIT loss so is this something that is fixed and which on 
scalability will be covered up or is there any one time that is involved a onetime cost that is also 
involved here which we need to take into consideration? 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes actually good you asked that question Sangameswar so in October actually there is a onetime 
I would not say onetime but once we as a part of the Saankhya acquisition we had to issue RSU 
to Saankhya’s employees right as part of the transaction deal so the noncash charge of RSU 
between Saankhya and Tejas, what is the Q3 RSU charge. 
Venkatesh Gadiyar: 
For the Saankhya it was around Rs.15 Crores. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So Rs.15 Crores of the expense that is shown on Saankhya’s expense for this quarter is on 
account of noncash charge of RSU that has been issued to them. From a cost structuring 
perspective the significant costs of the Saankhya team which is 169 people we have already 
transferred them to Tejas so if you see the corresponding cost of Tejas on absolute basis when 
you look at our R&D cost and others have increased. So we expect the Saankhya from an overall 
angle in another three or four quarters it should be over but the way to think of the Saankhya 
business is as follows. They have an existing business which is on broadcast and some of the 
other selling of their chips which is currently the main revenue source, we need to find ways to 
increase that. The prospective investment that they were making on 5G is what is now a part of 
the Tejas ecosystem and one thing I did not mention sorry but I should mention now is that part 
of the 4G deal that we are working on in the same order there will also be an additional portion 
for upgrade to 5G so in a sense it will be a deal that would be for 4G and 5G and hence it is 
important for us to accelerate those programs and also release 5G and then we talk of the closure 
of technical and commercial that is on account of both 4G and 5G. So I think we are investing on 
the 5G side using the Saankhya team in Tejas along with what we are doing so that the total 
product focus in the time to market is improved. So coming back standalone Saankhya which you 
are seeing the finance will continue to increase revenues from the broadcast and the chip side and 
everything else has come into Tejas for now.  
Sangameswar Iyer: 
So excluding the RSU which is like one time, it will not be there every quarter right so when you 
look at that Saankhya at Rs.20 Crores revenue run rate is breaking even at the EBIT level? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes ball park Saankhya was breaking even that is what the objective is because the standalone 
Saankhya entity we wanted to be at least at a breakeven level so that they can continue that 
business. And all the larger investments which are getting made will be there. So RSU in that 
sense is I would not say exactly one time but of course when you assign it, in year 1 the numbers 
are higher and going forward of course it would reduce as per the charge because it is a non-cash 
transaction. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Correct so at the end of Q2 during September quarter we did mention that 40% of the then order 
backlog which was around Rs.1400 Crores would get executed by this yearend right which 
wherein we are halfway through with Rs.275 Crores in Q3 revenue on the standalone so how is 
the traction going ahead and in terms of the availability of your key components, etc., do we see 
that what we saw or what we guided for at the end of Q2 should stand good set in terms of 
overall execution or is there any hiccup or any headwinds there A and B because of the inventory 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
of close to Rs.100 Crores that has got added in this quarter because of finished products not 
shipped in time, etc., was it finished products or was there waiting for some components to be 
received before it will be finished I mean just trying to understand the cost component or gross 
margin dynamics in Q4 and going forward? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So first question yes we are on track. Q4 typically has been a good quarter for us and we expect 
to see the same. Especially now with the supply chain situation under more control than it was in 
the past so we should be seeing a continual improvement in Q4 revenues compared to Q3. So 
compared to what we had guided at the end of Q2 that from the backlog we will be able to ship, I 
think that looks fine. And in terms of the inventory buildup that you talked about Rs.100 Crores 
there are two elements so when we say imbalanced inventory it is in two forms so think of some 
of products in real life so suppose a system has 10 different kinds of cards. We may have built 
nine cards and everything else is ready. On the tenth card there is one chip which has not come or 
we had demand for thousand and we only got 500. But we cannot wait for all the others to be not 
manufactured because then you would be waiting so when we talk of imbalance inventory it is of 
how the quasi finished goods which is at the PCB assembled level which is there so that is part 
one. The second part is for the anticipated order we do expect that we will get some pressure 
potentially to supply in this quarter itself some of the wireless stuff at least for a minimum 
number of sites so we have also procured the chips and the others and of course trying to avoid 
procuring all the material but at least the long lead one has been procured so that in case we are 
required to supply at least some in initial quantities or test quantities in this quarter we should be 
ready to do that. And should have to start from zero because the success of the project and 
success of our execution is on being able to do things very fast. So those are the two 
combinations why the inventory went up in this quarter. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Got it and finally if I may in terms of your international business we used to have a very strong 
international business earlier when domestic private was not doing that well but now with order 
book swelling predominantly on the domestic side be it private or the government we are seeing 
that there is a stagnation on the international front? Is there any strategy that you are looking at 
any way to kick start or take it to the next level so that the growth is uniform or at least there is a 
good backup growth coming from the international also because the order book is not swelling 
that much there as compared to the domestic front? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
A good observation Sangam. So there are two things we are doing for the wireline business 
which is let us call where we have mature products which are proven and all that we were supply 
constrained even for the orders in hand. So winning new international customers and giving them 
a very long lead delivery commitment would not have served our cause well at all. In fact we are 
even for the existing customers run rate customers internationally as I mentioned earlier if we 
fulfill the order we get a lot more orders. So I think what we believe is that by fixing the 
challenges around supply chain we think we are in a much better position to go back and get 
more orders from existing customers internationally for our wireline products and also target new 
customers. So that effort in terms of business development effort is on, but I think pushing it to a 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
business closure. So we do expect that on an absolute basis international orders and revenues 
next fiscal year will be better than this year, but that would primarily be on account of the 
wireline products. Now the wireless products as I said even in the earlier call that our first 
priority is that a couple of large anchor deals in India, which is where we will supply the 
products, get all our processes, systems, product maturity, scale everything established and in the 
second half of this calendar year we will start testing our wireless products in the labs of various 
operators around the world with whom we are in constant touch. So we believe that later part of 
this calendar year we would get qualified. We would be I will not say selected or secure orders 
but at least be in the fray to secure orders so that as things settle with respect to our execution 
capabilities and all the product capabilities that are supposed to be in place, we can actually start 
closing international deals and actually start supplying. Because once we win then you have to 
supply and execute. So I would say wireline business will grow next year and all the action is in 
place for example revamping different territories, adding things there and so on. Wireless will be 
still domestic focus at least for this calendar year in terms of business revenues. Business 
development yes but revenues will still be so if I blend the two together international as a 
percentage of total will be lower next year compared to before. If you remember at some stage 
we were at 40% international and 60% India but that number will be less. And plus I would say 
that among other economies at least India is still in a very strong capex mode and it is a home 
market for us and all the experiences of anybody who has scaled up a telecom OEM company to 
global levels one of the recipes for success has been dominance in the home market. So given 
that our home market is scaling up quite well with 4G, 5G and FTTX investments we are right 
there. We are getting stuff done. We believe that we want to continue to not miss out on the India 
opportunity to begin with while keeping our eyes internationally which may have other 
challenges in terms of which economies are spending or not spending and so on. So that is the 
way I would calibrate ourselves but if I were to say calendar 2024 onward we should start 
ramping up international business quite significantly again. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Got it and what percentage of your order backlog would get executed over the next 12 months? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think around 70% is what I think should get executed. 70% to 75% depending on what it is. 
And if I were to take Q4 of this year and next fiscal year around 70% would be the number. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Got it great. Thanks a lot Sanjay and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sugandhi Sud from Incred Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
So thanks for taking my question. I wanted to understand your outlook on profitability? You have 
mentioned and in absolute terms the volume of business would make up for the additional 
investments? Just to get clarity how much of that profit contribution, are we making in some 
benefit from the PLI incentives and from other income or are we completely talking on core 
operational level this breakeven of incremental investments whether it is in R&D business 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
development and the delta that we are going to get at the gross margin level from the business 
mix changing so if I were to set aside the nonoperational income would there still be a delta the 
additional investments be made up by the additional gross profit that we make? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Absolutely in fact the way we are running our business is to make sure that the core business is 
independent of the PLI incentives or anything else should be healthy. It should generate our 
steady state business model profits which we have achieved in the past and PLI and other 
incentives should be on top of it, although they can be quite substantial and meaningful but the 
investment philosophy is that our core business should be healthy, it should grow, it should show 
the right kind of PAT percentage and EBITDA percentage and the PLI incentive will only be 
adding on top of it so yes I would say that is the way we view our business. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
So is it possible to give a kind of range of EBIT margin that you are targeting you would be 
calibrating your investments to and I know that it has to be front loaded at least on the 
commercial side you would have some criteria of how far you are willing to negotiate with a 
certain margin percentage and like you kind of given us some kind of indication on historical 
basis? Is that sort of the range that you are hoping to fall within? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes I think historically I think a couple of years back I think we were at a EBITDA level of 
around 15% if I am not mistaken Venkatesh can correct me and I am not saying that we will 
achieve it next year itself but with the investments that we are making I think in the medium 
term, which is between next year and the following, I think we should be able to reach our 
EBITDA levels at that level. By the way this is on the core business and if the PLI incentives get 
added in hopefully we should reach it sooner than otherwise so that is the way to think about it. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
Sure and also you mentioned that with your wireless customers there is an element of 5G also 
involved there so is it something that is in discussion phase with the customer and is it going to 
be a non-standalone network? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No so it is more in the discussion stage so as a part of the bid we had also added or they had 
requested us to add for certain percentage of the sites where their equipment can be upgraded to 
give 5G services on the same bands for which they have currently got the spectrum so that is 
where we have closed the conversations with them. So I think it will be a part of the potential roll 
out order that they will give at different points in time during the year sure. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
Then could you give us an idea of the pace of investment? You have mentioned that as early as 
next quarter you will have to make the inventory available for the wireless shipment so could you 
give us an idea of the pace of this contract whether it is… 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The customer wants a deployment ASAP but if I look at what is required in the tender within 21 
months from the date of the order, we should have completed these supplies. They want us to do 
it faster hopefully. We are also I mean technically geared up to do at a faster pace but it is a 
function of how the rollouts happen and all that so I would say primarily between next fiscal year 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
and the year after those two fiscal years we should be able to execute all the orders including the 
5G upgrade which will start at a later part of this calendar year or early next year. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
Sure and I just noticed that your order information that you provide there, there is a slight dip in 
the domestic order book? Is that a drop from the Q2 number that you had reported and you had 
mentioned some government orders that you have received which are wireline in nature so has 
there been many change there? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
So I think if I look at, I am assuming you are alluding to the backlog that we have at the end of 
Q3 India part. That just could be that we have shipped more of the India customers and less of 
the international customers during Q3. And by the way in terms of the order book when I 
mentioned that we are L1 in another wireline tender we do not yet count that into our order book 
because till we get the purchase order in our hand it is still a prospect and not a firm order in that 
sense. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
Thank you. That is very helpful and finally on international order book is it largely driven by 
Tejas’s legacy business or it is Saankhya material portion of that? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
No it is mostly Tejas’s historical business. There is some element of Saankhya order book which 
I think which we also mentioned but significant part of this is the Tejas business. 
Sugandhi Sud: 
Sure thank you. That is very helpful. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
I think we are almost out of time or have actually overrun on time so we may take one last 
question maybe. 
Moderator: 
Yes Sir. The next question is from the line of Naveen Bothra from Subh Labh Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Congratulations for continuous improvements in our operating performance and the investments 
we are making in the 5G side to increase 5G as well as EMS side to increase our capacity for the 
upcoming orders? My question is to Mr. Arnob, he talked about the management software 
solutions and as well as the DaaS and MaaS on cloud-based platforms so my question will be if 
you can throw more light on these service expected service revenue how do you see it panning 
out in the coming quarters this service side of business software? 
Arnob Roy: 
Well we cannot quantify in terms of absolute numbers for the service. We have a lot of interest 
from a lot of operators. The smaller ICPs are looking at a solution like this and are ready to 
engage so we are working out a commercial model with them in terms of how the subscription 
would be paid for. So I do not have any absolute numbers right now so we are working with the 
business model. For the DaaS the data distribution as a service that is again in early stages of 
customer engagement into how to take this forward because this will be targeted towards some 
specific application segments where data distribution over wireless using broadcast technology 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
will be very relevant. There are a few sectors that we are engaging in with these partners who 
have the infrastructure, who have the spectrum etc., so that too is still at an early stage but the 
market opportunity looks quite big over there, especially in terms of international business, but 
we are not yet in a position to quantify those numbers. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Yes I mean the flavor of the kind of technology that we are working on which Arnob had 
articulated was also to give a sense because from an investor perspective two questions get asked 
to us many times. One is are we investing enough and second thing is what are you actually 
investing into so we just wanted to give a feeling of both of those areas that these are the 
technology areas we are investing. We are continuing to increase our investments. I think we will 
have to do a lot more investments as we go forward but I think with the scale business that we are 
thinking of right now of achieving we should be able to absorb those R&D investments in a 
meaningful way like one of the persons who had asked the earlier question so that is really the 
way we are seeing things. 
Naveen Bothra: 
So apart from the hardware revenue we do see a service revenue scaling up in the future that is 
quite nice Sir and a question to Mr. Sanjay regarding the PLI incentive and the size of 
opportunity we are seeing in this space for the coming four to five years as we have got the 
approval for Rs.750 Crores the highest approval almost 25% of the scheme incentive we have got 
the approval for so if you can throw some more light the calculations will be as per the earlier 
concalls or some difference will also be there? 
Sanjay Nayak: 
With the design-led PLI as I had mentioned in the earlier concall we get 1% extra incentive 
compared to the other PLI so this is the only PLI scheme of the Government of India where there 
is a design-led incentive and they give 1% extra for design in India products which we qualify so 
your observations are absolutely right Mr. Naveen, that the Rs.750 Crores we have that is subject 
to. So on the investment part, now that our R&D investments or the manpower investment is also 
counted as a capital investment, we are confident that the investment commitment of Rs.750 
Crores will be met without breaking the discipline or the financial model of the company. The 
second aspect in terms of the incentives that can accrue I think the calculation we had done could 
come to something like Rs.2800 Crores of incentives over the five year scheme period for us so if 
we are able to scale up our revenues we do see that as an opportunity to secure those incentives. 
And as I mentioned in one of the earlier questions we are still designing our base business such 
that the investments and the returns should be good on their own merit and the PLI incentives 
will top up those and help us have a bigger envelope of profitability as well as for making more 
investments to accelerate the growth so yes all the calculations and all the assumptions about the 
design-led PLI we had articulated earlier are still intact and we do expect that the year one we 
will meet the thresholds and at least be eligible to claim some incentives based on incremental 
revenues and investment made. 
Naveen Bothra: 
So first year will be this financial year only? 

 
 
 
 
    Tejas Networks Limited 
February 06, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Sanjay Nayak: 
The first year will be this financial year, yes right. 
Naveen Bothra: 
Okay thank you very much. Thank you and all the very best and we look forward to seeing the 
BSNL order very soon in the coming two or three weeks because it is getting quite late. Thank 
you Sir. Thank you very much. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you again and I guess I will hand it over to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Nayak: 
Thank you everybody. I guess we had a very insightful set of questions. We tried our best to give 
you as much insight as we could. All I can say is that from a business angle we feel quite positive 
that all the efforts that we have been making over the last several years and more recently in the 
last few quarters to upgrade our technology, to upgrade our processes, systems, manpower and 
lining up to build a good fast-growing profitable business, I think we have made a good amount 
of progress. The supply chain situation which was constraining us is also coming under control. I 
would not say it is 100% under control but it is progressing in the right direction so I would say 
we are quite positive and confident about the potential of the company and look forward to a 
solid execution going forward so that we can realize all the opportunities for which we have been 
lining up things. So thank you once again and thanks for your patience and commitment to Tejas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
