 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                            January 27, 2023 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra – (East). 
Mumbai - 400051                                                                                     Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
BSE Limited 
 
               
            
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
            
Dalal Street,  
 
                                        
Mumbai - 400023 
Scrip Code: 532926 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, Transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Wednesday, January 25, 2023, for analyst/ investors to discuss the Un-audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022 and the way forward, is enclosed. 
 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and display the same on website of the Stock Exchange. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
SHREYAS 
PARAG TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG TRIVEDI 
Date: 2023.01.27 18:05:24 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, JYOTHY 
LABS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – CFO, JYOTHY LABS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON - ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jyothy Labs Q3 FY23 Results Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi everyone. This is Manoj Menon representing ICICI Securities. It is a wonderful good 
morning, good afternoon, good evening to you depending on the part of the world you are joining 
this call from. At I-Sec, it is our absolute pleasure to host the 3Q FY23 Results Conference Call 
of Jyothy Labs. The company is represented by Ms. M. R. Jyothy - Managing Director and Mr. 
Sanjay Agarwal - the CFO. 
After the initial opening remarks and the presentation by the management team, we will open 
up the floor for Q&A. Thank you. Over to Sanjay. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you Manoj and very good afternoon to all of you.  we welcome you to the conference call 
of Jyothy Labs. We will be discussing our performance for the quarter ended December 31st, 
2022 with all of you and as Manoj said we will follow it with the Q&A after the opening remarks.  
 
So, friends, overall, a decent quarter, we have been continuously focusing on execution and as 
you may have already seen our results, we have reported a healthy revenue growth of 13.7% and 
EBITDA grew by 37.9. On a two-year as well as on a three-year CAGR basis, our revenues have 
grown by 13.3 and 13.4 respectively, so a good double-digit growth for the last few quarters. 
If you look at the volume growth for the quarter was 2.1%. Each of our categories have grown 
by double digit except HI. If we analyze our business ex-HI our value growth is 16.7% and a 
volume growth of 3.9%, so overall decent set of numbers. On the business front, we continue to 
see the headwinds of input price inflation and therefore in this environment our focus remains 
to focus on topline growth with balancing the margins. Lower unit packs continue to gain 
acceptance and are selling strongly in the rural markets. We continue to focus on the potential 
of rural India and accelerate our overall growth through distribution drives, category penetration 
strategy, digitization and premiumization. Both urban and rural continues to do well. The rural 
demand has been impacted more due to inflation issues and hence more cautious however, given 
the strong potential, we continue to focus on the rural franchise and the numbers have been 
encouraging. 
With regards to the specific commentary on channel performances, there is stable growth across 
all channels now and that has also been led by our expanded distribution platform. Our constant 
endeavor is to fulfill the consumer needs and consistently gain market share across brand 
categories, which is helping us in building scale and growth for the future. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Regarding our different business categories, the demand for detergent, dish wash and personal 
care category is stable. For HI in which Q3 is one of the smallest quarters, sales got impacted 
due to seasonal trends in our core markets of North and East of India and industry issues of 
illegal incense sticks. On the margin front, there has been a sequential improvement in margins. 
Few of the raw material prices have softened, but some of the key inputs like you have labsa and 
soda ash, the prices have still remained high and which is keeping pressure on margins, however, 
as we see the EBITDA margin for us for this quarter is 13.8, there is a sequential improvement 
by 160 bps as at September quarter, we were at 12.2% and also last year same time, our EBITDA 
margin was 11.3%, so there is an improvement of 250 bps, so overall positive trend.  
On break-up of the other income side, it includes Rs. 9.5 crores pertaining to sale of land during 
this quarter. 
We move onto the key category performances. Our fabric care is doing well with 26% growth 
this quarter. Our lead brands, Ujala and Henko have been doing good growth. As you know, 
both in Ujala and Henko, we forayed into liquid detergents. That is doing well and our 
geographic extension of Ujala Crisp and Shine is also doing well. Similarly, on the mid-price 
detergent brands, Mr. White and More Light, they have witnessed good demand and like the 
earlier quarters, the momentum continues there, so overall good performance in the fabric care. 
Similarly, in the dish wash category, both Exo and Pril continue to do well. We see good demand 
for both large packs in urban consumers and smaller packs in rural India, hence offering superior 
value to the consumers. So, both doing well and we continue to invest in both the brands of Exo 
and Pril which has accelerated the growth on a pan India basis. This quarter, on Exo bar, our pan 
India market share has reached at 14%, so that is very encouraging. 
On the HI segment, the coil category itself degrew by 12% and for us as I said earlier Q3 is a 
smaller quarter and we have been holding our market shares well, so we remained positive on 
this category and we are hopeful that in the next year onwards, things are more positive for this 
category. 
Finally, on personal care, which is primarily our Neem based Margo franchise, that has also 
delivered a double-digit growth, so that is doing well. So, in summary, we will continue to focus 
on volume led growth, what we have been focusing in the past and drive towards gaining market 
share for all our brands. 
Going forward, with the union budget around the corner, we are optimist that it will offer more 
avenues for consumption to increase and we believe that volume will gradually grow from here 
on and sequentially we should see improvement in margins.  We will continue to focus on our 
journey to deliver revenue double digit growth. So, with this, I finish my opening remarks. We 
are happy to answer any questions or clarifications you may have. Thank you. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my first question is with regards to the fabric care segment, that has continued to grow well 
about 20% over the past 2 to 3 quarters, so if you could help us break this between what could 
be kind of volume growth that you are seeing and what could be the pricing growth here.  how 
do you see the growth being driven in this segment? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Gaurav, thank you for your question. Broadly, fabric care we have seen double-digit volume 
growth and the balance is on the price.  in fabric care we have multiple brands and having brands 
at different price point, so overall we see good traction for us and from numbers perspective 
definitely should have double digit growth in fabric care in the next few quarters as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, my next question is with regards to the depreciation expense, so if we see on the standalone 
basis, the depreciation expense has actually halved even on a 9-month basis and even on the 
quarter as well and even we are seeing some decline on the console basis also, so if you can help 
us out how we can build in this depreciation expenses going ahead, any guidance on this will be 
helpful? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Gaurav, if you look at the console, the depreciation and amortization expense broadly remains 
the same or in line with the business. On a standalone basis, in previous years, we used to have 
a trade mark expense which got amortized which did not have any impact on the consolidated 
numbers. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Also sir, basically the run rate that we are seeing, basically could we see the similar trends in the 
quarter going ahead as well? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, on the consolidated basis that is right and even in the quarter what we have for the 
standalone in December quarter will be the same trend going forward as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, just last final question from my end, on the raw material side, while you highlighted 
that the naphtha and soda as both of them continue to remain inflationary but most of the other 
RMs have seen significant decline on a YTD basis and this is also seen on your Q-o-Q margin 
improvement as well, so going ahead do you still believe there is further scope of margin 
expansion given that the raw material prices remains where we are today? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
We expect margin expansion assuming that the raw material prices remain where they are today 
and the softening continues, yes, definitely there should be sequential improvement in the 
margins, but we cannot quantify at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Naysar Parikh: 
Can you please give us a split between your channels especially GT, MT and what has been the 
growth this quarter in both of them? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, both the categories have been doing well, general trade and modern trade. We had challenges 
during COVID time in MT, but as we speak both of them are doing well. 
Naysar Parikh: 
What could be the split? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, broadly we have around 80% of our business is general trade and the balance is institutional 
business which is modern trade, e-commerce, CSD and others. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And my second question is on the personal care portfolio and strategically, are we looking at 
enhancing it or any adding more brands to it or increasing it because as of now obviously it is a 
small portion of our portfolio where it is a big proportion in the market in terms of share, so what 
is our thoughts in strategy on the personal care portfolio? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
we will be growing the personal care portfolio. As of now, we have few plans for the future. 
Right now, we will not be able to comment on that, but yes, plans are there and we will be 
growing each of that segments which we have. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And just one last question is on the fabric care margins, can you just comment on the price 
increase, what was the price level, any price increase in this quarter and anything that we will 
see in future and how would that flow into margin space? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
For this quarter, we haven't taken any meaningful price increase across the brands and going 
forward lot will depend on how the competitive intensity is there and how the raw material prices 
are there and then accordingly we will have to take the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Aviral Jain from Singuler Guff. Please go ahead. 
Aviral Jain: 
Could you comment on the market share or how is the performance on premium detergent side, 
especially Henko, are you growing ahead of category on both volume and pricing terms, that is 
one and the second is, Ujala IDD, again there were plans to take it outside Kerala more into 
Tamil Nadu and West Bengal, so how is that panning out? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, so we have been doing really well on Henko and both Ujala IDD. Ujala IDD right now is 
in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal. West Bengal that way is at very nascent stage while 
we have increased our market shares in Ujala IDD in Kerala while Henko as a premium listing, 
we have seen volume and value growths as well. We have also launched liquid detergents under 
both these brands and initial feedback has been very good and has been doing well. 
Aviral Jain: 
If I ask differently, is it growing ahead of your overall category growth or that is an unfair 
question to ask right now? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, liquids are because we have launched it since last 1 to 1.5 years, so if you see comparatively 
the market is also growing, the category is growing and we are also growing along with that and 
powders, while both the powders, yes, compared to category internally, yes, we are growing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajjan Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sajjan Jain: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers, my question is largely on distribution, basically if you 
can give more qualitative color on how last couple of years it has held you especially in 
distribution and second, how you see distribution footprint accelerating going forward in next 
couple of years from here on? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
As you know, we have touched around a million retail outlets on a direct basis and our Ujala 
fabric whitener is available in 3 million outlets, so we have a decent distribution footprint across 
India. Now, there are ways and means in which you will do your expansion of distribution in a 
more cost effective basis because you are anyway there across India with fairly good footprint. 
So, our focus is more on improving or increasing the productivity of the distribution what we 
currently have and obviously using technology and other means to get there. So, that is what our 
philosophy has been and drive to increase more outlets and making more productive beats and 
increasing the productivity  
Sajjan Jain: 
So, productivity would also mean that you may be more aggressive in new launches? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
It means selling, if one particular sales guy is selling say two lines or three lines, it is basically 
increasing more SKUs and more, the same retail outlet will have more of our SKUs. We have 
lot of brands, so scope of growth in every SKU that way, so if your average is around 3, the 
intent is to go to 4 or 5 like that. It depends on each geography. 
Sajjan Jain: 
And what kind of direct reach you want to take it to say next couple of years, distribution reach 
from 1 million to what is the aspiration? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, Sajjan, obviously there are internal ambitions and as I said 1 million today is sufficient for 
the existing turnover what we are doing.  we don’t want to put a number on target for distribution 
reach. We want to make it more cost effective and increasing the productivity from the existing 
network. 
Sajjan Jain: 
So, that would also mean Sanjay may be double digit growth, maybe we can assume a structural 
growth of double digit looking at the kind of work you have done on distribution and 
productivity, so what kind of growth you guys are building in? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sajjan, we definitely will target to have a double digit growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Incred. Please go ahead. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Harsh Shah: 
Within the fabric care segment, what would be the contribution on let us say salience of mid 
price brands like Mr. White and More Light now compared to pre-COVID level? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
We don’t want to say pre-COVID level, but both of them have been growing well. So, both More 
Light and Mr. White were there as part of our portfolio earlier also and as we speak now, yes 
they are growing on a lower base at a faster growth, so higher double digit is what we are seeing 
both in More Light and Mr. White. 
Harsh Shah: 
And are we focusing these brands in any particular markets or particular geography? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, it is more on the pan India distributed brands. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Last time you had given the numbers, I think North and West was around 30% of revenues which 
for the industry would be upwards of 50, so I just wanted to understand what is the growth for 
the North and West region, is it higher for the company overall, is that doing better and secondly, 
what are we doing to kind of bulk of distribution there, so that we can go faster where we are 
underrepresented? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
We have seen a good growth across India, whether it is South or North or West. There are certain 
pockets of strength what we have in South, in some brands and in some brands we are strong in 
North and West as well, so it will depend on the strategy for that particular brand and as you 
know we have four categories and within that also multiple brands in which we are operating, 
so it depends on each year to year where the focus of the marketing and the management team 
have. So, both North and West, yes, it gives us lot more opportunity for us and as time passes 
by our distribution become much stronger across India and these markets as well. We will see a 
growth across India, so it is nothing specific that we will only focus on North and West. We 
have some pockets of strength in the East, some are very strong brands in South and rather than 
losing them we will rather capitalize on our strength there as well. 
Naysar Parikh: 
But just on the distribution side, because obviously West and North are big markets and some 
of your competition also very big there, in terms of either the team strength or something, if you 
can give any numbers or metrics, are we doing anything different, are we trying to ensure that 
the market share that we have is obviously much lower than the market share we have in South 
and East, so how do we kind of increase our market share in those regions? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
We have been consistently investing on our brands and again its hard work, its distribution that 
finally will also help, so both brand building and distribution will go hand in hand and that is the 
common strategy, but yes, it is pretty, lot of hard work and that will keep continuing and from 
where we were to where we are now, we have been growing in all these geographies. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
So, in HI category can you highlight what is the salience of liquid compressor as of today you 
have been focusing on the Maxo Liquid Vaporiser for some time now, so what has been the 
trajectory and improvement in the mix and what is the part of profitability in that particular 
segment if you can answer those two kindly? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Karan, we have spoken in the past about some of the seasonal issues we have seen in North and 
East which are our core market, so things are improving and therefore going forward this quarter 
is going to be an important season for us.  Also, we have seen illegal incense sticks impact on 
the coil category. So, going forward, yes, as you said our focus is more on the liquid side of it, 
which is around 35% of our portfolio. So, we would rather focus on expanding that and the good 
thing is as we speak our market shares are holding up. So, we will wait for this quarter how the 
season behaves and we are hopeful that we will see a turnaround in this category as well. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Secondly, you have been saying that LUP has been selling in rural so have you focused more on 
LUPs any bridge packs, though cater to the rural consumers and anything specifically you are 
doing in rural markets to drive faster growth? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
LUPs have been growing for us in double digit, so if you see with the current situation that is 
where it is or that make sense for consumers especially in the rural, so both are Rs. 5 and Rs. 10 
packs have been doing well. We have also introduced like you said the bridge pack at Rs. 20 
since many of the other MRPs have gone up, the Rs. 20 pack has also come in most segments 
and we are seeing pretty much good impact there as well. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Will you be able to share what is the contribution of LUPs to your portfolio? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
For the company, overall, Rs. 5, Rs. 10 and the LUPs account for around 30-35% of our total 
business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Two quick ones, one on the insecticides category while I heard the seasonality comment, but if 
we look at the longer term in the trajectory for you and as well as for the other player, is it fair 
to say that it is just not the seasonality, there is something else is also playing out because as I 
recall during COVID times, there was this regaining of share from incense sticks and post that 
we have not really heard about what is really happening to incense sticks, etc., is there something 
underlying which is actually playing out apart from just the seasonality at a category level and 
being one of the large players definitely in one of the parts of India, it definitely have sort of a 
tailwind/headwind for you right? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, during COVID, like you said, yes, we did see good growth happen in this category. It was 
also the impact of COVID, I would say, people wanted to avoid going to hospitals or things like 
that, so that kind of thing we did see the use of hand washer, sanitizers, all of these healthcare 
segments did grow well and illegal incense sticks manufacturers definitely going out. Now that 
things have cleared and all have come back, yes, that is one category the legal incense sticks has 
been growing. So, yes, one is that and then the seasonal impact that has actually impacted. Both 
of these have impacted the entire category. 
Manoj Menon: 
Secondly, top down when I look at the next let us say 3, 5, 7 years for Jyothy Labs if you could 
call out let us say what could be those 3 or 4 incremental drivers, for example, when I look at it 
today, it is probably less appreciated that dish wash for example is the largest category for you 
which was the result of let us say lot of painstaking effort you have done much earlier, secondly, 
currently it is a mid-segment detergent basically extending the brand to other markets etc., so if 
you could talk about things like let us say liquid detergent what are you finding in terms of 
consumed behavior and more importantly acceptance of new brands which is the 
premiumization drive of you, secondly with some more granular color in terms of the ramp up 
plans for Crisp and Shine or any other things which are the 3-4 things which could potentially 
be those big drivers of incremental growth for you? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
For us, our post wash, so if you see fabric care, our post wash, our detergents and the newly 
launched liquid detergents all of them have been doing well. Crisp and Shine, it is a category 
where it requires lot of education, so we will be going one by one each market. It won't be an all 
India thing all of a sudden. There are these, post wash using markets especially in that category 
and we would want to go and invest behind and educate consumers on that, but we have seen 
good growth post COVID. That was one which has got impacted. Both the post washes had got 
impacted and now they are coming back, have almost come back, so we will be seeing good 
growth happen there. In the liquid detergents, yes, we see that shift happening from with the 
consumers the categories are growing in very high double digits and obviously when trusted 
brand launches and obviously the mix is working for us, the price, the quality of the offering is 
also working for us. So, that also coupled with the category growing that is going to give us that 
kind of growth in the coming future and in detergent and powders we have brands at every 
segment, the premium, the mid segment and the mass segment and in times like these, the lower 
end also has grown. So, if you see for us, all of these brands have been firing this year, in fact, 
last few quarters, it has been doing well and all of these will be contributing to the overall growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans J from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyans J: 
Just wanted to understand sir, if I look at your gross margins Q-o-Q, we are seeing quite a lot of 
improvement there and I am looking at your standalone numbers, so just wanted to understand 
in spite of the revenue degrowth Q-o-Q you are seeing strong improvement in gross margins and 
you also mentioned that LUPs are selling more, so just wanted to understand is it only because 
of RM or do you think the product mix change has also led to this improvement in gross margins? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Shreyans, it is primarily because of the softening of the raw materials which aids us in the gross 
margin and in the past as we know that the margin decline had happened primarily because of 
the raw material prices going sharply up, so as things are moderating out we have got that benefit 
in the gross margin levels and the price increases which we have taken in the past is also helping 
us in that, so multiple factors which is getting us back to our earlier gross margin level, so we 
are hopeful in future we should be back to our earlier EBITDA margin profile of 15-16%. 
Shreyans J: 
So, yes, just wanted to check that on that, earlier we used to do about 15-16 odd levels of 
EBITDA margin, so what do you think strategy wise would you guys have to do to get back or 
do you think the current run rate and the way we are doing our business and the things that we 
are doing on the ground will help us to get to those margins eventually in a year or two, how do 
you guys look at this? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, if you see how sequentially things have been improving, we hope that the same trajectory 
will continue and which would be a mix of softening of raw material prices, some of the price 
increases which we have taken, I think all of these things put together in times to come we should 
be back to our earlier margin profile. 
Shreyans J: 
And sir, just fundamentally wanted to understand what is actually happening in the fabric care 
segment because I think you have grown well, another competitor has done really well in this 
kind of the segment, so we are seeing demand softness across the board, but this is one category 
where we are not seeing softness, so just fundamentally wanted to understand is there anything 
that is happening underneath that we have not been able to understand, what is it like? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
We will speak about us and the thing is like I said in the earlier thing also that for us the fabric 
care is the post wash, the main wash and the newly launched liquid detergents and the thing is 
we are there at each and every price segment that is there in the market and all of them have 
been doing well, also coupled with the distribution reach and all of that. So, that is about it. In 
that we have been investing on these brands as well and we have also gained market share. 
Shreyans J: 
And just last bit, just wanted to understand your market share numbers, when I look at Ujala 
Supreme market share numbers, we are at 83.6 versus 84.1 in the March quarter, so anything to 
look into that 50 bps we have lost market share here and in home insecticides also I think we 
lost about 50 bps of market share? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, so I would say that rather that we have been maintaining 50 bps here and there doesn’t make 
a huge this thing in our category, we are by far the market leaders in the post wash segment and 
there is no concern as such. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
January 25, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you everyone and we appreciate you all for asking us questions and having a good 
discussion. We look forward for your comments and any questions you have, please reach out 
to us as well as to I-Sec team.   Thank you everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
