 
 
Date: February 17, 2023 
 
1. The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Scrip Code: NAUKRI) 
 
2. The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(Scrip Code: 532777) 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q3 FY 2022-23 Post Result Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
In furtherance to our letter dated February 11, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, given below is the link of the transcript of 
the Conference Call on the Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 
2022 , held on Friday, February 10, 2023 at 04:30 pm (IST), post declaration of results. The same has 
been updated on the website of the Company. 
 
Link: https://www.infoedge.in/InvestorRelations/financial_Earnings  
 
A copy of the transcript of the Conference Call is enclosed herewith. 
. 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Info Edge (India) Ltd.  
 
 
 
 
Chintan Thakkar 
Whole-time Director & CFO 
 
 
CHINTAN 
ARVIND 
THAKKAR
Digitally signed 
by CHINTAN 
ARVIND THAKKAR 
Date: 2023.02.17 
17:49:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Info Edge (India) Limited Q3 FY 22-23  
Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJEEV BIKHCHANDANI -- VICE CHAIRMAN, INFO EDGE (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. HITESH OBEROI -- MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, INFO EDGE (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. CHINTAN THAKKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, INFO EDGE 
(INDIA) LIMITED 

Vivek Aggarwal: Hi everyone good evening and welcome to Info Edge India Limited Q3 '23 
Financial Results Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only more, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
call, please raise your hand on your screen. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Founder and 
Vice Chairman, Mr. Hitesh Oberoi, Co-Promoter and Managing Director, and Mr. Chintan 
Thakkar, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin today, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and may 
involve some risks and uncertainties.  Kindly refer to slide number two of investor presentation 
for detailed disclaimer.  
 
I would like to hand over the conference to Mr. Hitesh Oberoi for his opening remarks. Thanks 
and over to you, Hitesh. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 
earnings call.  As always, we will start with an update on our standalone financials, and discuss 
the market conditions for each of our operating verticals, and then cover each the business 
financials of each vertical in more detail. And then of course, we'll have time for Q&A. The audited 
financial statements and other schedules on segmental billing, revenues, et cetera, along with 
the data sheet have been uploaded on our website www.infoedge.in.  
 
Overall billings in Q3 grew to Rs. 550.7 crores, up by 14.5% from Q3 of last year. YTT billing stood 
at Rs. 1,617.7 crores, a YOY growth of 33%. Revenue in Q3 stood at Rs. 555.2 crores, up by 33.4% 
from Q3 of last year. YTD revenues stood at Rs. 1,594.7 crores, a YOY growth of 44.1%. Billing and 
revenues along with the acquired businesses like Zwayam and Do Select for the quarter stood at 
Rs. 566.4 crores and Rs. 571.6 crores respectively. Operating expenses for the quarter, excluding 
depreciation and amortization were Rs. 338.4 crores, again up by 14.6% from Q3 of last year. 
Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 216.8 crores versus Rs. 120.9 crores last year and 
a growth of 79.3% from Q3 of last year.  And YTD EBITDA stood at Rs. 563.9 crores. Operating 
EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 39.1% compared to 29.1% in the same quarter of last 
year. And operating EBITDA including acquired businesses stood at Rs. 220.3 crores, a YOY growth 
of 83.1%. Cash from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 241.8 crores compared to Rs. 251.6 
crores last year for the same quarter. YTD cash generated from operations stood at Rs.625.7 
crores.  
You may have seen in our results that we have fully impaired our investment of Rs. 276 crores in 
4B Network Limited to our subsidiary in line with accounting policies and principles of 
conservatism consistently followed by the company.  

 
While we continue to believe that the real estate tech market has potential and had hoped that 
this investment would work out, we took this decision to write down the investment in the light 
of the current state of the environment and the significant uncertainty towards funding options 
available to 4B going forward. Deferred sales revenue stood at Rs. 835.4 crores as of 31st 
December 2022 versus 623.4 crores as of 31st December 2021, an increase of 34% year-on-year. 
The cash balance of info-edge including the wholly owned subsidiaries stands at Rs. 3079 crores 
as on 31st December 2022, it stood at Rs. 3855 crores as of 31st December 2021. 
 
In the recruitment business, our Q3 job speak reported 8% YOY growth in hiring. However, 
IT sector hiring index was down by 14%. Amongst our non-IT customer base, sectors such as 
insurance, hospitality, retail and banking posted robust growth.  We experienced longer sales 
cycle and spend optimization during the quarter with various customers, especially in the IT 
space. 
 
In the real estate market, we are currently witnessing an active primary and secondary market 
with increasing prices across top cities. We are also seeing higher demand for commercial space 
from non-IT and retail users. However, with the 6th straight increase in repo rates by RBI, we 
expect stability to return in this space in some time. 
In our education vertical, we are witnessing pre-COVID patterns of examinations and admission 
processes across the country. Students have returned back to campus for their classes and are 
open to moving across the state for higher studies. However, we also noticed that students 
aspiring to study in the US universities are facing some visa delays.  
Moving on to the quarterly financials of the recruitment business We will cover each business in 
detail.  
In Q3 of 23, the recruitment segment billings were Rs 434.6 crores up by 70.7% from Q3 of last 
year while revenues were Rs 436.8 crores up 40.3% from Q3 of last year. YTD billings stood at Rs 
1275.2 crores, a YOY growth of 38.1%, while YTD revenues stood at Rs 1242 crores, a growth of 
53.4%.  
 
Operating EBITDA stood at Rs 274.7 crores for the quarter, up 46.5% from Q3 of last year and 
EBITDA margins stood at 62.9% versus 60.2% in Q3 of last year. Cash generated from operations 
for recruitment during the quarter stood at Rs 281.8 crores, up from Rs 260.7 crores in Q3 of last 
year. The recruitment business has generated 797.7 crores of cash from operations in the first 9 
months of this year. Billings for Naukri India for the quarter stood at Rs 362.7 crores, up 17.8% 
year on year, while revenue for the quarter for Naukri India stood at Rs 367.6 crores, up 43.3% 
year on year. 
 

Recruitment segment billing, including acquired businesses like Zwayam and Do Select, stood 
at Rs 450.4 crores, a growth of 20.2% year on year for this quarter.  
IIM jobs and Hirist had a YOY growth of 30.5% in their billing numbers, closing at Rs 17.9 crores, 
up from 13.7 crores last year.  
We are seeing some concerns around macro economic factors which have started impacting 
hiring on the platform by IT customers. The sales team is focused on increasing the velocity of 
closures and monetization of non-IT customers during the quarter. The platform continues to 
witness vibrant job seeker traffic. Around 19,000 new series were registered per day during the 
quarter, a YOY growth of 15%. In our endeavor to guide and enable job seekers in their career 
journey, we launched a series of podcasts, videos and articles and a new content series called 
Work Wise with Naukri. We maintained our marketing spends during the quarter in line to our 
previous quarter spends and focused on increasing reach of our digital video campaign targeting 
the Gen-Z audience. Our review and rating platform Ambition Box continues to retain its No. 1 
position as the employer review and rating platform in the country. 
 
Moving on to the Shiksha business, in Q3, Shiksha Billings grew by 8.5% year-on-year and stood 
at Rs 27.8 crores, while revenue grew 26.2% year-on-year to Rs 27.7 crores. YTD Billings stood at 
Rs 82.9 crores, a year-on-year growth of 22.4%, while revenue stood at 84.8 crores with a year-
on-year growth of 28.1%. The business made in EBITDA of Rs 1.1 crore during the quarter versus 
a profit of Rs 2 crores in Q3 of last year. Cash flow from operations stood at Rs 2.6 crores against 
an inflow of Rs 13 crores in Q3 of last year. The business maintained its focus on study abroad 
business during the quarter as we see heightened interest among students to go abroad. We 
continue to invest in making our content more comprehensive and more student-friendly and 
building deep domain expertise in the space.    
 
Moving on to the 99Acres business. In 99Acres, Billings in Q3 grew by 15.7% year-on-year and 
stood at Rs 71.1 crore, while revenue grew from Rs 58.6 crores in Q3 to Rs 72.9 crores in Q3 of 
2022-23. YTT Billings stood at Rs 207.9 crores, a year-on-year growth of 36.8%, while revenue 
stood at 209 crores, a year-on-year growth of 33.9%.  The operating loss for the quarter stood at 
Rs 23.2 crores against a loss of Rs 22.6 crores in Q3 of last year. The business reported a cash 
outflow from operations of Rs 19.9 crores for the quarter against an inflow of Rs 1.7 crores in the 
same quarter of last year. Revenue growth was recorded across all key categories in the real 
estate segment, resale, rental, commercials and new homes. We experienced high acceptance of 
our premium listing amongst the workers during the quarter and the platform also witnessed 
growth in responses and traffic during the quarter. We will continue to invest in platform content, 
client delivery and marketing in the months to come. 
 
Moving on to the matrimony business, Jeevansathi. 

In Jeevansathi, Q3 Billings declined   by 30.1% year-on-year to Rs 17.1 crore and revenue declined 
by 26.3% year-on-year to Rs 17.9 crores. YTD Billings stood at Rs 51.7 crores, a year-on-year 
decline of 30%, while revenue stood at 58.9 crores, a year-on-year decline of 21.3%. The 
operating EBITDA  losses stood at Rs 25.3 crore for the quarter against a loss of Rs 37.2 crore in 
the same quarter of last year.  Cash outflow from operations for the quarter stood at Rs 27.2 
crores against an outflow of 21.3 crores in Q3 of last year. Our free chat model continues to drive 
profile growth and engagement on the platform. We had a significant reduction in advertising 
and marketing spends during the quarter backed by compelling proposition and effective 
marketing campaigns.The quarter also saw a complete revamp of the user experience on the 
apps and helped us improve, helping us improve discoverability of profiles on the platform. A few 
paid products were launched in December to experience monetization with an increased user 
base. Aisle also continued its growth trajectory during the quarter. Vernacular apps in the space 
remain a strong idea of focus for us. 
 
Moving on to the consolidated financial highlights. At the consolidated level, the net sales for 
the company stood at Rs 589.5 crores in Q3 of this year versus 421.4 crores in Q3 of last year. For 
the consolidated entity at the total comprehensive income level, there is a loss of Rs 399.6 crores 
versus the gain of Rs 4,566.2 crores for the corresponding previous year quarter ending 
December 31, 2021. Adjusted for the exceptional items PBT stood at Rs at a profit of Rs 511.2 
crores in Q3 versus Rs 2,624.8 crores in Q3 of last year.  
Thank you.   
 
We are now ready to take any questions that you may have. 
 
Moderator: So, we will wait for the [overlap] 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Hitesh. We will now begin Q&A session. Anyone who 
wishes to take a question may raise your hand on the screen. We will take your name and 
announce your turn in the question key. We will wait for a second till the question queue builds 
up. 
 
 
Moderator: The first question comes from Nitin Jain from Fairview Capital. Nitin, go ahead and 
ask a question. 
 
Nitin Jain: Yeah, my question is, thank you for the opportunity first. My question is on the 4B 
networks that you write off. So, if you could clarify the rationale for, you know, writing it off, 

because I think until two quarters back, company was still investing in 4B. So, what explains the 
sudden change? Thank you. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Chintan, you want to take that?  
 
Chintan Thakkar: Yeah. So, you are right, you know, we, like, it is also explained in this prepared 
commentary that, you know, we were pretty optimistic, you know, and we have been investing 
and they also kind of been growing, you know, showing good growth. They have built a solid team 
as well. But in last, you know, few months’ time, given their rate of cash burn and the overall 
funding environment, the way it has changed, there is a lot of uncertainty about, you know, the 
future, you know, funding environment. And I think that's what is kind of causing us, following 
the principles of conservatism, that, you know, we thought that we should take a full write-off in 
this case. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi : We had an interesting idea when we first invested and the company was, did well 
for a while and they were, you know, at one point in time, 30% of all site visits in Bombay were 
happening through the app and which is why we invested more money. But I think the market 
has suddenly turned and, you know, it's difficult to sort of see the company raising money going 
forward. I guess that's why we want to be conservative and that's why we have sort of written 
down the investment. 
 
Nitin Jain: Okay. And just a follow up on that, when you say the market has suddenly turned, are 
we seeing a similar impact in our real estate business, 99 acre? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: No, I meant the funding market. 
 
Nitin Jain: Okay. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thanks Nitin. Next question is from Vijit Jain. Vijit, go ahead and ask her question. 
 
 
Vijit Jain: Thank you. I just have two questions. So one, obviously a pretty significant 
improvement in margins in the quarter, specifically in the recruitment business, right? As we look 
ahead, you've called out a little bit of challenges on the IT side. So I'm just wondering how should 
we think about it and how should we think about your A&P spending in that regard. And my 
second question is a slightly different one, Hitesh. I'm just wondering on the recruitment side, 
there are probably a lot of consultants who use your platform and then do other recruitment 
allied activities, right? Including platforms, which probably use resumes from your site and help 

companies build teams, et cetera. So do you look at these kinds of platforms who use your, who 
use Naukri differently? Do you monetize them differently? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Right. To answer your first question, see, we are seeing a slowdown in IT hiring. 
Our IT hiring was on fire for about seven, eight quarters. And that is why, you know, we were 
able to release great results for the last few quarters. And that's why our margins have improved 
substantially over the last couple of years. What we are seeing now is a slight slowdown in IT 
hiring. But non-IT hiring continues to be strong, continues to be solid. If you look at our jobs speak 
for the month of January, which we released recently, IT hiring was down 25%, but non-IT hiring, 
but overall hiring was still up 2%. And because certain segments, non-IT segments are growing at 
90%, 70%, 50% as well. So the non-IT market continues to be hot and that's about, you know, 45- 
50% of our business. So a lot will depend on what happens to IT hiring going forward. If IT hiring 
bounces back strongly within a quarter or two, you know, and the Indian economy continues to 
grow at 6% or so per annum, you know, we should be fine. Right. As far as our pricing model 
pricing goes, you know, we don't treat, you know, platforms who, so as far as we are concerned, 
we, we sell our access to our database and there are some terms and conditions which people 
buy, who buy their access are bound by. And as long as they adhere to those terms and 
conditions, we don't price, you know, anything separately for different customers. 
 
Vijit Jain: Got it. Thanks. Yeah. Those are my two questions. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Vijit. Next question is from Swapnil from JM Financial. Swapnil, go ahead and 
ask a question. 
 
Swapnil: Hey, hi, thanks for the opportunity. So first question is on your impairment side. So 
given that we are impaired 4B networks now, is there a realistic possibility that there could be 
more impairments coming in other investments that we have done in the past? So that's my first 
question. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani : Look, may I take that, Hitesh? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah, please. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: See, there is nothing to announce right now. But in the, in the AIF, we 
have a portfolio in fund one, we have a portfolio of 28 companies, right? It's perfectly possible to 
something be impaired in this environment, but there's nothing visible right now. We shall make 
announcements as and when we become cognizant of any need to impair. But as far as strategy 
is concerned, I'm not sure but Hitesh, I mean, maybe you can take that? 

 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah, see, you know, this is a fast-changing environment, and the funding 
environment, you know, I mean, and companies are sort of re-evaluating their, all the companies 
in our portfolio, also, they're sort of, they've gone back to the drawing board, and they're looking 
at their plans, growth plans, once again. And, you know, of course, some companies are under 
more stress than other companies. So, you know, right now, we don't have visibility on any other 
sort of impairment, or any other asset impairment in our portfolio. But you know, the situation 
is dynamic, and things are likely to change with every quarter. So, let's see what happens going 
forward. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: But you can, I mean, what we are committed to is the principles of good 
governance, fair disclosure and correct disclosure. And so, as and when things arise, we will 
disclose, should they arise. 
 
Swapnil: Got it. And the second question is with respect to competitive intensity in 99 acres in 
Jeevansathi, your losses have come down on a sequential basis over there. Has the intensity come 
down a notch due to macro factors and funding concerns for the competition? Or we have taken 
a strategic decision over there to not to spend much and conserve cash? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So, in Jeevansathi, you know, we have changed our business model. And we have, 
we are now Chat, for example, on Jeevansathi is now free, and we are experimenting with this 
new model and we are hoping that because there is stuff we give out for free, we will not have 
to spend as much money on marketing going forward. So, we are experimenting with our 
marketing span and we started bringing it down slowly. And that's and hopefully it will not impact 
our profile acquisition and it will not impact our revenue growth going forward. But early days 
on this one, so let's see how this evolves. As far as competition is concerned, they continue to 
spend like they were spending earlier. But if we start spending less, maybe they will also spend 
less going forward, who knows. As far as 99 Acres is concerned, we are trying to optimise our 
marketing spend a bit. We are working on a few interesting ideas. And it's not as if competitive 
intensity has changed. But we are taking a breather and we are sort of, you know, revisiting our 
strategy and optimising stuff at our end. And then we'll see how the site responds and so again, 
so let's see what happens going forward. This is not, I mean, it's not an indicator of things to come 
this way. We are just conducting some experiments and as a result of these experiments, 
sometimes marketing spend may go down, sometimes it may go up. 
 
Swapnil: Okay. And just one more question, if I can squeeze in. So, given that we have a high base 
of billings in Naukri from last year, is it a realistic possibility that the billings can de-grow in 4Q? 

You know, on YOY basis, given the slowdown in IT hiring and IT contributes a significant 
proportion of billings.  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So, it is a possibility, of course, by internal target, we have set a target, you know, 
which is a growth target, we are internal target is 15% growth, but we don't know where we'll 
end up because we've seen a slowdown in billing growth over the last two, three quarters and 
Q1, our billing growth was 70-80% and Q2 came down to 50 odd percent and Q3, it went down 
to 20-23%. So, fingers crossed on what will happen in Q4. We expect non-IT billings to continue 
to sort of be solid because, you know, if job speak is an indicator, that market is still hard. But IT 
billing, we don't know whether we've hit the bottom as yet, right? And so, it's hard for me to 
predict what's going to happen in Q4. 
 
Swapnil: Cool. Thanks a lot for answering those questions. Have a nice day. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Swapnil. Next question is from Nikhil from Nuvama. Nikhil, go ahead and ask 
a question. 
 
Nikhil: Hi. I have a couple of questions. Hitesh is basically continuing with what Swapnil just said. 
In an IT where recruitment was very solid, has completely came to a standstill. You've seen this 
from most of the IT services company, there's hardly any hiring. When we discussed with IT 
Services Company, they are saying that they are looking for monetizing what they have already 
hired. They are looking to increase their monetization. So, can that and even the hiring in coming 
quarter would be greater mix for pressure, where, you know, that would be direct hiring that 
then through Naukri. So, can the impact could be limited to quarter or the impact could be lower, 
like six to nine months, longer period of impact on our billing and overall growth. And second 
question is on investment. So, last time in your call, you talked about that we are a bit 
conservative on investing on startup and new investment with our policy or we are using the 
opportunity because of the decline in valuation to invest more. Thank you.  
 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: I'll let Sanjeev take the second one, but I'll answer the first question. See, IT hiring, 
see, IT hiring has not come to a standstill because, you know, it's not about just net hiring, it's 
about gross hiring. So, you know, attrition rates continue to be high in a lot of companies. So 
attrition rates have of course started trending south, but companies need to also replace a lot of 
people to stay at the same number. And you are absolutely right in saying that they are perhaps 
adding less people, you know, than they were adding earlier, but attrition rates, when I last 
checked and reasonably high in a lot of IT services companies still, and it's not as if our deal, our 
business and IT has come to a standstill, still closing deal. We are still getting, you know, clients 

to renew with us, et cetera, et cetera. What is happening is that, you know, the volumes have 
gone down of course, compared to, you know, the same, you know, compared to six months ago 
and clients are taking longer to close deals and negotiating harder, like all, like is always the case 
in such situations. Will this continue for one quarter or three quarters? I don't know.  You know, 
a lot will depend on what happens in the US market right now there's also a lot of bad press, you 
know, around companies laying off in the US, etc, etc. and that started impacting sentiment in 
the ground. Our startup India also seems to be in some trouble. So that's also had an impact on 
some, on sentiment here. But what we've seen in the past, at least, and I can tell you from our 
past experience that whenever there is a recession in the US, whenever there's a slowdown in 
the US, in the short term, you know, for a couple of quarters hiring in India slows down. But in 
the long term, actually more and more jobs are outsourced to India. So if that happens this time 
around also, then who knows, you know, IT hiring could pick up actually in a very big way going 
forward, but it's hard for me to predict what will happen at this stage. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: On the second question, could you please repeat it? I couldn't hear you 
properly. 
 
Nikhil: Sanjeev so basically during last earning call you mentioned that we are going a bit slow on 
investing in startup, new age companies. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: No, I don't think I could have said that. Maybe I miscommunicated. What 
I did say was we are being more careful. And therefore, a bar for evolution is higher. We are not 
now worried about missing investment, we are more worried that we don't do the wrong one. 
Especially since, you know, we don't know if there'll be a follow on round for another investor or 
not. They might be, but they might not be. Because everybody is being more careful. So we are 
investing, but we are being a little slower and more careful. 
 
Nikhil: Understood that’s all from my side Thank you Hitesh. Thank you Sanjeev. 
 
Moderator: Yeah, thank you Nikhil. The next question is from Deep Shah from B&K Securities. 
Deep, go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Deep Shah: Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, Hitesh, I hear you well that you are trying a 
lot in 99 Acres and trying some experiments are on the way. I just want to understand better if 
you could help us. Because the fact is that we have been growing revenue, so the market has not 
become like the matrimonial market where things are sluggish. So we have been growing 
revenue, but at the same time, maybe it's marketing, maybe it's something else which has always 
kept in the red. So if you just explain how the market is spanning out, is it that the overall size is 

not increasing, it's only digital spend which is going up and what are we trying to do? If you could 
elaborate a bit more that would be very useful because this was a massive opportunity in all of 
our understanding, but then the monetization is only getting protracted. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So let me just explain. So see, for a long time, the real estate market was in trouble 
in the sense that not enough people were buying property, prices were not moving up, unsold 
inventory had been going in various, in different cities. And customers have been cutting their 
spend. And transactions had fallen off a cliff. In fact, even in 2019 or 20 or even 21, maybe they 
were still lower or lower than what they were 10 years ago. What we've seen is a turnaround in 
the market, at least the sentiment has changed, there is enough interest in real estate, people 
are buying, prices are going up. You know, the market has consolidated over time, though, right? 
There are fewer developers and they have a larger share of the market than was the case five 
years ago, 10 years ago. Of course, there and digital spending has also grown and you know, 
spend and customers are spending more than earlier. In fact, we may be now in a situation where, 
you know, a lot of the projects are getting sold without spending because there's so much interest 
in the market, which is also not good news for us because we like some, we always like the market 
to be somewhere in the middle, because it is so easy to, if it's very easy to sell real estate, 
nobody's required. So that's the danger. But you know, again, home loan rates have started going 
up and so on and so forth. And so we'll sort of hit, you know, equilibrium in some time. As far as 
we are concerned, our revenue is growing. We are up maybe more than 30% over last year for 
the first nine months of this year. We are investing a lot more in the business, both in marketing 
and in content creation and in user experience on the platform. Of course, we got hit very badly 
during COVID and our costs have gone a little out of control over the last couple of years because 
of COVID. And because we have to, because the tech market was also very hot, we had to give 
heavy increases to retain our talent and so on and so forth. Things are now beginning to 
normalize and stabilize on that front. And if you are able to continue to grow revenue going 
forward, then things should be fine. At the same time, the comparative intensity in our space has 
also increased because there are a lot of well-funded players like housing, for example, which is 
owned by REA. They'd be very aggressively spending in the market to acquire customers, to 
acquire users. There are other well-funded VC startups also who've been sort of making a lot of 
noise. So while the market is growing at the same time, comparative intensity has also increased 
substantially over the last seven, eight quarters. So we are, we have a few good ideas. We are 
working on them and you know, if you're able to execute well, then things should start getting 
better, but if the competitive intensity continues to increase, then we will be forced to respond 
to defend our position. And so let's see how this plays out in over the next few quarters. 
 
Deep Shah: Right. Right. thanks for that. Again, I know you answered these in the previous 
quarters, but and correct me if I'm wrong, but what we've seen is despite the on and offs in the 

real estate space, the broking or the offline broker community, they have done pretty solid in 
this period before what you pointed out that properties are being sold even without intervention. 
So where has been that reluctance to reenter this market? We've been in this market earlier, I 
guess, 2014 or 15 sometime. Where is this reluctance to enter this market coming from? And is 
it not just [overlap] 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: the broker market you're saying?  
 
Deep Shah: Yeah. So yeah, the offline broking market. And if you just better explain to us, what 
is the perspective of not getting on the ground?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah. So, you know, that's a very different business. It's a transaction business. 
And see, we run a platform where we actually today, you know, work with over 20,000 brokers, 
large and small. We work with hundreds of channel partners. We work with, you know, mom and 
pop shops. We work with resale brokers, rental brokers, commercial brokers, channel partners 
who sell new homes. We work directly with builders as well.  So the model we are pursuing is 
very different. It's a marketplace model, advertising led model, listing led model. You know, we 
won't get into the transaction, we just enable the transaction, we just enable handshakes. In the 
long run, we feel that if you are able to dominate this market, you know, margins can be very, 
very solid, just like we have an, just like you see in the Naukri business. The analogy there would 
be why don't you, I mean, why don't we not become a consultant? Why did we not become a 
recruitment firm? Some years ago, we took that call that we did not want to be a recruitment 
firm. We wanted to be a marketplace. Now, the problem in real estate is that the, unlike in the 
recruitment space where we dominate here, there's more competition and therefore, you know, 
we're not able to realize the kind of margins we realize in Naukri. Now, can we become a broker? 
We can, but you know, frankly, there are hundreds of brokers out there. There's not much 
difference between them. Sure, you can make some money, like all recruitment firms make 
money, right? But that business is hard to scale and in a good time, they all look good, in a difficult 
time, you know, it's very, very hard to survive as a broker. And that business is not very tech 
intensive and it scales with headcount, scales with people. It does not scale with technology.  
So, so our view is that, you know, it's, you know, you can get a lot of revenue, you can get some 
profit, but it's very hard to build a very valuable brokerage, right? On the other hand, if we, if we 
are able to win in this space, we will not win because there may be just one or two winners, then 
you can build a valuable business. And we would therefore rather focus on this than spread 
ourselves too thin and try and do too many things at the same time. 
 
Deep Shah: Right, right. Hitesh  
 

Hitesh Oberoi: The other thing I want to say, see, if we become a broker also, then many of the 
brokers may not want to work with us. So that's the other challenge of become wanting to 
become a broker.  
 
Deep Shah: No, right. That's a very interesting perspective. Thank you so much. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Yeah. Thanks Deep. The next question is from Aditya from Macquarie. Aditya, go 
ahead and ask her question. 
 
Aditya: Hi Hitesh, Hi Sanjeev. Thank you for the candid remarks. Sanjeev, maybe the first question 
for you on the AIF. Where are you putting new capital to work if at all? And maybe if you can also 
provide some context in terms of what are the types of opportunities which might have looked 
interesting, maybe 12 months back, but now in this environment you're not really pursuing. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: So we've always been wary of stuff like Crypto, you know, and, and this 
was from the beginning and therefore, you know, one of the internal discussions we have is if 
you can't understand it, don't invest in it. And, you know, we sort of were impaired in our 
understanding of crypto. Similarly Web3, I think it's a great idea, great concept, but we don't 
know what the use cases that will make money. So we are really slow on, you know, Crypto and 
Web3, but that's not new. We've been slow since the last couple of years, you know, ever since 
we first heard of it. Right. So we may have done one or two investments to have a flavor of Web3 
and Crypto. We are likewise skeptical of Meta. We don't understand it. We have not done it.  So 
in that sense, we are a little slow off the blocks in this new stuff until we fully comprehend. And 
until the fog lifts, what will work, what will not work. Having said that, you know, we are doing 
some frontier technology in Capital 2B. We continue to, you know, do, you know, consume 
internet, B2B, SAAS, mobile app, in Infoedge Ventures Fund 2. Typically we don't do sectors and 
do it to top down. We do it bottom up, which is like stock picking for you guys. If the, if there's a 
good team chasing a good thing that looks like it could work is getting some traction, look at it 
closely. And if you really continue to like it, you know, as you go deep dive, maybe you can go 
into it. Some amount of caution, you know, we are looking at not doing very large cheques, and 
given the environment we are reducing the risk. We are looking at possibly co-investing with 
others again to share the risk and to get more deep pockets around the table. But, but, but like I 
said, it's, its bottom up, it's not top down. 
 
Aditya: May be Hitesh for you and probably it is the generic nature of the question, but what are 
your top three priorities for Info Edge? 

 
Hitesh Oberoi: Sorry, I, I can you repeat that? 
 
Aditya: What would be your top three priorities for Info Edge? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Top three priorities for Info Edge. So, you know, so one, of course, you know, we 
want to sort of continue to grow our Naukri business, you know, rapidly, you know, we, you 
know, we've done really well for the last seven, eight quarters and Naukri actually grew like a 
startup and we also sort of acquire a lot of, you know, assets in adjacent areas.  And after a long 
time, you're seeing India also sort of grow at a faster rate, the Indian domestic sort of economy 
is doing well. You know, I was just telling somebody 10 or 12 years ago, you know, the infra 
sectors, you know, all the heavy engineering and construction and real estate, you know, all these 
sort of, you know, roads, construct railways, power, all these sectors together were as big as IT 
for us. But then all capital spending came to a stop for a long time. And, you know, they stayed 
where they were and IT grew four or five X. So, you know, hopefully with the government sort 
of, you know, taking up infra spending on priority, you know, some of these sort of jobs will come 
back and these sort of verticals will also grow, start growing rapidly for us. So the, the Naukri 
business continues to be a number one priority because that's our bread and butter business. It 
generates all our profits. We need to defend our market share. We are investing in adjacent 
areas. We are investing in the core platform. We have set up a very high quality AI machine 
learning team to improve the user experience for both the job seekers and customers. So Naukri 
without any doubt continues to be a number one priority. Then of course the, the other verticals 
we are in. So, you know, we have, we realized that, you know, these verticals have been struggling 
for a long time and something or the other has sort of kept them from sort of breaking away from 
competition. So 99 acres is a very important priority for us. And personally I'm spending a lot of 
time on that vertical to see, and it's, and it's, you know, it's not a small vertical anymore. We have 
an internal target of internal billing target of 100 crores 99 acres for Q4. We'll see where we end 
up, but you know, the run rate is getting better with every, and it can become a large business 
over time if it gets the focus and attention it needs. So that's an important sort of priority for the 
community. Shiksha has surprised us.  Shiksha has been growing at a reasonable rate and without 
us focusing or spending too much energy and time on the business, it's now profitable with 
business. It's small, but profitable. So, so, so the other verticals, you know, are important. We are 
also sort of spending a lot of time on our blue collar Job Hai. You know, we have been sort of test 
marketing it, testing it out in a few cities and early signs are encouraging.  So, you know, at some 
point in time we'll want to sort of scale that up as well. So, so, so, and till sometime back and 
continues to be, of course, but attracting and retaining high quality talent was a top priority for 
us because the startup market was super-hot and it was getting harder and harder to attract and 
retain people. Thankfully, I mean, I mean that that's, that's gone under control now because we 

are now seen as a stable, mature business. And, but you know, it's the, because the startup scene 
is slowed down, it's also an opportunity for us to attract and some good new talent into the 
company. And that, that, that will always remain a top priority for us. 
 
Aditya: Thanks Hitesh.  
 
Moderator: Yeah. Thanks Aditya. We have follow-up question from Nitin Jain from Fairview 
Capital. And this is the last question I have in case there are more questions, I request people to 
raise hand so that I can take them one by one. Nitin go ahead and ask a question. 
 
Nitin: Yeah. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. My question is both for Hitesh and Sanjeev. 
So I'd like to, you know pick your brains as in you know, drawing on your previous experiences 
where there have been such funding winters in the market and has it like has it been a strategic 
advantage for a firm like a cash-rich firm like Naukri because we keep continuously you know, 
investing in newer businesses. So if you could share your experience, thank you. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: You want to go first Hitesh? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah. So see, this is an opportunity, but you have to keep at it. So what you have 
to do things, right? So you, we are, like you said, we are cash rich. Now, if the market slows down 
and we continue to invest because we are cash rich, then when the market comes back, we will 
emerge stronger. So, so in Naukri, for example, right now the market is slowing down a bit, but 
see in Naukri we are already dominant. So, but still, you know, if we continue to sort of invest in 
Naukri as if there is no slowdown, our position will be even stronger when the market comes 
back, especially if our competition starts or cuts down on its sort of investments in their business. 
In 99 acres, the same thing would play out, but the 99 acres market is not slowing down. So I 
don't expect competition to slow down their investments in real estate. The real estate market 
continues to be solid. So we don't see any slowdown on that front, but on the whole, you're right. 
In a slowdown, if a company continues to invest in its business, then when the market comes 
back, you know, it's great for the company, especially when others cut down on their investment. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani :Yeah, I'll add to that. You see, if I look back, right, let's go back to the year 
2000-2001, there was a dot.com meltdown, bubble burst. Around that time, now, partly out of 
ignorance, partly out of, you know, misplaced confidence, we did not sack people. In fact, we 
hired 80 salespeople in 2001 at a time when our competition let go of 80 salespeople. Now, a 
decision like that really helped us because we continue to grow and we came out of that 
meltdown profitable, right, as compared to when we went in. Then you go to the global financial 
crisis. There, we had a 40, we had a 43 or 44% traffic share at the beginning of the global financial 

crisis. Three years later, we had a 63% traffic share, right, in Naukri. And that's largely because 
our competition, Monster, Times Jobs, they all let go of salespeople. We did not let go of people. 
We simply did not sack. We were happy to live with lower profits for, you know, two or three 
quarters. We said we will keep our capabilities alive and intact. Competition cut advertising, I 
remember, by 60 or 70%. We cut advertising by only 15%. Once again, we said we'll take lower 
profits, but we will keep the business capability and the brand salience intact. That paid rich 
dividends and therefore when we came back, we came back with a roar. Let's take a look at 2020, 
right. COVID, lockdown, Naukri was minus 44% YOY in quarter one of 2020-21, April, June 2020, 
minus 44% billing growth YOY. You know, we requested Chintan saying, listen, can you stress test 
our, you know, our P&L balance sheet and our cash reserves? And the question we put to him 
was, if we have zero revenue, zero, not zero growth, but zero revenue, if revenue was at zero, 
and we cut marketing, zero and zero increments, how long can we live as a company with the 
current cash reserves? And the answer he came back with was three years. At the moment he 
said that, we said, okay, that's enough, you know, that's enough runway. 
And we simply did not downsize. At a time during COVID when everyone, when a lot of other 
companies downsized, you know, we simply said, listen, we are a people's company. We, this is 
the wrong time to let go of people. There's no light at the end of the tunnel. If you let go, then 
we don't know what will happen to them. They never get a job. At the same time, you know, this 
thing will turn around and we'll start growing again. We don't know when, but we'll start. And, 
you know, preserving our capabilities in times of recession and not cutting back on investments 
too much has paid us rich dividends on three separate occasions, 2000, 2008- 2009, and again, 
2020. You know, so, of course, as you said, you've got to cut the right, cut some expenses, keep 
the right ones intact, you know, be a little more careful about how you're investing. And if you 
manage that right, hopefully, you know, it will help. You want to add something to this HItesh? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: No, see, you're right. Like I said, you know, in the case of Naukri, the question of 
laying off etc does not arise. But there's very little to gain in the sense that we already 70-80% of 
the market. But yes, in our newer verticals, in all the new businesses that we acquired, there's 
still massive opportunity to grow, whether it's IIM jobs, or whether it's job hai, which is just a 
startup inside the company, we will continue to invest in these verticals, because there's just, you 
know, we're just starting, right. And we don't have any constraints. Profitability may go down for 
a while. But like I said, in the past, we've seen even when the companies have laid off in the US 
after a couple of quarters have come back and strongly and hired very strongly in India, because 
that's part of their sort of part of the solution, India's part of the solution to cut costs. So, so, and 
in the other verticals, because we're not seeing any slowdown at the moment, and the market at 
least. 
 
Nitin: Okay, great. Thank you, both of you. That's quite insightful. Just a follow up on that. 

So how does the nature of funding change in such times? Like, do you concentrate more on 
manpower or technology or ad spends?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: See, though, in the long run, we believe that, you know, it's the investment in 
product technology, user experience is what takes you ahead. Right. So, we will continue to invest 
aggressively in these areas. And we've never cut headcount. In fact, the headcount is always 
grown in this part of the business. Number one. Secondly, we continue, we believe that we need 
to invest in new cutting edge emerging areas. So we've been investing very aggressively in AI 
machine learning for the last few years now, we've set up a new team for AI machine learning, 
we are experimenting with video content, and so on. So in the new areas, we want to invest and 
we will continue to invest more. Because if you get that right, you can actually help you take, you 
know, you can move your business to the next level. So we don't want to cut down on new 
emerging in or investing in new emerging areas. It's important for the long term sort of health of 
the company. See, marketing spend is something you can play around, you can turn on the tab 
anytime, turn off the tab anytime. And there is, you know, often a function of, see, what we 
measure is share a voice. See, if, if, you know, our competition is spending a lot, then you have 
to spend a lot. But if competition cuts down, let's say we are at X and competition at X, and they 
suddenly go to zero, then you can go down to X by two also doesn't matter, right? You still get 
your growth.  So there, it's more a function of how much is competition spending more than 
anything else. Because you don't want to lose share a voice. If others stop spending, and you 
spend even a little bit, you're still okay. But if others are spending a lot and you stop spending, 
then you can share. So there, I think we go by, you know, what the others are doing more than 
anything else, because it's not required to, you know, you don't need to spend a lot of money by 
not spending. 
 
Nitin: Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thanks Nitin. I think Vivek that was the last question we had for today.  
 
Hitesh Oberoi Thank you all have a great evening. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. 
 
Chintan Thakkar : Bye. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, everyone. 
 
 

 
