 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLCO56696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 024 
 
April 28, 2023 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, April 25, 2023 
Ref:  Our earlier intimations under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 003 dated  
April 12, 2023, and NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 011 dated April 25, 2023 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the 
Transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Tuesday, April 25, 2023, for your information and 
records.  
 
The transcript of the Analyst Call is also made available on the Company’s website 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q4-FY23.pdf (persistent.com) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: A/a 
Amit 
Murari 
Atre
Digitally signed 
by Amit Murari 
Atre 
Date: 
2023.04.28 
15:20:32 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
FOURTH QUARTER, FY23 ENDED MARCH 31, 2023” 
April 25, 2023 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Persistent Systems 
Earnings Conference Call for fourth quarter of FY2023 ended March 31, 
2023. We have with us today on the call Dr. Anand Deshpande - Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Sunil Sapre - Executive Director and Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi - Head of Investor Relations. Please note, 
all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after management’s opening 
remarks. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please 
raise hand from the participants’ tab on the screen. While asking 
questions, request you to please identify yourself and your company. 
Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sandeep Kalra.  Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Moderator. Good evening, good morning and good afternoon 
to all of you, depending on where you're joining from.  As always, we would 
like to start this call by thanking each one of our 22,750-plus Persistent 
team members and our customers for their support and continued 
interest. We are very happy to report yet another solid growth quarter 
across all major business and financial metrics despite the dynamic and 
rapidly evolving macro environment. This is the first financial year when 
we have crossed a billion dollars in our revenue, in our history. Before I and 
Sunil get into the further details of our quarterly and annual performance, 
I would like to invite our Founder and Chairman Anand Deshpande to say 
a few words on us achieving this important milestone. Over to you, Anand. 
Anand Deshpande:  Thank you, Sandeep, for inviting me here. It's a real pleasure and honor to 
be here at this great momentous occasion for the company as we complete 
a billion-dollar year. I consider myself very fortunate to have had this 
opportunity to be part of this 33-year journey of the company and this kind 
of an achievement is only possible because of the hard work and 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
dedication of the people involved and the support we got from the clients 
and other stakeholders. So, I'd like to thank all the 22,700 current 
employees and another 20,000 prior employees who have all contributed 
to this. I'd like to thank all the clients who have steadfastly supported us 
all through the early days, including now and I would also like to thank all 
the investors for their support they have given to the company. I must 
thank all of you for your support as we do this journey. Really, a milestone 
like this is important, it needs to be celebrated, but having completed a 
billion, I'm sure you are looking to the next billion. I will hand it back to 
Sandeep to take it from here and explain to you what we have done so far 
this quarter and how we look at the next few years. Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Anand. Now, let me get into the details of the quarterly and 
yearly performance. We are happy to report that the revenue for Q4 came 
in at USD 274.55 million, giving us a growth of 3.9% quarter-on-quarter 
and 26.3% on year-on-year basis. On a constant currency basis, this 
translates into a sequential revenue growth of 3.5%. In rupee terms, the 
growth came in at 3.9% quarter-on-quarter and 37.6% on a year-on-year 
basis. For the full year FY23, we achieved a revenue of USD 1,035.98 
million, giving us a robust growth of 35.3% year-on-year. 
Coming to EBIT, our EBIT for Q4 came in at 15.4%. This translates into an 
EBIT growth of 4% on a Q-on-Q basis and 50.7% on a Y-on-Y basis. EBIT 
margin was consistent with Q3 on a sequential basis, as the tailwind of 
higher fresher billing was largely neutralized by higher costs associated 
with business travel events related to annual strategy planning, our annual 
employee event amongst others. The impact of the currency largely 
remained flat during the quarter. Coming to the EBIT for the full financial 
year 2023 - for the full FY23, we achieved EBIT margin of 14.9%, implying 
100 basis points improvement year-on-year. This was an account of a 
combination of higher cost on travel, amortization, fresher intake as well 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
as lower royalty revenue in FY23 being offset by SG&A leverage, better 
pricing, lower attrition and favorable currency movement, leading to this 
improvement. In absolute terms, EBIT rose by 57.4% year-on-year. Sunil 
will provide more color on the EBIT margin movement, later in this call. 
Coming to the order book for the quarter, Q4 was a healthy set of order 
wins for us. The Total Contract Value for the quarter came in at USD 421.6 
million with new booking TCV coming in at USD 250.3 million. This implies 
a healthy growth in TCV of 16.8% on year on year basis. The annual 
contract value of this TCV is of the order of USD 310.4 million of which the 
new bookings TCV contributed to USD 168.3 million. 
On a full year basis, our total TCV crossed USD 1.6 billion. The ACV 
component of this is USD 1.17 billion. This translates into TCV growth of 
32.8% and ACV growth of 24.1% for the full year FY23. Please note that, as 
always, these TCV and ACV numbers include all bookings, small and large, 
renewals as well as new bookings across existing and new customers. 
Coming to the customer engagement size, let me give you some color on 
the various engagement sizes. To start with, we are pleased to announce 
that our top customer revenue saw a healthy growth of 30.6% Q-on-Q in 
USD terms. This is in line with expectations that we have shared with you 
in the last quarter and this month. This impressive sequential growth has 
to be seen in the context of the decline in top client revenue by 23.2% 
during FY23, which was primarily on account of ramp downs we had 
witnessed over the previous two quarters. The ramp downs in earlier 
quarters were on account of structured cost savings program undertaken 
by our top customer. Since then, we have partnered closely with them to 
help them achieve their objectives while also exploring meaningful win-
win opportunities for long term collaboration. 
Moderator, can you hear us? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
Moderator:              Yes, Sir, now it's clear. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Okay. Let me start from the engagement size once again. Apparently, the                           
audio was disconnected for a bit. So, let me give you a color on our client 
engagement size. We are pleased to announce that our top customer 
revenue saw a healthy growth of 30.6% Q-on-Q in USD terms. This is in line 
with expectations that we have shared with you in the last quarter and this 
month. This impressive sequential growth has to be seen in the context of 
the decline in top client revenue by 23.2% during FY23, which was primarily 
on account of ramp downs we had witnessed over the previous two 
quarters. The ramp downs in earlier quarters were on account of 
structured cost savings program undertaken by our top customer. Since 
then, we have partnered closely with them to help them achieve their 
objectives, while also exploring meaningful win-win opportunities for long 
term collaboration. This has led to the signing of a couple of large strategic 
deals cumulatively totaling to USD 100 million TCV, a first for Persistent. 
We are hopeful of continuing with a stable and a gradually improving 
growth profile for our top clients during FY24. We also saw revenues from 
our second-largest customer recovering from the furlough impact during 
the Q4 quarter, registering a sequential growth of 7.6%. 
While the overall portfolio of our top-50 customers grew by 4.7% during 
Q4, the growth was partially impacted by a ramp down in a key Hyperscaler 
relationship, which had a ramp down of approximately USD 3 million for 
the quarter and approximately about USD 10 million on annualized basis. 
This was in line with the Hyperscaler’s overall cost management programs 
across the vendor partners. We are expecting the Hyperscaler account to 
resume growth for us over the next several quarters. 
The progression of our clients across multiple revenue threshold continues 
with two additional customers moving into the greater than USD 30 million 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
band from the greater than USD 20 million band during the quarter and 
also scaling the number of greater than USD 5 million customers to 34 
compared to a count of 25 four quarters back. 
Coming to the geographical breakup - from a geographic perspective, we 
saw a healthy growth across most regions led by the ramp up of recent 
deals. North America grew 4.8% quarter-on-quarter in USD terms, aided 
by growth in our top one customer. Europe revenue increased 19.7% 
quarter-on-quarter on account of ramp up of multiple large deals signed in 
earlier quarters. India revenue declined 15.6% Q-on-Q due to the decline 
in IP revenue compared to Q3. The whole growth has to be seen in the 
context of a much lower revenue base in Europe and India as compared to 
the US. 
Coming to the people and utilization - in Q4, we added 291 people on a net 
basis, taking our total employee headcount to 22,889. Utilization for the 
quarter came in at 77.3% as against 77.6%. The growth in our billed person- 
months in Q4 came through a combination of existing experienced 
employees deployed on various services engagements, new lateral hires, 
and incremental addition of our freshers to billable projects. You may be 
aware that we had hired 3,000-plus freshers at the start of this financial 
year. They had started entering the billable pool from Q3 onwards. All the 
remaining freshers became a part of this billable pool in Q4, which is 
reflected in the increase in billable person-months and IP person-months 
in our fact sheet. A continued deployment of freshers on customer projects 
will be a good tailwind to our margins over the next several quarters. 
On the attrition front, we saw a moderation in attrition with a trailing 12- 
month attrition for the quarter coming in at 19.8% compared to 21.6% in 
Q3. We believe that the trailing 12-month attrition will continue to 
moderate going forward, aided by a general moderation of hiring across 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
the sector and better outcomes on our employee value-related 
interventions. 
Moving on from operational metrics to other highlights of the quarter - we 
are pleased to share with you that the Board of Directors declared a final 
dividend of INR 12 per share for FY23. Together with the interim dividend 
of INR 28 per share, the total dividend for FY23 stands at INR 40 per share, 
which compares to the total dividend of INR 31 per share for FY22. 
Additionally, the Board has decided to declare a special dividend of INR 10 
per share to thank our shareholders for their support on our journey to a 
billion dollars milestone. This takes the total dividend for the year INR 50 
including the special dividend. It continues to be our endeavor to maintain 
a consistent dividend payout ratio while we augment our growth through 
capability led acquisitions.  
Coming to the update on acquisitions and strategic investments - as 
reported earlier, all our recently acquired businesses have been fully 
integrated and are coming together as ‘One Persistent’ to win large deals 
across our focus verticals. We have again become active on the M&A front. 
Consumer Technology, Cybersecurity, Generative AI, European expansion 
and some key domains in Financial Services and Healthcare are the ones 
that we are looking for in acquisition terms and a number of these, 
specifically Consumer Technology, Cybersecurity and Generative AI are the 
ones that we have been incubating for last several months. 
In particular, on the Generative AI front, we are looking to invest in 
Software Labs and training our employees on things including large 
language models, AI-paired programming such as GitHub Co-pilot and so 
on. We recently also announced an expansion of our existing Azure Center 
of Excellence with AI-based modern workplace solutions. We will report 
progress on this front over the next several quarters. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
Coming on to the general administrative updates - on the administrative 
side, in Q4 we did a groundbreaking ceremony of our new MIHAN plot in 
Nagpur. This will be a new campus for us in Nagpur. We also finalized the 
site for a 250-seater office in Kolkata as well as a new office in Jaipur. In 
the coming quarters, our expansion plans include locations such as Kochi 
and Chennai in India, Dallas, Texas, and Poland in Europe from a near-
shore Eastern European delivery center footprint. Our endeavor is to 
provide a world class delivery network to our customers by providing best-
in-class facilities to our employees in locations close to them and also to 
encourage them to work from the office for at least a few days in a week. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q4 with continued 
healthy revenue growth, strong order wins across our focus industry 
segments, good pipeline and improving profitability despite the macro 
environment. 
Now, I would like to invite Sunil, our CFO, to give a detailed color on the 
quarterly financials and related matters. I'll come back after Sunil’s 
comments to give you some more details on key client wins, analyst 
awards and other recognitions for the quarter. Sunil, over to you. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Thank you, Sandeep and good evening, good morning everyone and thank       
you for taking the time to join us today. While Sandeep has briefed you on 
the market outlook and how the quarter has shaped, let me take you 
through the details of financial performance for the quarter. 
So, this was the quarter where, I mean, the much awaited one billion 
milestone was crossed. The revenue for the quarter was USD 274.55 million 
with a growth of 3.9% Q-o-Q and 26.3% Y-o-Y. You would have seen 
Services revenue growing by 5.5% quarter-on-quarter. IP revenue declined 
by 14.6% essentially due to the seasonality in this business. Our total 
revenue for FY23 stood at USD 1.036 billion with Y-o-Y growth of 35.3%, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
with Services revenue registering growth of 42% and IP revenue showing 
decline of 14.8%. 
You will recall that the IP revenue for last year included royalty revenue 
from one of the contracts that was restructured at the end of Q3FY22 and 
was converted into a lesser scope T&M contract. Thus, the IP revenue for 
this year does not include any revenue from that restricting contract. That 
is partly the reason for the decline in IP revenue. 
Revenue for the quarter in INR terms was INR 22,544.7 million, reflecting 
growth of 3.9% Q-o-Q and 37.6% Y-o-Y. The revenue for FY23 is INR 
83,505.9 million, with growth of 46.2% over FY22. 
On the segmental growth, BFSI growth was 3.1%. Healthcare and Life 
Sciences grew by 4.4% quarter-on-quarter, and Technology companies, 
that is a Software Hi-tech grew by 4.1%.  
In respect of linear revenue, the offshore linear revenue grew by 9.6%, 
comprising of volume growth of 9.3% and growth in billing rate by 0.3%. 
The onsite linear revenue declined by 1.2%, majorly on account of declining 
volume by 1.3% while the bill rate grew by 0.1%. 
Now, let me walk you through the movement in the operating expenses 
and the impact on EBITDA. The Employee-Related expenses increased only 
marginally in absolute terms, while as a percentage of revenue it declined 
from 63.6% last quarter to 61.6%. This was an account of lesser net addition 
to technical headcount. We added 262 people as compared to 92 in the 
previous quarter, technical talent. The freshers, as Sandeep mentioned, 
added to the talent pool about three quarters ago are now getting 
progressively deployed on projects. We have also deployed some freshers 
in the IP-led business, which is where you see increase in the IP-led person 
months. All freshers are now part of the billable talent pool partly from mid 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
of Q3 and balance from mid of Q4, which you will find reflecting in the 
utilization numbers. 
You might have noticed an increase in Purchase Royalty expense in this 
quarter. So, let me give you details around that. So, this particular item 
traditionally has item which is relating to IP revenue. So, it has got a partner 
IP, which is in the form of reseller kind of business and it is also about 
royalty when we are working with some of the partners. However, in the 
recent deals, we have had licenses as part of delivery, which we are using 
for the purpose of the long-term projects, the revenue for which is reflected 
under ‘Services’. So, you will need to bear in mind the fact that the growth 
in the IP or the Purchase Royalty item is not directly linked to the IP-led 
revenue. 
In terms of the absolute amount that we have, there you may see a sudden 
bump, which has happened because of the recent large deals and this will, 
as a percentage, get moderated as we go along. We don't expect this 
absolute amount to increase unless for the reseller deals that sometimes, 
you know, keep coming over the quarters. 
In terms of additional expenditure, as Sandeep mentioned, with respect to 
the annual planning event, it impacted margin by about 30 basis points. The 
currency was flat. So, after accounting for movement in all these expenses, 
you will find that the overall cost as percentage to revenue remained more 
or less in the same ballpark as the last quarter and hence, EBITDA at 18.5% 
and EBIT at 15.4%, we are at the same level as the last quarter. 
EBITDA for the full year was INR 15,191.3 million growing at 58.5% year-on-
year. EBITDA margin for FY23 was 18.2% as against 16.8% in FY22. There is 
obviously a higher expense in the form of amortization relating to the 
acquisitions we had done on a Y-o-Y basis. You will find that increase from 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
2.9% to 3.2%. EBIT for FY23 was INR 12,472.3 million, which grew by 57.4% 
year-on-year and EBIT margin came in at 14.9% as against 13.9% in FY22. 
The Treasury income from the quarter was INR 129.05 million as against 
INR 87.02 million mainly on account of increased interest rates and increase 
the treasury size. Forex loss was INR 189.1 million as against a gain of INR 
105.4 million in the previous quarter. This was essentially due to the dollar 
weakness that we saw during January and February, which caused a loss on 
the realization of receivables as compared to the rate on 31st December’22.  
On a full year basis, Treasury income was INR 366 million as compared to 
INR 1,052 million in FY22. The lower treasury income in FY23 is partly due 
to lower treasury size post payout for acquisitions done in Q4 of last year 
and Q1 of this year i.e. the acquisitions we did for Data Glove and 
MediaAgility. 
The interest on borrowing availed for acquisition funding and elimination 
of interest income from ESOP Trust to the tune of INR 195 million on 
consolidation of ESOP Trust starting April 1, ’23 - well, these three factors 
led to the lower treasury income in FY23. 
Profit Before Tax for the quarter was INR 3,405.9 million at 15.1% as against 
14.9% in the previous quarter. ETR was at 26.2% as against 26.3% in the 
previous quarter and will remain in this range. 
PAT for the quarter was INR 2,515.1 million at 11.2% of revenue as against 
INR 2,379.5 million in the previous quarter at 11%. PAT for the full year was 
INR 9,211 million as compared to INR 6,904 million, reporting growth of 
33.4%. And in terms of PAT margin, it is 11% of revenue as compared to 
12.1% in the previous year. 
EPS for the quarter was INR 33.65 as against INR 31.90 in the previous 
quarter. The growth in EPS is 5.5%, while the growth in reported PAT was 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
5.7%. The Board of Directors, as Sandeep mentioned, have recommended 
a final dividend of INR 12 per share and a special dividend of INR 10 per 
share.  
The operational capex for the quarter was INR 1,232 million. This includes 
increased facilities in India locations. Total cash and investments are INR 
15,199 million as on 31st March’23 against INR 15,139 million at the end of 
last month. The cash balance at the end of Q4 was partially after the 
dividend payout. I mean, it is lower because of the dividend payout and 
facilities cost of Hinjewadi.  
Coming to DSO, the DSO came in at 68 days as against 67 days in the 
previous quarter. During the month of March, as a result of the crisis at 
Silicon Valley Bank, which is one of the banks we banked with, we 
requested our customers who were paying into our SVB account to redirect 
payments for other bank accounts. Since there were three weeks in that 
particular month left before exchange could be accommodated by the 
customers, there was some spillover of collections into April, which 
impacted DSO by few days. Forward contracts outstanding at the end of 
March were USD 230 million at an average rate of 82.83 per dollar. 
With that, thank you all again and hand it back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Sunil. 
I'll now talk about the key deal wins for Q4 by industry segments. 
Coming to the Software, Hi-tech and Emerging Industries, Persistent was 
selected by a Fortune-50 Technology company as the engineering partner 
for its Data Warehouse products, as well as its Mobile Application 
Development products. This is a USD 100 million deal over a five-year 
period and involves execution on a product roadmap as well as migration 
of end users to customer’s next-generation platform, which we will also be 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
involved in. Alongside supporting the current and forward-looking 
roadmap, as a part of the deal, we have licensed the source code for 
providing extended support for the earlier version of the product for 
enterprise customers who do not wish to move to the next version. 
Persistent was selected by a leading Marketing Technology Solutions 
company to provide engineering and infrastructure services for its 
platform. This is a large double digit million TCV, five yearly, through our 
Private Equity go-to market. Persistent was selected by a leading company 
in Supply Chain Analytics for product modernization and automation. 
Coming to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance, Persistent was 
selected by a leading Private Equity organization to develop a procurement 
and contract solution for its procurement group as well as modernization 
of its Enterprise Data Warehouse. Persistent was selected by a leading 
company in the Fractional Trading and Embedded Finance to develop an 
integration platform for onboarding and servicing its local customers. On 
the Insurance side, Persistent was selected by a leading company in 
Property and Casualty Insurance to build a cloud-based Data Lake to 
support policy administration, claims analysis and prediction of risk levels 
for the underwriting process. 
On the Healthcare and Life Sciences side, Persistent was selected by one of 
the largest Pharma and Diagnostic companies to build and integrate 
genomic workflow management tools for all of the client’s acquired 
businesses leading to significant increase in their experimental 
throughputs. Persistent was selected by one of the largest companies in 
Scientific Instrumentation to build an Enterprise Data platform to 
streamline governance and operations across multiple business groups 
including procurement, supply-chain, finance and operations. Persistent 
was selected by one of the largest global providers of kidney dialysis 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
services to build a patient and experience management application to 
educate and improve patient satisfaction scores. 
Coming to the awards and recognitions for the quarter - Q4 saw us get 
continued recognition from industry-leading analyst firms and associations. 
To mention a few, Persistent was included in the Constellation Shortlist for 
Innovation Services and Engineering for the first quarter of calendar 2023. 
Persistent was named a Leader in 2023 Zinnov Zones Intelligent 
Automation Services. Persistent won a number of awards from ISG 
including being named as a Rising Star in ISG Provider Lens for U.S. 2022, 
for Google Cloud partner ecosystem, the Rising Star in ISG Provider Lens for 
AWS Ecosystem Partners for US region for 2022 and winner in the 2022 ISG 
Digital Case Study Awards for its patented learning solutions. 
In summary, we continue to deliver healthy growth and profitability in Q4 
despite an increasingly difficult macro environment. With this, I would like 
to conclude prepared comments and I would like to request the moderator 
to open the call for questions. Moderator. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for the Q&A session. We request 
participants to restrict to two questions and then return to the queue for 
more questions. Please raise your hand from the participant’s tab on the 
screen to ask a question. First question is from Abhishek Bhandari. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Yeah. Hi, good evening everyone. Sandeep, I have two questions. The first 
question is on your growth outlook. You mentioned about, you know, good 
deal wins what you're seeing in terms of ACV and TCV growth, also finally 
the growth returning to our top account. At the same time, you also 
mentioned about, you know, some bit of uncertainty given the macro 
environment. Could you tell us when do you intend to go back to your 4% 
to 6% quarterly growth number in FY24? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Abhishek, we don't give forward-looking guidance but let me give you 
a color on the thing. If you look at the trailing 12 months ACV booking, if 
you look at the quarterly bookings, all of that has shown a healthy trend. 
So, from that perspective, you know, the booking should translate into 
growing revenues over the quarters. 
In terms of the range, look, we have said in good times we have delivered 
up to 9% quarter-on-quarter as well. Here, we are looking at, in the 
subsequent quarters, anywhere between 3%-5%, 4%-6%. That is the range 
and we'll try and stick to that.   
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it. Second question, Sandeep, is on your margin outlook. You know, 
bulk of the improvement what we have seen in the last 12-18 months is on 
back of SG&A and finally we have started now seeing, you know, some bit 
of utilization play coming into picture. Could you tell us, you know, going 
forward on the margin side, what are the key levers beyond improvement 
on utilization, which you think could help you on both gross margin and 
EBIT level?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
There are multiple levers, Abhishek. So, if you look at it, whether it is 
scaling our existing accounts, we have been consistently scaling the 
existing accounts nicely. We have taken freshers. Even today, a significant 
amount of freshers are not necessarily deployed and they have been in the 
system anywhere between 9-12 months or even more in some cases. That 
is the other one. 
If you look at the newer areas that we are getting, whether it is Generative 
AI, whether it is the Cloud side where we continue to grow expertise, those 
are areas where we are able to get better pricing than otherwise as well. 
So, there are many different levers along with scale that are there and we 
have said our aspiration is over the next two to three years to go up by 200 
to 300 basis points. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it.  Thank you, Sandeep and all the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, thanks.  Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the good 
execution continuing quarter after quarter.  Sandeep, the first question is 
some of your peers have started talking about project cancellation, project 
ramp downs, delay in start of the projects as a whole. So does this worry 
you entering FY24, where you believe the leakage or completion within 
that revenue could be substantially higher versus FY23 and that keeps you 
growing your order book higher and higher, otherwise the growth may get 
impacted, does that worry? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, there are times when the market was good and we were growing 
at a fairly significant clip, we have grown at times 5 quarters at 9%.  The 
growth has moderated and so that is partly a reflection of all what our 
peers are also saying and so on. So, have there been, you know, things like 
ramp down, if you look at our own top customer, we saw the ramp down 
happen a few quarters back.  It was very hard to get it back.  Like that we 
talked about the hyperscaler where we have seen a certain amount of 
ramp down even in this current quarter. But look, the endeavor that we 
have is this is part of the game, we can't expect the market to be good to 
us all the time, you know.  We will have to learn to live with this and even 
then, grow the order book and deliver the best possible growth rates that 
are there. Rest assured, we are committed to that and that's what we are 
working on, there will be puts and takes, so like for example, this top 
customer that we had ramped down or the hyperscaler, we didn't, you 
know, have any forecast of that coming in. Those were order wins that 
were there, but we have still grown. If you look at our historic track record, 
grown despite this and that's exactly what we are committed to.  We'll 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
keep bringing in more so that even if there is leakage, whatever best we 
can do, and it will be higher than the industry and before you ask us what 
the industry growth is, everyone is talking between 7% to 10%, we will be 
higher, much higher. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks, thanks.  Just the follow up, in one of the large deals which we have 
signed from European Union last week, there is some M&A event, which 
has been announced where the controlling stake could be owned by a 
Private Equity. So does that worry you in terms of any change in the 
structure of the deal, because that deal has started ramping up and that 
client entered within your top-10 account list as a whole, and I have two 
follow ups with CFO as well. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Sandeep, it doesn't worry us because the same Private Equity had 
earlier done a pipe which is basically, you know, if you look at the company 
record - so the Private Equity is not new to that company, even when we 
did the deal, they were actively kind of there as investors. Second, the deal 
construct that we have, it is basically a fixed kind of a construct for the next 
five years. So, that is where the thing is and if the deal was to be 
restructured, there are obviously restructuring pieces attached to it, so I'm 
not worried and again it's a relationship thing, if you have to open the 
contracts in a different volume, but we are not worried about it.  So, the 
next two questions I'll let you ask  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, just two book-keeping questions to CFO.  Sir, if I look at the gross 
block on the Software for nine-months, it was INR 12 crores and at the end 
of FY23 it is INR 51 crores, so almost INR 38-39 crores being added in the 
gross block of software in the Q4 itself.  So, what is the nature of that and 
2nd in terms of your Purchase and Royalty costs, is it fair to assume the 
absolute amount may also decline on a Q-o-Q basis going forward? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, so on the first item, the increase in Software block is actually 
significant investment that we have done in the cybersecurity area for 
Persistent as a company, right so that is one important item. The amount 
in respect of Purchase Royalty you are right, there is, I mean as a 
percentage to revenue, of course it will moderate.  In absolute terms, there 
may be a slight decline, but as you know, this item has got multiple 
components as I explained, so in absolute terms it is hard to say because 
there may be deal-related particularly on the resell side. But as steady 
state, yes there will be slight moderation, not a whole lot. In absolute 
terms, it would stay in this range, little lower than this, but in percentage 
terms it will definitely reflect much. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The cybersecurity software we are capitalizing the product development, 
which is under the WIP? 
Sunil Sapre: 
I don't know what you're referring to, because this is third party software, 
which is bought for our own business as investment in strengthening our 
own, you know, cybersecurity position. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay.  Got it, got it. I will come in the follow up. All the best. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Sure.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Karan Uppal.  Karan requesting, yeah you 
can go ahead Karan. Okay, we'll take you back. Next question is from 
Mehta Bhavik. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. So, couple of questions. Firstly, the headwind what you saw in 
the hyperscaler account, how is the portfolio trending or have you seen 
any ramp down in the project in some other clients as well over the course 
of last quarter or maybe this month and the second question is going back 
to the license, so maybe what you explained or because of the large deal, 
is it possible to quantify the impact because there's also shift in the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
revenue, so that will help us understand, you know, what was the real 
underlying growth outside of the license fees? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Okay. So, Bhavik two parts to it. So, first on the ramp downs, look, ramp 
downs there's no other significant ramp down, if there was, we would have 
called it out. We have been calling it out, whether it was our customer or 
even this particular case, where the hyperscaler we have proactively got.  
There is no other significant material thing.  There will be obviously 
projects end, projects start, so nothing to be worried about. Now as far as 
the large deal is concerned, look, the revenue from the large deal is all 
services.  There are two parts to the services.  One is the ongoing, you 
know, product development that we will be doing for the current product, 
next generation product, migration from the current product to the next 
generation product, so that is one part of it. Second is this customer does 
not want to, you know, provide services to the prior versions of the 
product because they are more interested in investing in the next 
generation and in building their own warehouse and so on, so we have 
taken the license and we are, because of that, starting to win large 
enterprise customers for the extended support of this product. People 
who do not wish to or who don't want to wait for the next generation of 
the product and want to possibly look at extending this for the next few 
years before deciding on next, so overall services revenue you should see 
significant increase and profitably.  So, keep in mind we are not saying that 
this is a cause for profitability concern before you kind of think anything 
on those lines and we are committed as we said before, over the next two 
to three years, we are committed to taking our profitability up 
systematically quarter by quarter and take it up by about 200-300 basis 
points. I can answer any follow up questions. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you.  That is helpful. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, good evening.  Thank you for the opportunity.  Sandeep, I actually 
wanted to pick your brains around the commentary that I heard from some 
of your global peers in terms of saying that they are seeing - that they 
expect a significant increase in offshoring from Hi-tech customer base 
given the kind of cuts that they've done at their own organization level 
over the course of the last six to nine months, that's question #1 and the 
second question was for Sunil, basically we've seen a significant reduction 
in our subcontracting expenses this quarter, how should we be thinking 
about this line item going forward? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, on the Hi-tech thing I would tend to agree and this is what we have 
been saying for the last many, many quarters. Part of the ramp ups that 
we have been seeing is by making sure that we are talking to the Hi-tech 
customers that we have and even for that matter enterprise customers.  In 
the Hi-tech segment specifically here is what has happened. You've seen 
whatever is happening on the hyperscaler side whether it is Microsoft, 
whether it is AWS, and Google and so on, everyone has been laying off 
people trying to restructure their cost base in line with the 
macroeconomic. There was a significant amount of hiring that happened 
in the post-COVID era and that is being kind of recalibrated.  Now, on the 
other side in the market, if you look at it, there are mid-market companies 
that went public.  These are companies that were Private Equity owned or 
were like more importantly Venture Funded owned, which went public at 
huge valuations. Now, when the revenue growth is taking off and they 
were earlier also, you know, going very fast, but they were not profitable.  
Their profitability is coming under even more pressure. So, with revenue 
growth they bring profitability under pressure and a number of them not 
being globalized, that is the phenomena that is leading to larger deals for 
people like us and, you know, anyone who is differentiated on the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
engineering side will be a gainer of this trend and we have been a big 
gainer of this trend and so that will continue at least for the next few 
quarters and we should definitely see more happening in terms of 
offshore. Now, second question Sunil, if you want to go ahead and address. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, sure.  So, on the subcontracting side Manik, it is essentially the 
combination of two factors. One, of course, structurally we have been 
trying to work on reducing the dependence on subcontractors as mobility 
is improved, so that is one aspect. The second is of course the link to the 
ramp down we saw in one of the hyperscalers. So, for this quarter you may 
see the percentage significantly lower, but on a steady state basis, we think 
that the way we are winning projects and required to ramp up, sometimes 
we do depend on subcontractors to fill in the skill gaps, so somewhere at 
12%, 12.5% of revenue is something that you should factor for and 
sometimes it has gone up all the way to 13.5%-14% during the times that 
travel was not easy, but that's what. So, currently the percentage is sub-
11%, it may not be okay to think that it will remain at that kind of level, but 
the structural difference from 14% to 12% is what we are looking. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure.  And if I can chip in with one more, if you could share your thoughts 
around wage increments for FY24 and when do you plan to implement 
that? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah, so wage increments are a function of the way outlook on inflation 
and how things are, so currently if you see, inflation moderation is 
happening, which is reflecting in all the central banks reducing the 
commentary regarding further interest rate hikes and so on. So, it would 
be a tad lower, maybe couple of percentage points as compared to the last 
year wherein you say 8%-9% offshore and 3%-5% for onsite, but we are 
working on it still because our wage hikes are effective 1st of July.  We will 
update you as we go ahead. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Prashant Billur. Prashant, please unmute 
yourself. Okay, next question is from Pankaj Kapoor. Pankaj, can you 
please unmute yourself. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Yeah, hi thanks for the opportunity. My question is on the cash flows. If I 
look at this year, we had a close to 50% revenue growth, but it is translating 
to just 13% growth in our operating cash flow, so looks like your working 
capital has been under a lot of pressure. Maybe if you can just take us 
through what is causing this and how you're planning to improve things in 
FY24? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, Pankaj, the way it panned out was that during the period of the 
pandemic, the release of cash that happened during the course of FY21 
and FY22 led to a significant bump up in the ratios with respect to cash. In 
FY23 what had happened is that it has to an extent normalized on one side. 
There is a structural, you can say situation we faced is because of the SVB 
crisis in the last quarter. Had that not happened, cash flow would have 
looked a little better and thirdly, we had announced in Q2 and Q3 that 
increasing DSO that had happened from levels of 60 to 67 last quarter was 
on account of deals in the IP area with large enterprise customers, which 
have a deeper credit arrangement. So, this would take, so there are no 
fresh deals in that bucket happening, but it would take some time before 
the - these are amortized payments, it's not - so every quarter we do 
receive some payments and this will moderate over time. So, structurally, 
we are not extending larger payment terms except for some very, very 
large customers. So, I don't think there is a working capital blocking that is 
happening in a significant manner, but we are conscious of this. We will 
work towards improving the cash flow and bringing down, you know, the 
gap between both, I mean on the DSO side and on the working capital side. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Understood. So, can you just tell us what kind of a DSO trajectory you're 
looking at in the next 3-4 quarters? Do you expect it to remain flat or 
maybe improve by a couple of days as I believe you were hinting at the 
start of the call? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, sure. So, we would be working towards getting it back to 64-65 kind 
of levels, that would be the level. 
Pankaj Kapoor: 
Got it. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yeah. Hi good evening, Sandeep, Sunil, and Saurabh. Couple of questions, 
so, one is, see, we have had these client-specific issues considering the 
environment, not surprising, but other way you see, going forward, are you 
seeing things getting better or you see things getting worse, so that's the 
first one. The second one was, see, if you look at the deal wins, basically 
we had USD 168 million of net new ACV that includes the last deal as well 
of USD 100 million. Do you think that, and I think it wasn't - you didn't have 
such large deals in the prior quarter, so I just wanted to know, is it getting 
difficult in terms of the kind of sizes of deal wins overall in terms of 
quantum that are consistently booked, do you see that getting tougher on 
a going forward basis, that's the second. Third, on the Purchase and 
Royalty costs, if it is a pass-through is there - has there been an equivalent 
revenue booking or is there some revenue cost mismatch out there?  Right, 
those are the three questions. Thank you so much. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Nitin, I'll take part of the question and then I'll have Sunil answer the 
rest. So, in terms of the environment is getting tougher, yeah it is tougher 
and if you look at the color commentary and the results from any of the 
peers who have announced so far, we'll figure that out. Now, is it going to 
be tougher forever, we are expecting it to be tough for the next one to two 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
quarters and then it should kind of start getting better and so on and even 
in tougher environment, we are not saying there is lack of opportunity, 
there is a good opportunity and we will have to just be alert. The order 
books are a reflection of that. Now, one correction I would do is the USD 
100 million is that TCV on that deal, the ACV on that deal obviously is 
different because it's USD 100 million for 5 years, so you can extrapolate 
that. Now, in terms of order book/pipeline, there's a healthy pipeline.  
There are definitely deals that we would have liked to book last quarter, 
which the deals are taking a longer period of time, but there are 
opportunities even in tougher market and it is going to be tough for the 
next one to two quarters and thereon, hopefully it gets better and comes 
to a normal kind.  Sunil. 
Sunil Sapre: 
So Nitin, on the Purchase Royalty side, what you should look at is, so this 
is not as such in a pass-through kind of a form, this is at normal margins 
that we would expect, you know, for the company to have on a large deal 
like this. The only thing that is happening is that out of this Purchase 
Royalty, I would say about 40%-45% of the amount presents expense in 
form of Purchase Royalty, which has corresponding revenue with 
adequate margin on the Services side. So, what you would find is there is 
a mismatch in that sense that while you may see this item reflected as we 
could have otherwise reported it as Other Direct Expenses, so in the fact 
sheet we don't presently have that kind of a category, it would have been 
very odd to mention it in that form, but that is the, you know, way you 
need to look at and there is no pass-through or without margin kind of 
thing. I hope that helps you understand the structure. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yeah, sure. So, basically, you're saying that whatever cost is there, there's 
an adequate margin in line with company models and there's no really 
revenue cost mismatch for the quarter, which would come later, fair 
understanding? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
Sunil Sapre: 
Absolutely. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
And Nitin, to add to that, when we are successful in scaling our support 
business for the extended support, this should be a significant margin 
enhancer and we've already won our first deal in extended support. So, as 
it builds up, this is a pretty good, you know, business model along with, 
you know, obviously the Services revenue that we're getting on developing 
the next generation products. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, perfect. This is very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yeah. So, two questions. One is the increase in IP-led person months, I 
think after long gap is there some change in thought process there or is it 
also related to the deal that you were explaining in the previous question? 
That's one and the related part is it really part of billable when you 
calculate billable or these guys are separate who are not billable because 
they're part of IP? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, IP business is IP businesses, it is not like a T&M that, you know, it is 
basically you can correlate the IP-led person months to that quarter’s 
revenue 100% directly, it doesn't work that way. So, it is basically, 
sometimes we are investing in forward-looking line in doing extensions of 
the existing products or in this particular case it is both - we are working 
on developing extensions to whatever products we have, whether it was 
our products or otherwise and we have done a significant amount of 
investment in building a practice around Viva, which we also did a press 
release with Microsoft a few days back and we are also integrating that 
with OpenAI. So that is our foray in terms of getting into the next 
generation technologies and so on, whether it is on the employee 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
productivity, whether it is on generative AI and so on. So, that's where we 
put our money to work where we want to. 
Mohit Jain: 
But is it also related to some product development, like are you guys 
starting to develop some new product as well on the IP side? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, see the generative AI component and the Viva things that we have 
developed, these are like reusable components. These are not full-blown 
products, but they need people to be put onto a focused way of developing 
these and enhancing this and that is how we will differentiate ourselves in 
the market. So, these are not going to be full-blown products that are 
branded as full-blown products, but these are reusable components that 
we will take to accelerate our Services go-to-market. 
Mohit Jain: 
Understand and on the utilization, are they billable and I'm assuming if 
they're not billable, then if you could give some number for employee 
addition in FY24? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, okay. As far as the employee addition for FY24 is concerned, look, that 
will directly be in line with the revenue growth that we expect to come and 
since we don't give forward-looking guidance and we've already talked 
about it earlier in the call. In terms of fresher hiring, I can give you a 
number roughly, about 850-1,000 freshers is what we will hire in the next 
year, so that is where it is and from a billability perspective, yeah we do 
cost this whatever we are putting in the IP side as billable. You know, 
somewhere 
we 
are 
putting 
that 
cost 
towards 
the 
product 
development/reusable component. 
Mohit Jain: 
800-1,000 is that the right number for fresher intake? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
850-1,000 freshers, laterals will be obviously as we need.  
Mohit Jain: 
And you do not see much scope of increasing utilization, this will be in sync 
with the revenues, revenue growth? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Utilization, we have we have a good scope of, you know, that is definitely 
a lever for us right now. We are pretty much, if you look at it, 77% or 
thereabouts offshore. We can, over a period of time in a disciplined 
approach, there is enough to be done to take it to 82%-83% offshore and 
even onsite we have levers. Now, obviously keep in mind this utilization 
figure that we are talking about includes freshers that have been brought 
into the billable pool over the last quarter and earlier quarters.  So, as these 
freshers get to be productive, that's a significant margin lever for us and it 
will show up in the utilization metric. So, there is definitely that inventory 
we are carrying, the new inventory we will build up over the year with the 
freshers we will have and then whatever laterals we need to hire, we will 
hire. That should also give you the overall color commentary on what 
would be the total headcount additions for the next year. 
Mohit Jain: 
Perfect Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As per time restriction, we request participants to ask one 
question at a time.  Next question is from Dipesh Mehta. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. I just want to get sense about the M&A, 
you also indicated now we are back to active kind of thing, so the priority 
in terms of tuck-in versus scale acquisition, and if you can provide some 
perspective, last time we have seen some bunch of kind of things in some 
of the area earlier you highlighted, but if you give some sense about what 
we intend to do with the M&A from overall strategy perspective, because 
one of the things you highlighted from strategy perspective, supersizing 
existing accounts, so if you can give some holistic answer. Thanks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, look we've always said we will acquire for capabilities and not for 
revenue. So, in simple terms we are looking at adding more capabilities, 
which we can take to our existing customers and build more revenue in 
those existing customers as well as, you know, through that we get more 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
newer customers that we can mine for our capabilities that would be a 
great addition. That is what we have done earlier when we have acquired 
companies on the Azure side on the GCP side and so on. And just to give 
you a context for example, we won a USD 70 million deal in the last quarter 
that was a combination of our data integration capabilities, which was built 
on our capabilities along with the CAPIOT acquisition that we have done.  
It also had a significant amount of Google stack, so our MediaAgility 
acquisition that we had done, which is now our Google Business Unit, a 
combination of our Persistent capabilities in Google work and 
MediaAgility, so those two plus a few other combinations led to that USD 
70 million-plus. So, from that perspective, we are looking at a string of 
pearls in areas whether it is Consumer Technology, Cybersecurity, 
generative AI, or in specific areas within Healthcare or BFSI and from a 
geography perspective in Eastern Europe from a delivery perspective. So, 
that is the landscape, that is what we are looking at and, you know, we will 
do a tuck in acquisition wherever we get in the right capability over a 
period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Karan Uppal. Yes, Karan go ahead.  Okay. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Karan, we are not able to hear you. 
Karan Uppal: 
In the last five years, so how are you thinking in terms of capital allocation 
in medium term when the macro is tougher? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, we lost the first part of your question, if you can repeat the question 
please? 
Karan Uppal: 
Yeah, I was asking in terms of capital allocation, the payout has been quite 
handsome this year at 42% versus average of 28% in last five years, so how 
are you thinking in terms of payout in the medium term when the macro 
is tougher? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, from our perspective, this year was a special year. So, in our 
company's 33-year history, this is the first time we have had a billion 
dollars from annual revenue perspective and we wanted to thank our 
investors as well, so that is the reason the payout ratio is higher. We have 
a very defined policy on payout ratios and as we have said we will do a 
good combination between providing dividends and doing tuck-in 
acquisitions for growth and that also should answer a question that is there 
on the chat. So from that perspective, rest assured, our focus is to bring in 
the right capital allocation towards acquisitions, which will aid our growth 
and which will also fuel obviously various different parameters further. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  We will take one last question from Mr. Abhishek Shindadkar. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First, a clarification, the hyperscaler 
revenue, is it lost or it is, you know, delayed? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, it is an existing project, which was ramped down, so it is lost in that 
parlance and at the same time there, are many other discussions where 
we have said very clearly over the next several quarters, we'll recoup that 
amount of revenue and maybe even more. So, that is where it is.  So, in 
simple terms, it's lost. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Okay, got it and on revenue growth, Sandeep you mentioned that you 
expect, you know, at least softness to last for two quarters and then you 
also kind of highlighted, you know, 3%-5% kind of growth. So if I reconcile 
those two, are we looking at a back-ended growth with softness in H1 or, 
you know, we are expecting a consistent growth across all the four 
quarters? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, a consistent and a growing trend is what I would say. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Okay and just one follow up on earlier question, it seemed like we are 
going back on the end-of-lifecycle product investments to the earlier 
question of Bhavik if I'm correct. Is this a change in strategy that, you know, 
from a pure OPD focus that we were running for the past two years, are 
we going back to the end-of-lifecycle product investment strategy? 
Thanks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, from a strategy perspective, no. From an opportunistic perspective, if 
it is at a company profitability and better and gives us access to enterprise 
customers, where we can go and mine and sell many other services and it 
makes business sense for us and our stakeholders, absolutely we will be 
opportunistic about it, but from a strategy perspective, no. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Thank you for taking my question and best wishes on a great quarter. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you very much to the Persistent 
management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent Systems 
Limited, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you. 
 
 
****************************************************************************** 
