 
 
 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
Registered Office: Yashad Bhawan, Udaipur (Rajasthan) - 313 004 
Tel.: (91-294)6604000-02, Fax: (91-294) 2427739 
CIN: L27204RJ1966PLC001208, www.hzlindia.com    
 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
                                                                                                                                                                                               
HZL/2022-SECY/ 
 
January 23, 2023 
 
 
 
BSE Limited               
 
National Stock Exchange of (India) Ltd.       
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
 
“Exchange Plaza” Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 
 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Kind Attn: - General Manager, 
 
Kind Attn:- Head - Listing & Corporate 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
 
Communications 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500188 
 
Trading Symbol: HINDZINC-EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: - Earnings call Transcript for the Third Quarter and Nine months Ended December 31, 2022 
 
This is further to our letters dated January 20, 2023, the Company had hosted an earnings conference 
call with investors and analyst on Thursday, January 19, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the 
Company for the Third Quarter and Nine months Ended December 31, 2022. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call. The same is also made available on the 
Company’s website at https://www.hzlindia.com/investors/reports-press-releases/. 
 
Request you to take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
 
 
(R Pandwal) 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above. 
RAJEND
RA 
PANDW
AL
Digitally signed 
by RAJENDRA 
PANDWAL 
Date: 
2023.01.23 
16:49:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
 
 
 
 
“Hindustan Zinc Limited 
Q3 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN MISRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP MODI – DEPUTY AND INTERIM CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 
 
MS. JHALAK RASTOGI – ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – HINDUSTAN ZINC LIMITED 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hindustan Zinc Limited Third Quarter FY 
2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Jhalak Rastogi, Associate Director, Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you Ms. Rastogi. 
Jhalak Rastogi: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to Hindustan Zinc's third quarter and 9 
months ending 31st December, '22 results briefing. On behalf of Hindustan Zinc, I wish you and 
your family a very happy new year 2023. In this call, we will refer to Q3 FY '23 Investor 
presentation available on our company's website. Some of the information on this call may be 
forward-looking in nature and is covered by the Safe Harbor language on Slide number 2 of the 
said presentation. 
Today on the call we have with us our CEO, Mr. Arun Misra and our Deputy and Interim CFO, 
Mr. Sandeep Modi. Mr. Misra will begin with an update on business performance, while Mr. 
Modi will walk you through financial performance, after which, we'll open the floor for 
questions. I now request Mr. Misra to begin today's call. Over to you, sir. 
Arun Misra: 
Thank you, Jhalak. A very good evening to all of you. First of all, I would like to wish you and 
your family a very happy new year 2023. Thank you for joining us today for the third quarter 
and 9 months of FY '23 results briefing. This quarter, the key themes and highlights remain 
sustainability and community at Hindustan Zinc. Mentioning a few of the initiatives during the 
quarter Zinc family participated in Run for Zero Hunger Vedanta Delhi and Pink City Half 
Marathon, rolled out an electric vehicle policy for the employees under evolving for good 
initiative, successfully organized 6th edition of Vedanta Udaipur World Music Festival and 
hosted India's largest and first underground All India Mine Rescue Competition and now we are 
thrilled to enter into the New Year and the last quarter of this financial year with great vigor, 
towering optimism and growing opportunities and fresh targets. 
Coming to our key priorities on safety front, we are extremely mindful and conscious of the 
fatalities happened during first half of FY '23 and the working committee have been regularly 
identifying critical areas requiring improvement to address potential risk and have been 
determined to provide support to our people wherever required. 
This quarter, it gives me satisfaction to report a fatality-free operations. Safety and people are 
the most important pillar and priority for us at Hindustan Zinc and it is our commitment and 
vision to ensure that all our employees return home safely. Zinc safety team continues to drive 
various projects and initiatives in order to meet our vision of eliminating fatalities and serious 
injuries. It is heartening to see the efforts of entire Zinc leadership team fortifying. 
An update on our key priority. In ESG, in line with our commitment to net-zero by 2050, I'm 
happy to share that we have received Board approval to undertake another long-term captive 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
renewable power delivery plan up to a capacity of 250 megawatt for a further investment up to 
INR 438 crores. I'm also delighted to inform you that Hindustan Zinc has secured third place 
globally and first overall in Asia Pacific at Standard & Poor's Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment score in metal and mining sector. 
We have been recognized as A minus category in climate change and water security in CDP 
2022, a movement upwards from last year performance. In addition, power plants at Dariba 
smelting complex and Zawar received Platinum awards at FAME Excellence Awards 2022 in 
energy efficiency and best practices of industrial water management categories, respectively. 
These recognitions play a significant role in motivating us to march ahead in our ESG journey.  
Coming to an update on our on-ground CSR activities, it gives me immense pride to inform you 
that Hindustan Zinc has been felicitated with S&P Global Platts award and our seven units have 
been bestowed with the 26th Bhamashah award reflecting our commitment for the remarkable 
work undertaken in the field of education related community development initiatives. These 
recognition of our continued commitment towards education gives a sense of satisfaction to each 
one of us. 
Our CSR team continues to strive towards making positive impact across array of fields and they 
are delivering on various initiatives and activities across the areas of education, sustainable 
livelihoods, women empowerment, health, community asset creation, and water and sports and 
culture through their well-rounded on ground efforts. Strengthening our commitment towards 
health of our local communities, Hindustan Zinc provided an oncology vehicle for early 
detection of various cancers to Rabindranath Tagore Medical Institution on its 60th foundation 
day. 
I would like to share that two of our Zinc football players got selected in the national camp. Also 
our football player made their debut in All India Football Federation Elite Under 17 Youth Cup 
with incredible wins over top Indian youth teams and the under 17 team of Zinc football players 
finished third in the 18th Edition of Administrator's Challenge Cup held in Chandigarh.  
Moving on to the market, overall picture remains similar to previous quarter. The global 
economy continues to be impacted by the multiple forces including inflationary pressure, 
Russia-Ukraine war and slowdown of Chinese economy. Inflation has been universal impacting 
almost everybody globally and the measures are being taken to combat these forces, the impact 
of which is expected to show in subsequent year. This quarter has seen the peak of it, with China 
reopening faster than expected and easing of power prices, along with unusually warm winter in 
Europe, a tepid rebound is expected, resulting in slight lowering inflation and slowing growth.  
For 2023, IMF projection suggests weak or no growth for most major economies, then gradual 
recovery in 2024. IMF forecasted the global growth of 3.2% in 2022 and 2.7% in 2023. And the 
global inflation to decline to 6.5% by 2023 from 8.8% in 2022. The growth number for India 
has been forecasted at 6.8% for 2022 and 6.1% for 2023 reflecting resilience despite a 
challenging external environment.  

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Supply and demand forces remain underperforming on the supply side, smelters all across the 
world face an acute margin squeeze due to rolling energy crisis. Energy crisis has brought news 
of smelters being put up into care and maintenance leading to concerns around the supply of 
metal. 
At the end of December, LME stocks stood at about 30,000 tons as compared to 140,000 tons at 
the start of the year at April 2022. Whereas stocks in SHFE warehouse at the end of December 
stood at 20,000 tons compared to 176,000 tons at the start of April 2022. With exchange stocks 
falling to multi-decade lows, spot premiums in Europe remain well supported at elevated levels.  
On demand side, global uncertainties have started showing early signs of slowdown in the metal 
demand. Global consumption fell by 1.4% in 2022 to 13.8 million ton. Rapid easing of COVID 
restrictions in China and slowdown in US inflation initially boosted the zinc price. However, 
considering the wave of infections surging across China is likely to disrupt the economy well 
into next quarter, the price lost ground. In 2023, the relaxation of COVID restrictions in China 
and infrastructure push in USA will be the main driving force behind the forecast recovery in 
demand which is projected to grow by 1.4% to 13.98 million tons. The S&P Global Eurozone 
Construction PMI fell to 43.6 in November from 56.5 in April, on account of higher costs and 
supply chain constraints which affected output as well as demand.  
Touching briefly on lead, lead prices witnessed an upsurge in the quarter and closed out at $2,335 
per ton, an approximate improvement of 24% from September 2022. Global lead demand is 
expected to rise in the medium term due to steady new vehicle and replacement battery use, as 
well as utilization of lead batteries in EVs for auxiliary functions. Lead demand is expected to 
exceed supply in 2022 and 2023. Global supply is set to fall 0.3% 12.34 million tons because of 
lower output in Russia, Ukraine and Germany. At the same time, global demand is set to rise 
0.8% to 12.42 million tons following a modest rise in Chinese demand due to lead acid battery 
exports. 
Coming to silver, prices witnessed an upside in the quarter and closed out at $23.95 per troy 
ounce. The supply side looks to be diminishing. Silver inventory is a 2-year low globally while 
output from mines has also been dropping continuously, making silver attractive for the medium 
term. Further, silver demand in the solar power sector is expected to continue to grow as nations 
look to develop green energy.  
On the domestic front, the economic environment in India remains buoyant. The sentiment is 
buoyed by optimism that demand will remain strong. This was reflected in S&P Global 
Manufacturing PMI in December 2022, which was at 57.8, indicative of expansion in the 
manufacturing activity. Further, the Indian economy is on track to achieve 6.8% to 7% GDP 
growth in the current fiscal and is in the better position to navigate global headwinds than other 
major emerging economies.  
With the union budget coming in, government's focus is expected to remain on infrastructure 
development, which will see the consumption of zinc grow separately in 2023.  

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Now turning to our third quarter results, starting with key highlights on Page 9. 
I am delighted to inform that Hindustan Zinc has delivered a record nine-month production with 
highest ever mined metal and refined metal. And with this run rate, we are fully geared to deliver 
another stellar performance this year. Mined metal for nine months was up by 5.4% year-on-
year and refined metal was up 7.9% year-on-year. With consistent MIC flow from mines and 
better plant availability, our volume delivery has been on the up curve and we are on the right 
track. The quarter performance on a consolidated basis was impacted by rising input costs, 
inflationary pressures and unfavorable macros. And amid these challenging macroeconomic 
environment, we delivered a strong EBITDA margin of 52%. We have also been up to speed in 
some key projects. For our fertilizer plant, we have locked in partner, roster and alloy plants are 
also in advanced stage. 
On strategic developments, I'm happy to share that the Board has approved the acquisition of 
THL Zinc Limited having zinc mines across South Africa and Namibia subject to receipt of 
requisite regulatory approval. This zinc assets have an R&R about 35 million tons, which is 
equivalent to that of Hindustan Zinc. This will help drive our growth inorganically by creating 
substantial synergies and unlocking values.  
I'm also happy to inform that Hindustan Zinc has now REACH registered, which will enable us 
to penetrate the European market. We have started selling in Europe and consider it a good 
opportunity to expand our market base farther. 
All this while, we continue to export to our neighborhood countries and Southeast Asia with 
continuous new developments and increased momentum in projects along with valuable 
learnings and some of the key structural changes that we have discussed over the last few 
quarters alongside increased use of technology as well as learning deployed, we are confident to 
deliver the projected volumes for FY '23 and move even beyond the same in coming years. 
Having said that, our production guidance for the fiscal year remains unchanged.  
With this, I hand over the call to Sandeep for an update on the financial performance. Thank 
you. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thank you, Mr. Misra, and very good afternoon, everyone. Hindustan Zinc has delivered a 
record-setting operational and financial performance with highest ever nine months revenue and 
EBITDA along with PAT and have delivered another set of strong results despite the global cues 
and input commodity inflation. We have laid a strong foundation for this landmark year by 
achieving a significant milestone of historic high nine months volume. 
The last few months have seen the global economies grapple with inflation despite which we are 
strongly moving forward, demonstrating our determination and resilience. Our quarterly 
performance was better by operational efficiency initiatives and volume deliveries, keeping us 
ahead in this ever evolving and volatile business environment. Refer to Slide 16 for an update 
on our financial performance for the third quarter and nine months ended December '22.  

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
For the first nine months of FY '23, revenue from operations stood at INR 25,589 crores, an 
improvement of 24% from the same period last year. This was supported by improved zinc LME 
and volume, gains from strategic results, favorable exchange rates and better lead and silver 
volume, which was partially offset by lower lead and silver prices.  
Revenue from operation during the quarter was at INR 7,866 crores, down by 2% Y-o-Y majorly 
on account of lower zinc, lead and silver prices, lower refined metal and silver volumes which 
was partially offset by favorable exchange rate and gains from strategic hedging. 
Sequentially, revenue decreased 6% primarily due to lower zinc prices, lower lead and silver 
volume and lower gains from strategic hedging, partially offset by favorable exchange rates, 
improved zinc volume and improved lead and silver prices.  
For the nine months, the COP stood at $1,272 per ton, 14% higher Y-o-Y in USD term and 22% 
higher in INR terms. The COP was up mainly on account of elevated coal prices, poor domestic 
linkage coal availability, and input commodity inflation. It got partially offset by higher volume 
and improved operational efficiencies. Zinc cost of production before royalty during the quarter 
was US $1,293 per ton, higher by 13% Y-o-Y and 3% sequentially. In INR terms, it was 24% 
Y-o-Y and 6% sequentially for the same reason. Further for quarter-on-quarter, it was higher on 
account of consumption of high price fuel inventory coinciding with lower acid prices and grade.  
The resulting EBITDA for nine months of FY '23 was at INR 13,382 crores, an increase of 19% 
Y-o-Y driven by improved metal and silver volumes, higher zinc LME prices and gains from 
strategic hedging and favorable exchange rates partially offset by higher costs and lower lead 
and silver prices.  
EBITDA for the quarter was INR 3,717 crores, down 15% Y-o-Y and 15% sequentially as well. 
This movement was primarily driven by lower revenue due to zinc prices coinciding with 
increased cost on account of prevailing input commodity inflationary environment. Please refer 
to EBITDA bridge from Slide 18 to 20 for further details. 
Net profit for the nine months FY '23 was INR 7,928 crores, a growth of 18% Y-o-Y led by 
higher EBITDA marginally offset by increase in Tax. Net profit for the quarter stood at INR 
2,156 crores, down 20% Y-o-Y and sequentially, majorly on account of lower EBITDA offset 
by lower tax expense.  
ETR for the third quarter was close to 32% and if we see for nine-months, it will be 
approximately 33%. That said, our cash tax is much lower due to available MAT credit. Once 
you move to new tax regime for the next financial year, our tax rate will be around 25%.  
I'm happy to inform that Board has further approved a third interim dividend of INR 13 per 
equity share amounting to rupees approximately INR 5,500 crores. This reinforces our 
commitment of providing superior shareholder returns continuously.  

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Entering Q4 '23 with softened coal index, we will increase optimism on coal availability 
domestically, we are confident on meeting our annual guidance and there by maintaining our 
leadership in the global zinc cost curve.  
Further, as mentioned by Mr. Misra, with the new RE power tie-ups coming in, it will not only 
further improve the cost predictability, but will also contribute towards the improvement of cost 
structure in the longer term. 
With this, I now open the floor for your questions. 
Moderator: 
 
First question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have couple of questions. The first one is on the brand and the strategic management services 
to Vedanta that agreemented 2% of consolidated turnover. So just wanted to understand what 
was the need of this agreement at this point in time and how will Vedanta contribute more 
meaningfully than it was already doing? And if you can highlight the broad contours of the 
agreement that would be great. Does it carry any escalation clause and all? So this is the first 
question. 
Arun Misra: 
So if you look at it, it was long overdue. It is not at this point of time, we're beginning something. 
It is long overdue. Hindustan Zinc has been benefiting from the association of Vedanta, not only 
as per the brand of Vedanta is concerned as a global resource company as well as various 
strategic services that it receives from Vedanta, including management assurance system 
services which is very comforting for all shareholders, while also all the growth trajectory of 
Hindustan Zinc has been always guided by the risk-taking ability of Vedanta. 
So that, if you factor those two and also induction of more and more digital, more and more 
automation, completely revamping the management structure, ensuring various centrally guided 
management control systems, has taken Hindustan Zinc to the level at which we are operating 
today. And so this, in my opinion, was long overdue. We have got the approval today. 
And I think this is in line with the practices adopted by most of the multinationals or bigger 
companies, where the units received strategic services and the benefit of association with the 
principal brand, which the group is known for. 
Amit Dixit: 
Is there any escalation clause also that this 2% can move to -- by certain bps after few years or 
something? If you can share some broad contours the timeline of the agreement if there is any, 
that would be helpful? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, Amit, this is Sandeep here. As of now, this is 2%. As and when anything Board approves, it 
will be -- we will come to you. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is subscription of shares in THL Zinc. Now if I look at the consideration 
that is being paid and the EBITDA that this asset generates, it looks that it is higher valuation 
compared to global peers. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
So while I understand the synergy part, I mean, but just wanted to understand that is the synergy 
-- and there would be any -- well, the synergy between the operations because you operate in 
different territories altogether. So just wanted to understand what kind of synergies we are 
looking at to pay a premium of according to my calculations, the EV/EBITDA works out to 8.5x. 
So just wanted to understand it? 
Arun Misra: 
So right now, they are principally operating one underground mine and one big Gamsberg open 
pit mine. This is one of the biggest open pit mines in the world with the zinc ore in it. And at 
this time we are entering you can see the equivalence between what Hindustan Zinc was 
sometime around 2006-2007 or 2007-2008. 
So we have got resource for open cast mining for some more years while at the same time there 
are really good grade resource, which has to be developed in the manner of underground. And 
Hindustan Zinc which brings in the expertise of high-volume underground mining in the most 
modern methodology and also Hindustan Zinc brings in which is the capability for concentration 
of the ore as well as smelting of ore, which will be the value addition to the property that we try 
to acquire.  
Together, the resource base of Hindustan Zinc gets doubled by this acquisition and also the 
potential of production capacity gets doubled up to 2 million ton with 1 million ton from India 
and 1 million ton from South Africa, two different geographies, but two having fully integrated 
operations which almost nobody has. And with this kind of capacity with independent markets 
wherein India will be on India, Southeast Asia. Africa would be more on the US and Europe 
territory or Middle East territory.  
So with that two together, we will be controlling a large part of global market. At the same time, 
we will be utilizing the capability that Hindustan Zinc has developed over last so many years of 
operation of concentrates and smelters and also Hindustan Zinc will help this new unit to 
transition into underground mining in a very safe and very productive manner. 
So put if I look at it in other way, almost 31 million tons resource base with Hindustan Zinc 
market cap of about 17 billion, 18 billion. So we are similar resource base there and similar 
production potential is there. So that's why to me, it is strategically one of the best decisions that 
Board could have taken. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, just a comment. I mean, the potential was always there and there were challenges in 
developing this resource. Now paying a premium, paying the valuation 8.5 as I mentioned, looks 
little bit steep in my view. And while I understand the overall potential of these resource, but the 
-- but how much time you will take to kind of bring it online and this benefits basically onboard? 
Plus the premium part makes it a tad and comfortable nothing else. 
Arun Misra: 
So Amit, all factors were duly considered while taking this decision. Just to give better comfort, 
the current operation at that unit is about 300,000 tons of metal in concentrate production and 
they are -- and already the projects have been commissioned on the ground to double this 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
capacity in next two years' time. And parallelly we are working on the smelting capacity. So 
very soon, the capacity can be doubled at that place. 
And while we launch further projects to take it up to 1 million ton as has been the vision. And 
that's why I'm saying, it is at the inflection point, what we -- what Hindustan Zinc was sometime 
in 2006, 2007, 2008 or so when the new acquirer were planning for expansion of this mine, 
which was hardly at one nineth or one tenth of capacity as it is standing today. Rest, all factors 
have been duly considered while doing the approval. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Pinakin Parekh from JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
I have two questions. My first question is given that it's a related party transaction, how will the 
government stake be considered when the voting comes? Is it a minority stake and hence they 
would have to approve the transactions or is their approval not required?  
Moderator: 
 
Your voice is not very clear. May I request to come in a better reception area please? 
Pinakin Parekh: 
So just how will the government stake be considered and have they given their in principle 
approval for the transaction? 
Arun Misra: 
We have the -- this is the approved by the Board. And, of course, the Board approval follows 
approval or recommendations by the Audit Committee. And further for course of actions, all due 
approvals will be sought wherever required as per the law. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
So the government nominees on the Board have approved the transaction. Would it be fair to 
say because the government nominees are there? 
Arun Misra: 
When we say Board approval, we don't see individually which director opined what. But we can 
see overall, the Board has approved it. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
And how does the Hindustan Zinc plan to fund this transaction? I mean, how much debt will the 
company be taking to fund this transaction? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, at this point of time, if you see the consideration has been -- the timeline is 18 months and it 
will be in the trenches basis certain milestones. So, I believe most of the transaction will get 
funded in the internal accrual. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Prashant Kumar Kota from Emkay Global. 
Prashanth Kumar Kota: 
Sir, I would like to know more about this transaction. On a scale of 1 to 10, how confident are 
you in terms of getting back -- bringing these assets to the -- the assets being acquired to 1 
million ton per annum output and to quartile one in the costs. So, on a scale of 1 to 10, if you 
could express your confidence, that would be really helpful to us and the investors also? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Arun Misra: 
So from my long 30 years' experience in mining and since the time we moved this proposal to 
Board and the discussions that we had and my own personal involvement in due diligence, I can 
tell you apart from the factoring of 10% uncertainty, which is there in any mining project, I am 
absolutely 90% confident. 
Prashant Kota: 
And sir secondly, you had spoken about the milestones being -- if you could kindly -- broadly 
briefly tell about what are the milestones and that has -- were is related from it, apart from the 
regulatory approval of this? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, there are certain milestones like they have certain approvals, which are required from the 
government for certain tax exemptions kind of thing. So the deferment has been there on account 
of that. The deferred consideration would be payable basis that. So, there are certain milestones 
which they will do. 
Prashant Kota: 
So the broad -- the deadline is 18 months, but do you think this will consummate within that or 
is it front-ended or back-ended if you could -- what do you think -- what's the best guess, sir? 
Arun Misra: 
 
Your voice is not clear. We could not understand. Could you repeat? 
Moderator: 
 
Prashant, may I request you to speak through the handset, please. 
Prashant Kota 
 
Sir, what is your best guess on the timing needed to consummate this particularly? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, if you see our Press Release, basically it talks about the 18 months for completion of the 
transaction which is like acquisition, regulatory approvals, payment in the trenches, so total 18 
months have been put up. In the phase manner there would be a payment. 
Prashant Kota: 
That is outer end. So if it is possible that it could be closed within let's say 6 months… 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
We are expecting the shareholder approval by Feb end. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Systematix Group. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, once again coming on the transaction, so what are the key assets over here in terms of size 
wise and what kind of any number on volumes you can throw, say -- what you can see one year 
after transaction or five years after transaction? I mean what kind of further investments would 
be required? 
Arun Misra: 
So there are two, three things to be seen here. One, let me also give the strategy perspective. If 
Hindustan Zinc is to grow to 2 million ton with Indian resources, it is next to -- it is not possible 
because our current mines, if you look at the expansion programs altogether, we limit at around 
1.2 million ton. But traditionally for last five years, we have been stagnating at around 1 million 
ton only. And for last about two, three years, we have been following up. There has been no new 
zinc mine has been opened up or put up for auction in India. World over also, there is no more 
such properties of that such size which is available for acquisition. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
So in that case, this makes the right choice for Hindustan Zinc to grow. That's what I'd said in 
two different geographies. If the property wise if I look at it, it has got about 35 million ton plus 
R&R. Main properties are located in Gamsberg in South Africa and the Aggeneys in the North 
area in the Northern Cape and close to it is the original dips and Schwertberg mines and also it 
has brought in Skorpion Zinc in Namibia. These are the three biggest properties around with the 
-- all the ores and R&R is available. Today, their open cast mine is fully operational with four 
pits. Underground mine in both dips and Schwertberg are operational as around -- and around 
the expansion part. 
The Gamsberg mine where the 4 pits are already operational. So there altogether, we are 
producing about 300,000 tons of metal in concentrate and the projects are on just now as we 
speak for expansion of Gamsberg mine to take it to 600,000 tons in two years of time, doubling 
the capacity and also looking to put up a smelter in Gamsberg as well as restart the smelter in 
Namibia property, already has a smelter, little bit of modification has to be done. So those will 
be done though at both these capacities to convert 600,000 tons into metal. And then third phase 
of expansion will be by adding another 400,000 tons when you open up the underground 
property in Gamsberg and then get good grade ore which is there at a depth and add another 
400,000 tons. 
Rahul Jain: 
So today already we are doing about INR 2,000 crores EBITDA in the zinc asset, is the right 
way to look at it? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Today -- for nine months zinc asset we must be -- they are doing -- you are asking the currently 
one or you are asking for the future? 
Rahul Jain: 
No, no, current in the sense, these assets that you say which you have elaborated, you already 
have... 
Sandeep Modi: 
I got it. So last year, they closed it at $200 million of EBITDA current -- of the FY '22, but 
currently looking at the run rate, we are going to do between $250 million to $300 million. 
Rahul Jain: 
So how would you break up the acquisition cost in terms of the producing assets as well as the 
second -- the underdevelopment assets? So is there any split on this number, $3 billion? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, their -- so total valuation considered all the aspects, you have to look at the -- it has a 35 
million ton of the R&R. So we see the SRK certified report, we saw the 8 million ton of proven 
reserve remaining in the measured, indicated and inferred category. So we -- while the valuation 
has been done, while the value of all the relevant aspects has been taken into account. And, of 
course, we are focusing more on the ZI project and their growth. And obviously their cash flow 
will also have literally taken into account. We cannot look at only the historical EBITDA to 
follow... 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Rahul Jain: 
No, I absolutely understand. My point is that in terms of the multiple that you would have given 
for the assets which are already existing and for assets which are under development, can you 
give a breakup of that? 
Sandeep Modi: 
I think just for the time, we would like to avoid. Just of the overall million of the R&R, so 35 
million ton of R&R for which we are deciding the payment of $ 2,981 Million. 
Rahul Jain: 
You are saying -- say number of kt currently, you can reach to 600 and then what is the time -- 
what is the number in mind? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
Overall 1 million ton is the number in mind, potentially another Hindustan Zinc 
Rahul Jain: 
 
By 2027 or any -- what is the timeline? 
Arun Misra: 
 
By 2025, it will be 600,000 tons. And by 2027 or 2028, it will be 1 million ton. 
Rahul Jain: 
And where would you place it in terms of the cost curve, where we are at Hindustan Zinc India? 
Was it be similar or... 
Arun Misra: 
 
Parallel to Hindustan Zinc costs curve around, at 1 million ton, it will be around $1,000 per ton. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Just some clarification. I got disconnected in between. So the development of the management 
fees now being paid to Vedanta has it already started. And is there any shareholder or any other 
approval required for this decision? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So, this matter does not fall into any scheduled shareholder agreement. And as per the 
Companies Act and SEBI LODR, it requires the Audit Committee and Board approval. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So what is the limit of transaction with related party that order shareholder approval? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
So, any shareholder approval required, if it is beyond the 5% of the turnover. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And this agreement has been signed for how long? I mean, when is the next revision if at all it 
has to happen? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
So, this agreement will be signed now after the Board approval. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And for what time period? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
We will be signing for the 3 years. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Second, with respect to this acquisition of Zinc International, I mean, they've mentioned the 
payouts will be staggered based on milestone. Just wanted to understand what sort of milestones 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
are these? Are these operational, the volume related milestone or some other regulatory approval 
milestone? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So these are the largely regulatory approvals related to the milestones, but a large chunk of the 
payment will go in the first -- in the next three to six months. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And shareholder approval, we are expecting in? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
So we are hopeful to get shareholder approval by February end. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And what are the other approvals apart from the shareholder approval that would be required? 
Sandeep Modi: 
I think this is a normal acquisition. It will require only shareholder approval to execute the 
transition. I don't think any further approval is required. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So -- but we still expect over 18 months payout. Is that the right understanding? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Because we have the deferred consideration, which has been considered. So that's why it has 
been written to 18 months. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And next year, we are expecting tax rate to be around 25%, right? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
We are expecting next year tax rate 25% as we will move to the new regime. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And just one last clarification. We are continuing with our full-year cost guidance and the 
volume guidance? Because this press release, it does not mention anything. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Of course, we are maintaining the same thing, the volume as Mr. Misra said, we have the right 
path and we should be in that range or may be marginally better. In terms of cost, as of now, it's 
like nine months $ 1,272 per ton and we are expecting in the Q4 with a -- lowering with a coal 
index and better putting the linkage coal availability. We should be in a much -- we should -- we 
are 100% confident we will be in the range which were given to the market for $ 1,225 to 1,275 
per ton. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir, just if you could repeat what's the cost of production we are looking at for the fourth quarter 
and is that number actually... 
Sandeep Modi: 
So I think for the fourth quarter, we can't specify, but overall what market guidance we've given 
$ 1,225 to 1,275 per ton, we will be within that. 
Alok Deora: 
And also sir on the acquisition, so how much debt we are looking at or to take from the market 
for that? Because you mentioned in the press release of some external debt as well. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Sandeep Modi: 
At this point of time as I said, it should be largely funded through the internal accrual as simply 
I gave the answer, when some another analyst asked. So it will be largely funded through the 
internal accruals. We're just putting as an enabling thing. 
Alok Deora: 
 
And sir, just one more thing... 
Sandeep Modi: 
If you see on the overall balance sheet size, INR 16,482 crores there and we are having the Q4 
cash flow will also be there, so -- and trenches will be there. So it means at the net debt level, 
we'll be obviously exceeding those numbers. 
Alok Deora: 
And sir just last question on this coal linkage, so how is the situation there now? What can be 
expected in Q4? 
Arun Misra: 
We have seen slight improvement in the coal linkage from quarter 3, but still not up to our 
satisfaction. We believe that from February onwards, we will get much -- that the indications 
are from the coal authorities that the linkage numbers are going to increase, number of rakes that 
we get per month. So Q4 numbers will be better than what it was in Q3. At the same time, our 
high costs stock of the imported coal is almost -- will be over the January end. February, March, 
we should be getting more of low cost imported coal, so we should get that benefit. 
Alok Deora: 
Just one actually follow-up question. Sir, so, with this acquisition, assuming it goes through. So 
next, say, three to four years, what kind of numbers we are looking at on the mining side? I 
mean, how much can we do with that? Because that ramp up everything which you were talking 
about, will take its own time. So any number for FY say three to four years down the line, we 
can look at? 
Arun Misra: 
Four years down the line, see Hindustan Zinc will stagnate at about 1.1-million-ton metal level. 
And in two years' time, I should look at somewhere around 300,000 tons of current production, 
we will go to 600,000 tons in case of ZI in their MIC. And in four years' time, they should be 
close to one million ton. 
Alok Deora: 
 
So combined two million could be achieved in four years' time. 
Arun Misra: 
 
Combined 2 million could be achieved. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
First, congratulations for the master stroke. Sir, I just have a couple of queries. One is if I read 
the press release right, basically it's an overseas entity transacting with a wholly owned 
subsidiary, which is also overseas entity. So would it be fair to assume that there won't be an 
element of long-term capital gains tax? 
Sandeep Modi: 
 
No. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir second clarification, I think in one of the prior questions, it was asked that there is no majority 
of minority required? And you did indicate that it is not required? Did I hear it right? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Majority of minority will be required in the shareholder approval. We said shareholder approval 
is required. As per the SEBI LODR, since the related party transactions, we will require majority 
of the minority. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I would want to go back to the transaction. In terms of the approvals, while you said that the 
shareholder approval is targeted in February. And at the same point of time, there is a deferred 
consideration which is linked to the regulatory milestones. So which are these regulatory 
approvals, which we envisage over 18 months? Could you elaborate more on this? 
Sandeep Modi: 
I think we are not talking about regulatory approvals in India. We are taking certain regulatory 
approvals, which we -- the entity would require in their respective geographies. Once they 
receive it, then it will be paid to them. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
So this is basically the approval in South Africa and Namibia related to transfer of ownership to 
another subsidiary? Is that… 
Arun Misra: 
 
Correct. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
And then in terms of -- would you also sort of give us a pro forma net debt number, net cash 
number for Hindustan Zinc after completion of this transaction? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So if we see like $2.4 billion is immediate cash consideration and Hindustan Zinc is sitting as of 
now about INR 16,500 crore. And in the Q4, whatever the number, I can't estimate and predict, 
but at this point of time if you say that given the performance which we have, we will be having 
-- we should be having a good amount of balance. And even after paying off this, we will be 
having a very good asset in our books. 
So net pro forma number is obviously when we purchase any asset, the cash will go, but at the 
same time, we'll get the asset which is not available globally at such kind of large 35-million-
ton R&R. So I will pay the cash and I will get the such a beautiful asset which we will add to 
the Hindustan Zinc and make Hindustan Zinc total almost 13% of the market share globally in 
the zinc and make #1 zinc producer company. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Ashish Kejriwal 
Sir, just one clarification. In this transaction, whether government will be considered as minority 
or it's a part of the promoter group? 
Arun Misra: 
So, we are -- as of now, we have only got the Board approval and we will go for shareholder's 
approval and we will see it at that point of time. As of now, we are not making any opinion on 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sensitivity: Public (C4) 
such things, which are subject to legal opinion. And perhaps me and Sandeep are not in the best 
place to comment on such things. 
Ashish Kejriwal 
And secondly, when you are saying that all money, this $2.9 billion, that will be paid to Vedanta 
only? Or there will be some infusion into zinc international also on account of this? This is 
entirely different from whatever capex we are talking about. 
Sandeep Modi: 
So if you understand the total valuation, it has been done on the DCF method for that and 20% 
of the payment is deferred. And majority payment will be paid immediately after the shareholder 
approval as I said. And the payment will go to obviously to the Vedanta Limited. And whatever 
the future projects are there, it will be like funded by Zinc International as they will be having 
their own cash division, lot of projects are coming on the line. 
Ashish Kejriwal 
 
And sir when you are talking about up to 2.98? 
Arun Misra: 
Also note that entity is largely debt free entity. So, we have got strong balance on their side also 
to draw cash and infuse into their own business. 
Ashish Kejriwal 
So, when you are talking about up to $2.98 billion, so what's the possibility of coming down or 
something because it's a fixed transaction? So is this somewhat variable attached to it? 
Sandeep Modi: 
So as I say $2.4 billion roughly is an immediate cash consideration and remaining $550 million 
is up to the milestone. When the milestones are achieved, that time it will be paid. So that's why 
you see the transaction timelines going to 18 months. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that will be the last question for today. I now hand the conference over 
to Ms. Jhalak Rastogi for closing comments. 
Jhalak Rastogi 
Thank you, everyone. With this, we close today's earnings call. For any follow-up questions or 
clarifications on the results, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hindustan Zinc Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
