Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2022-23 
February 13, 2023 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2022 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2022 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on February 6, 
2023. 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.suvenpharm.com/index.php/investors/financial-info/quarterly-release
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
HANUMAN
THA RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed by HANUMANTHA RAO KOKKONDA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=500008, st=TELANGANA, 
l=HYDERABAD, o=Personal, title=3012, 
serialNumber=f8be5b73cc74b67b3d4b6f96be79cb67c4314
3de2a0bc45fc9a66cf27541d0a0, 
pseudonym=301220220502170840052, 
2.5.4.20=f03e2ddbfb640c4ca080af24bd272a7536b81843ca5
d65e0c06a01012fc89f51, 
email=KHRAO@SUVENPHARM.COM, cn=HANUMANTHA 
RAO KOKKONDA 
Date: 2023.02.13 17:16:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 7, 2023 
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on this call to discuss the Q3 
and 9M FY23 Earnings for Suven Pharmaceuticals. 
We have with us Mr. Venkat Jasti – the Managing Director; and Mr. 
Venkatraman Sunder – Vice President (Corporate Affairs); and Mr. P Subba 
Rao – CFO of the company. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's performance have been 
emailed to you earlier. 
I would now like to request Mr. Jasti to share his perspectives on the 
performance and outlook. Over to you, sir. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, Rishab. And good afternoon, everyone for tuning in to the updates 
on our Q3 & 9M FY23 results of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
As you know, we have a quarter-on-quarter sequential increase in the revenue, 
but if you see the 9 months, it’s more or less flat. At the same time, the EBITDA 
is less by about Rs. 13 crores odd mainly due to the product mix. As you know, 
the Specialty Chemical has more or less equal to the number for the 
corresponding period last year, we have achieved it in this quarter 3 itself. With 
seasonality update, when the growth starts coming in, the trend sometimes it 
will be moved ahead or sometimes it may be moved backward and this time it 
has moved to the third quarter itself and we’ll be going into fourth quarter with 
this growth. This will keep happening and it may not be the same year-on-year. 
Next time, it may be a little bit later also, if possible, but it will be bunched up in 
1 quarter like compared to the last year third quarter, this year third quarter, the 
Specialty Chemical has almost doubled. But whereas the CRAMS has come 
down and mainly due to the COVID revenue out this year. And as we mentioned 
originally in the beginning of the year because of the less COVID molecules, 
the revenue will be down by around 5% or so. And in the middle of the year, we 
have said maybe able to catch up to the flattish compared to last year number 
or maybe a little bit better. 
So, as now this thing stands, I think maybe we'll be able to come to the same 
number as last year, maybe a slight growth of earnings too also is a possibility. 
And if you see on the macro level, since I cannot give you any kind of 
projections, as our visibility is only 6 months, I just wanted to give some kind of 

Page 2 of 10 
macro scenario, as you know, the CDMO businesses is globally growing around 
77% with target price of above Rs. 130-140 million. And after this COVID 
debacle, now the R&D thing is coming back from the global pharma into the 
medial field. And, we have heard from our customers during the CPHI in 
November that they're also looking to change from China to other countries and 
India is likely to get benefitted. It may not happen overnight, but the things are 
going in the right direction. 
So, it’s what we have created over the last 20 years, we'll be doing customer 
interaction for customer stickiness and more opportunities for us with increasing 
capacities and increased chemistries. Well, as you know, we have been doing 
very good for the last 4 years with a CAGR of over 41% growth. 
So, all-in-all, you may see this up and down as you know in our business 
models, it's not quarter-on-quarter, sometimes it may not be year-on-year, but 
at the same time things are looking good. But there will be ups and downs in 
between and most of you are well aware of it. I think the long-term growth 
prospects are very good and we expect that to benefit us in the long run, 
especially with the China Plus One or China Minus One whichever way you call 
it. I think all-in-all, we look good, but this is the status as of now. I think it’s a 
better only to answer you rather than giving you most of the outlook. 
So, I now look forward for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
We have our first question from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir, on the speciality chemical business, though you admitted the growth is 
through seasonality, just want to understand that the current sales growth 
during the quarter and in the first 9 months of that sum, it is from only 2 
molecules, or we have received some repeat orders from the third molecule 
also. And earlier we guided that there would be a flattish growth in FY 23 in 
Specialty Chemicals business, but now, because of the higher growth in the 9 
months, do we upgrade our guidance on this piece of business for this particular 
year? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As I was telling you, it’s cyclical in nature compared to other businesses in 
specialty chemicals itself. The situation with respect to the drought, the rainfall 
or whatever it is, the sorting of the crops and all, they keep changing it. So, this 
year it was preponed looks like and more requirements came. I think they have 
taken this on the adjustment with it also. So, that’s why if you see in 9 months 
itself, we have with regards to last year's number. With respect to the product, 
the small amount of the third product also sold in the first quarter, which we 
have told you earlier. Otherwise, these 2 products were the main things. But at 
the same time, it can happen that the next requirements well maybe pushed not 
into the first, second quarter, maybe third and fourth quarter again, all bunched 
up in one go. But all in all, as per the customer thing only, we are saying it’s a 
flattish growth on the Specialty Chemicals. But when the things are good, 
suddenly they may get the requirement and which we are able to supply in time. 
So, that’s the way it goes. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And sir, on your CDMO pharma business, in the middle of the year, we expected 
that probably for this year, we will be able to do some small single digit growth. 
But considering the fact that we have shown a decline in second quarter and 
third quarter, do you think that for this full year, we will see a decline in the 

Page 3 of 10 
pharma business, CRAMS business? Or you think that some sales got deferred 
and it will come back in quarter 4? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I think slight decline will be there, but quarter 4 may not make it to the concrete 
number to that level. But in general, based on the feedback during the CPHI 
last November, I think now is the first quarter, now the year starts where we 
have most of the European and American companies in January. So, I think we 
should be able to be more number of opportunities coming, and of course, 
repeat business to be coming in. I think as of now except the COVID and some 
generic molecules, other things are all on track only. I think they're not much 
different. So, we expect that single digit growth should still happen. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
In the pharma business, so you expect that in ex-COVID molecule you will get 
single digit growth of the year? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM financial.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
So, if we look at this quarter, we have higher contribution from the Specialty 
Chemical side and still we have maintained our EBITDA margin. So, is that a 
better contribution from the new products that we have in the Specialty 
Chemical? Or how should we understand the margin aspect for this quarter? 
Venkat Jasti: 
See, you cannot attribute everything to 1 product and other if the total product 
mix, especially the things that goes in, the Specialty Chemicals are same as 
last year. There is no difference. So, the improvement if at all is in the CRAMS 
side of the business. Even though volume is less, the product mix, value 
addition, and all that stuff will play a role. But year-on-year basis, it will change, 
it will not be same. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, just wanted to understand in case like we are seeing higher profitability 
coming from these speciality side, that's the reason I was trying to understand. 
And in terms of our CDMO business, how should we see, sir, any visibility that 
you can provide on the coming fiscal FY24? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It is very difficult, you know that. And I never give you the fiscal target, that’s 
why I gave you the macro level view that are happening, whether that translates 
into the business for us or not, we don't know. But as of now, we are hoping that 
around 10% growth as I keep telling you all the time, we expect the same if not 
better. But right now, we can only tell you what we have that is less than 5 
months visibility for now, which is looking good. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And sir, if we look at the Advent deal, where are we in terms of the process? 
Right now, any timelines that you can allude? And in terms of process, you can 
highlight any details on that side? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Regarding that Advent thing, I mean they have to do all the approvals, they have 
to get it and we have the timeline up to August of this year to get all the 
approvals. So, like the CCI and DOP and the DIP, whatever you can call it, they 
have applied and waiting for the approvals process to take place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  

Page 4 of 10 
Darshit Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to know a couple of things. One on the forward integration on 
the API part, and we were in talks with a few of the clients who were probably 
planning to come and see the facility and then give a go ahead. Sir, any update 
you'd like to throw on that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Forward integration of the API, okay. As you know, last time as I told you we 
are now talking to them but they must come and audit the same as they are 
different departments. And they are expected to come according to their second 
and third quarter, that means first and second quarter of ours. They are likely to 
show up soon and it takes time, but we are working on that direction, yes. 
Darshit Shah: 
And sir, currently, how many products do we have under commercial and Phase 
3 if you would tell us, I mean including the COVID, sir? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Well, we have around 7 products. 
Darshit Shah: 
In the pharma – CRAMS? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes.
Darshit Shah: 
And any colour on the Phase 3 products? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Now, there is no indication from the customer because unless they get the 
results out and then only, we get the intimation. As of now, there is no indication 
of whatsoever when that will happen. Things that are in this Phase 3, when they 
will move likely to the next level we have no update. 
Darshit Shah: 
That I understand, sir, that you don't have any indication, but any late stage 
products if you can see, I mean, that might happen in 6 months, 12 months. But 
any number of late stage products we have in the pipeline? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. We always have number of projects in the Phase 3 and they keep changing 
it. As we have done effectively with the molecules. We have our products in the 
pipeline. 
Venkatraman Sunder: Sir, we do have late stage projects, but we will not be able to give projections 
based on that. That’s what we are trying to say. 
Darshit Shah: 
And sir, lastly, if I may ask on Suven Life, sir, any update you like to, since we 
hold Suven Life shares, any update you'd like to throw on the Suven 3031? 
What's the progress? How's the safety part been addressed? Since we have 
enrolled quite a few number of patients there. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, almost 90% enrolment has been done, this quarter. According to the 
estimates by them, because of the seasonality and all that stuff and enrolment, 
it is likely to be in September quarter. October quarter, we should be able to get 
the data. 
Venkatraman Sunder: See, last patient may come in around the June timeframe. That means from 
there, we’ll take about at least 90 days to 120 days to get the data crunching 
and then we will get the final number. 
Darshit Shah: 
But how has been your safety part? Has it been safe enough? 

Page 5 of 10 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes. We just started. We have around 9 patients already enrolled in the 502 
phase 3. 
Moderator:
The next is question from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC Securities.  
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sir, can you please elaborate bit more on your CDMO business from what is 
happening mostly at the customer level? So, you mentioned about R&D and 
then China plus one strategy, etc. So, can you throw some more colour there 
and how we should look at this business for say, next 2 to 3 quarters? 
Venkat Jasti: 
As you know, customers’ interaction happened finally via video chat. Before that 
we had only the regular meetings, which would not have any other thought 
processes and the pipeline and all that stuff, only the transaction-based activity 
we’ll be doing it. The way they have said it, now they're coming out of the COVID 
situation and starting the new what you call footing or purchase for the new 
products and all that stuff. And that's one thing. That means it will start flowing 
out the new projects eventually. And the second thing they're also looking to 
outsource more. I mean, one is the R&D spending is going up. The second thing 
is they are going to change their sourcing strategy, it may not happen overnight 
as I was telling, but on the China too, and some the other territories. And most 
likely, India will be the most opportunistic for them. And that's what they are 
looking at it. So, in that process, that's why I gave because I don't give you any 
projections, but I just gave this because until that time, everybody was at China 
plus one, I was saying no, it may not happen. But after the CPHI, we are in kind 
of inclined to say yes, this is not only the increased R&D spending, but also the 
increased outsourcing in the global market scenario in terms of control that is 
happening in CDMO. I guess players are likely to get more benefitted and us 
being the long-term player for more than two and a half decades, with all these 
big pharma and with all the kind of infrastructure and the mindset and the focus 
with which we do the FT based activities, we are at the front end to get any 
opportunity that will come to us. That’s what it is. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
That’s good to hear. So, are we seeing more enquiries or RPF from the 
customers or things are still in discussion stage? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, it will come but only a couple of months ago it happened. And the holidays 
are over. Now they're fully back into the things and they will start now doing 
thing. I think you will see in 2 to 3 months, the flow of this will hopefully increase. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And just a clarification on R&D. So, I guess till a few months back, we heard 
about some curtailment or pullback by customers in terms of R&D spend. Now, 
you are saying, things should improve from here on and you're already seeing 
some improvement? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We heard that, but we have not seen on the ground yet. And we will only see 
that if I guess in case of 2 to 3 per month requirements, then I’ll say, yes. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, considering all, most likely say another 1 or 2 quarters, we should be seeing 
things moving up from here? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That's what I hope based on the feedback we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from Elara Capital.  

Page 6 of 10 
A. Puranwala: 
Sir, can you please provide some colour on the products which under pharma 
as well as on the speciality chemical side which we would expect to go 
commercial in the next 2-3 years? Any timeline or anything what you would have 
heard from the customers since you mentioned that the global pharma activity 
is picking. So, on the commercialization side, if you could provide some clarity, 
it would be very helpful. 
Venkat Jasti:
You know very well that it's very difficult even for the customer to say anything, 
and for me to tell it's highly impossible because unless the data comes out, they 
cannot tell. So, as I was telling the earlier caller, I have no indication 
whatsoever. With respect to Specialty Chemicals, we already mentioned the 
fourth molecule should come in FY24. That's the only thing we have an update 
on that. No, not an update. We are reiterating whatever we said earlier. So, it's 
very difficult for me to give more detail. Until they know, we do not know. It can 
happen maybe say two months from now, but we don't know that thing because 
you understand, we also know how drug discovery works. So, we would not be 
knowing our own 3031 what will happen until presently until November 
timeframe, right? So, similar things for our own investors and customers also. 
They may not be able to tell. Only thing they can tell whether the study is going 
on or about to complete or whatever. That's only they can tell, but right now the 
results we have not been able to forecast because these are all double-blind 
studies. 
A. Puranwala: 
So, sir, on third molecule and the Specialty Chemicals side, sir, has it started 
contributing? I mean, in Q3, was there any contribution or? 
Venkat Jasti:
No, no, it's only the quarter one it is over. After that they said you have again 
18 months later only it will come back.  
A. Puranwala: 
And sir, largely on the margin front, if you could provide some clarity as to, you 
know, where the margins would sustain? Would this 42%, 43% range be 
something which could sustain ahead, I mean, when you talk about from an 
FY24, FY25 perspective?  
Venkat Jasti:
Yes. I mean, remember we always say +40% is the normal for us as of now as 
the thing stand. Okay. There will be 2% extra one quarter, 3% extra one quarter, 
but +40% is normal for us. And as of now I don't see any reason why it will go 
down, as of now. It can also go up as you know some quarters it goes up. But 
all in all, at the end of the year we are in the range.  
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
So, can you just give an update on the Casper facility, which you acquired last 
year and whether your contract to increase the capacity utilization over there? 
And would you require any more investments in that facility? 
Venkat Jasti:
As of now we have filed about 10 already, and there are some filings still going 
on. The approvals are coming one by one, and the first product will be sometime 
in April, May timeframe would be going out. And right now, I don't need any 
capital expenditure for the Casper. Only these things, we have 1.2 billion 
capacity in that, and only when that is done, we will be knowing it. And as you 
know, we also have capability at Pashamylaram site. So, we can imagine we 
can do that. We have enough time to create infrastructure if needed. That is not 
a problem, but right now we do not need any additional capacity.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
In the nine months, what would be the contribution of Casper in our sales this 
year? 

Page 7 of 10 
Venkat Jasti:
As of now, there is no contribution much, it's only the expense and we clearly 
mentioned it will be about 12 to 15 months when we took over the company. 
Before we see the revenue and we expect the revenue will only come in the 
breakeven that will be about 36 months from the day when we have taken over. 
So, it depends on how the molecules get approved and when they go and what 
is the profitability out of that. And as of now it's only one or two that are going. 
So, based on that it difficult to tell until it goes to market.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And what is the estimated CAPEX for this year FY23 and also for FY24?
Venkat Jasti:
As you know, we have taken a in-principle on approval of about Rs.600 crore 
altogether. Out of that it's the only one that is we are using Rs.200 crore towards 
the Suryapet facility, I mean, new building creation, which is the main thing that 
is going on. Half of it is spent. Half of it is being spent within the next six months. 
And we hope that second quarter onwards we start. It will be the first quarter, 
but it is delayed by a couple of months. So, it will be the second quarter onwards 
we will have the validation taking place, and that will be utilized. The rest of the 
CAPEX is for the CRAMS when change of the R&D location whenever the 
government asks, as you know. That is why we are taking proactively in-
principle approval. So, that is not going to happen now because no indication is 
given based on the things that are going on politically, it may not happen within 
the next one year because the elections will be coming in. The other one is the 
Pashamylaram site. As of now we are qualifying the Vizag site and the 
Pashamylaram sites for any new projects also. Right now, we are okay, and as 
and when it requires based on the pipeline and the progress and requirement, 
so then we can start the activity. Right now, it may not be until maybe six to nine 
months, we will not be able to, we will not be starting that activity, that third 
portion of the phase. Other than that, you know, we have a regular CAPEX of 
which is the balancing equipment because it's a mix and match thing which we 
do all the time multi-products. About Rs. 60 to 80 crore every year we will be 
dealing replacement CAPEX all the balance needed and CAPEX. That will be 
a continuous process.  
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal.  
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, firstly on, now that over a period of time and given the kind of CRAMS 
traction there has been, so basis your experience, if you could share in terms 
of what kind of technology platforms or chemistries presets that has been little 
or rather unique or differentiated to Suven which sort of drives the business in 
the CRAMS segment in particular? 
Venkat Jasti:
I would not say the technology platform that differentiates us. It is the focus with 
which we work with the innovator products is the one that defines because 
knowing fully well the first flow is supplied, maybe the last flow is supplied in the 
fee-based we can see. That is keeping us the same. Other than that, the 
technology anybody has it, but the focus is going mainly on the generic side 
and backward integrating into some kind of a brand. Ours is more or less than 
the 90% to 95% is the fee-based activity, and we do the leverage under the 
generics side a little bit. So, you cannot say the technology, but as for the 
chemistries are concerned, we expect the coordination and postulation since 
we do many number of projects, we have done about 980 projects so far from 
since the inception, we have been dabbled into each and every chemistry. I 
think gram level to kilo level to multi tons level. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Also, if you could break down the, let's say, gross block into CDMO pharma and 
CDMO specialty chemicals?  

Page 8 of 10 
Venkatraman Sunder: Abdul, I will provide you the information. Right now I do not have this 
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique Portfolio 
Managers.  
Pratik Kothari:
Sir, just one clarification. This fourth molecule in chemical that we expect to 
come in, so this is already commercialized in the past, right, and that had been 
asked us for a supply mixture. It was not the new molecule.  
Venkat Jasti:
Which one is that? 
Pratik Kothari:
The fourth molecule which you mentioned. 
Venkat Jasti:
No, no, it is a brand-new one whenever supplied. We have only qualified our 
samples. And it is dated sometime in the calendar 2024. 
Pratik Kothari:
And sir, regarding this new capacity, you mentioned that we will only start to 
think about it six, nine months down the line. And also, we say that there is a lot 
of customer demand, the China Plus One of the whole supply chain retail. So, 
usually, how long does it take for us to put up a new capacity this year? 
Venkat Jasti:
For everybody's information, compared to any other generic molecule creation 
of a capacity is a kind of what you call predetermined. In our case, what 
happened is when the molecule is getting stabilized and when the opportunity 
is coming in, by the time the peak requirements comes, it takes three years. So, 
what I am saying in the beginning we do what you call the campaign-based 
activity, but we will be knowing that it will come back. So, based on that we put 
it. If it is only making it with the balancing equipment, it takes six months. If I 
need to create a total block, then it takes 18 months. So, most of the time we 
do not create the block itself, but when we create the block, it will be a 
multipurpose thing. But it will be more or less what happens if I am doing a 
campaign now, I want to continue the campaign. Then I may need to use a 
couple of balancing equipments to use the underutilized capacity to put to the 
need in new product. For that it will take three to four months only and the 
balancing will be taken. So, it's all like I said, luckily for us in this business model, 
the time will be known, but the time is at least two years to three years. So, we 
can certainly create the capacity to do that.  
Secondly, we also can do the early-stage steps in some other units. Suppose 
they want more quantity. That is for whatever reason we have done that earlier, 
and we will never have any problem, because most of the time ours is the 
campaign-based activity except for the specialty chemicals. So, even though 
we have, we say 100% capacity utilization, it is only 70%, because not all of the 
equipment can be utilized. So, the 30% can be using the balancing equipment, 
I can put more products. So, we will never have a shortage for capacity, but at 
the same time when the new capacity is required, we have enough and ample 
time to do it, and we have the backups in the other units also. Based on the 
customer's request, we can do that also in early-stage chemistry. So, this is the 
way it works. 
Pratik Kothari:
Sir, last request. In the last call you have mentioned we might get the 
management of Advent on the call and maybe just hear from them as well. 
Maybe on the next Concall we can do that.  
Venkat Jasti:
Management of the Advent will come only when the transaction takes place, 
right? Until that time, we are still here.  

Page 9 of 10 
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Rohan Advani from Multi-Act Equity 
Consultancy.  
Rohan Advani:
Sir, my question is with respect to the proposed merger with the Advent owned 
entities, are those entities carrying any unutilized capacities that we could 
potentially use for our CRAMS operations? And does the need for us to do 
CAPEX gets reduced? Or are those unutilized capacities, if they exist, it cannot 
be used for our CRAMS business? 
Venkat Jasti:
Let me tell you, it is not wise on my part to guess estimate what is going to 
happen to the capacity, how much they are utilizing. Until this transaction is 
over, we are not going to talk anything about the CRAMS platform. Yes, but the 
general question is yes, certainly, it will be a plus now for anything. Whatever I 
am using like just before this call I was telling if I need to do additional capacity 
in other unit, I can do that. Similarly, when that comes in, the same thing can be 
done, right? But right now we are not going to talk about that. We have clearly 
given you the statement made by the Advent during the timing of the ceremony 
that they have an intend to do the merging that platform into Suven so that that 
can be capacity enhancement will be used, backward integration can be used, 
frontend can be used and more technologies can be coming in to the picture 
and more customers will be there. And they have the global reach and they can 
bring more opportunities also. But that is post thing. Right now we are 
concentrating what we do, and once that happens, I think then only I can talk 
anything about it. But not knowing fully their operations, I will not be able to 
comment on the Advent front.  
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Hussain Kagzi from Ambit Asset 
Management.  
Hussain Kagzi:
I wanted to get a sense on when is it that our Pharma molecule is coming up 
for patent expiry? I guess, the first two molecules that we launched, that were 
commercialized two to three years back were, the patent was expiring 
somewhere in 2024, 2025. So, if you could give some idea on that?  
Venkat Jasti:
I mean, the earliest is 2025, but as you know, these Big Pharma, they will have 
the additional indications will be given, and they will be going for another five 
years or so. So, I do not see anything until 2028 actually to be going out of our 
supplies. That is based on the interactions we have with the customers we don't 
see any, even though it's going out of patience, but it will be three to four years 
from there only if anything at all there will be a reduction in the revenue out of 
those things. Otherwise, they will be staying as the same if not more. So, it does 
not matter. Next two to three years it will not happen, certainly. 
Hussain Kagzi:
And sir, one thing was that you were talking about that now probably you are 
seeing increased enquiries from customers to shift from China to India and talks 
happening in that regard. In your assessment, how long does it take for this to 
happen or probably translate anything into a meaningful opportunity for you or 
other players? Because I think, see, for example, in a generic you have to go 
and modify the DMF or the ANDA or something like that? So, in kind of a related 
to innovator negotiations, suppose they are doing a composition now, so how 
long will it be that you would anticipate this to reflect into any tangible numbers? 
Venkat Jasti:
Yes. As you rightly said, it is not going to be overnight. Right now it is only the 
discussions. Based on the discussions, we could gather this is what is going to 
happen. As you know, by changing the existing molecules itself will take a year 
to two years and sometimes three years also. Similarly, changing the source 
from some other clients to here, especially if it is a regulatory doing here, it will 

Page 10 of 10 
take time. And I know their process. When they say something, it takes at least 
a year before you see the real tangible with the product. So, in general, once 
that happens, it will have a win-win situation for both the customer and the 
partner. And we hope to get those opportunities not only for Suven but all other 
players in India eventually. That's why it will not be next six months or something 
like that. But even for the flow of projects, we have only said, we have heard 
the macro level we are telling, in general, it will happen in the long run, and 
being a first in the line, we are the first one to start the CRAMS project way back 
in 1995 when nobody knows what the CRAMS is all about. We thought we 
would be the best one to get some advantage out of that, that’s what I said in 
addition to the other things. 
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Venkat Jasti:
Thank you everyone for tuning in to this third quarter results and today's results. 
As you know, our flattish growth as of now, and we expect to end the year with 
slight positive growth and maintaining the margin. And in the long term with the 
new opportunities that are coming in, new thinking that is happening in the 
global pharma outsourcing and the opportunities because of the China Plus 
One and also opportunity of long-term relationship we have and the existing 
capacity building that is taking place and also the number of projects what we 
have in the pipeline and all these things bodes well. But at the same time you 
will be seeing not only quarter-on-quarter variations, but year-on-year variations 
also will be there. But in the long run it is a very promising thing, especially in 
changing the mindset of the global pharma for outsourcing and targeting 
towards India and being Suven is one of the frontrunner, we like to get the 
benefit out of it. With this, I thank each and every one and hope to catch up with 
you during the next Concall. Thank you. 
Please note:
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much 
of the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
