 
 
INFOSYS LIMITED 
CIN: L85110KA1981PLC013115 
44, Infosys Avenue 
Electronics City, Hosur Road 
Bengaluru 560 100, India 
T  91 80 2852 0261 
F  91 80 2852 0362 
investors@infosys.com 
www.infosys.com 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
April 18, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
Board of directors on April 13, 2023 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the 
Board meeting held on April 13, 2023, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-2023/q4.html 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2022-
2023/q4.html 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
SURYANARAYANA 
ANUR GURUGOPALA 
RAJU MANIKANTHA
Digitally signed by 
SURYANARAYANA ANUR 
GURUGOPALA RAJU 
MANIKANTHA 
Date: 2023.04.18 17:12:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Infosys Limited 
Q4 FY23 Media Conference Call” 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
C O R P O R AT E PA RT I C I PA N T S : 
 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Rishi Basu (Emcee) 
Corporate Communications 
 
J O U R N A L I S T S 
 
Ritu Singh  
CNBCTV18. 
 
Shilpa Phadnis  
The Times of India 
 
Jochelle Mendonca  
ET Prime 
 
Chandra Srikanth  
Moneycontrol 
 
Sai Ishwarbharath  
The Economic Times 
 
Haripriya Sureban  
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
PP Thimmaya  
YourStory 
 
Rukmini Rao  
Fortune India 
 
Sethuraman NR  
Reuters News 
 
Anisha Jain  
ET Now 
 
Tushar Deep Singh  
BQ Prime  
 
Kushal Gupta  
Zee Business 
 
Harshada Sawant  
CNBC Awaaz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Rishi Basu 
Very good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us today at our Fourth Quarter 
Financial Results Press Conference. Glad to see a full house and we'd like to welcome our 
friends from media, our leaders from Infosys. My name is Rishi and on behalf of Infosys, I'd 
like to welcome our leaders, Salil and Nilanjan to this press conference. As always, like I say, 
we request one question from each media person, so that we can accommodate everyone over 
the next hour. 
With that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi, and good evening everyone here for joining in, and thank you for being here on 
the campus. We had an excellent full year performance in Financial Year 2023, with a growth 
of 15.4% in constant currency. Our digital business grew at 25.6%, now being 62.9% of our 
overall revenue. And our core services grew as well at 1.9%. We had 95 large deals with a 
value of $9.8 bn for the year, 40% of which were net new. 
Our operating margin for the full year was at 21%, and our attrition has continued to decline in 
each quarter of the year, including in Q4.  
We are leveraging generative AI capabilities for our clients and within the company today, we 
have active programs and projects with clients, working with generative AI platforms to 
address specific areas, processes, and libraries within their business. We have trained open-
source generative AI platforms on our own internal software development libraries. We 
anticipate generative AI to provide more opportunities for work with our clients and to enable 
us to improve our own productivity. 
In Q4, we saw changes in the market environment. During the quarter, we saw unplanned 
project ramp-downs in some of our clients and delays in decision-making which resulted in 
lower volumes. In addition, we had some onetime revenue impact. While we saw some signs 
of stabilization in March, the environment remains uncertain. This led to our Q4 year-on-year 
growth of 8.8% in constant currency and quarter-over-quarter decline of 3.2%. 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Our operating margin was resilient at 21% for the quarter. We had $2.1 bn in large deals in the 
quarter. Our pipeline of large deals is extremely strong. Several of these are mega deals and 
several of them are opportunities for cost and efficiency programs within clients and 
consolidation opportunities. Based on our sustained momentum in the financial year '23, the 
strong pipeline of opportunities, especially the ones in cost efficiency and consolidation, while 
also keeping in mind the uncertain environment, our revenue growth guidance for this financial 
year is 4% to 7% in constant currency. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year is 
20% to 22%. 
Thank you, and over to you, Rishi, for our questions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, 
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys.  
With that, our first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBCTV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Hi Salil, Hi Nilanjan. Your constant currency revenue decline for the quarter is far worse than 
what the street was expecting. And then that sort of explains why your full year revenue growth 
guidance is missed, what you guided at 16% - 16.5%. I just wanted to understand where are 
you seeing softness? I remember reading your comments that your exposure to US banks isn't 
that large. What are the verticals that are seeing softness? And also on your margin guidance, 
which now for FY’24, you’ve brought to about 20% to 22%. Again, last year, we thought it 
was an aberration because of higher wage bills, and the expectation was that it would be 
brought back to 21% to 23%, which is not the case. Could you tell us a bit more about why 
this? 
And a second question on attrition as well, which has been coming down. If you expect that 
trend to continue in your hiring plans for the year, please? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Let me start off with the market. Nilanjan will share a little bit about the margin and the other 
points we will come back to as well.  
On what we saw in Q4, during the quarter, we saw some ramp-downs which were unplanned, 
and these were across different sectors. We saw some in Telco. We saw some in Hitech, some 
in Retail and within Financial Services, it was on mortgages that we have talked about in the 
past, in Asset Management and Investment Banking. So those were the areas in which we saw 
things which were unplanned. In addition to that, we saw some onetime impact in the quarter. 
Now in terms of the margin, go ahead please. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, I'll take that. So, we have ended the year, as you know, at 21%, and this has been pretty 
stable as the year has gone by. So, 21% was the full year margin as the exit margin as well. 
And in a way, it's a midpoint between 20% and 22%. It gives us the flexibility in this year as 
well. So, we will have some headwinds which we will see with compensation, we will have 
some travel coming back. But we know with things like utilization, more automation, etc., we 
also have a runway to increase the margins. But this gives us the necessary flexibility into next 
year. 
Ritu Singh 
With Infosys, like even with your revenue guidance last year, you started with something, and 
you kept increasing it every quarter. Should we expect some sort of upside risk to these 
guidance figures you have given us for this year as well for FY’24? 
Salil Parekh 
 
So, the guidance we have given is based on what we see from the deals we won $9.8 bn in the 
year, plus what we see with a steady business and the outlook we have in the demand 
environment today. So that is the way we build our guidance. That is the way we look at it. We 
don't have a view on what will change as the year progresses. 
Nilanjan Roy 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Sorry, what was the question again? 
Ritu Singh 
It was on attrition and hiring. 
Salil Parekh  
Attrition and hiring. 
Nilanjan Roy 
For next year? 
Ritu Singh 
Yes, for FY’24. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, FY’24. So, looking at the volumes, one is, we have a lot of bench with us. In fact, over a 
long period of time, we have kept this bench. They are ready to move into production projects. 
But of course, they will take time as volumes come in their own pace. And of course, we have 
an agile model of hiring off campus as well. So as demand picks up, we have that flexibility as 
well. So, I think our model in terms of hiring has got enough flexibility to take care of new 
volumes. In any case, we have a rich bench, 80% utilization is what we have, and usually, we 
have operated well above that. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
I just wanted to understand from you, if you look at the guidance for the next year, it looks 
really understated. And way back in 2016 is when you had the low single-digit guidance that 
was re-revised downwards. I just wanted to understand from you, where are the headwinds 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
coming from? Is it largely in BFSI, last quarter also, you called out some account headwinds. 
Can you please take us through that? 
Second, you said onetime impact. So, is it largely related to ramp-down or any other client-
related issues? Can you please help us with that? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first, I'll address it, Nilanjan will come back on the second one. We saw during the 
quarter certain clients where we saw these ramp-downs, which were not planned. And they 
were across the Telco sector, Retail, Hitech and Financial Services, parts of which mainly 
focused on Mortgages, Asset Management, and Investment Banking. So it was across those 
industries that we saw some of the constraints that came up. 
Nilanjan Roy 
On the revenues onetime, so most of the decline in revenue actually was from volume and the 
impact of revenue onetime is a combination of cancellations actually, exactly what you said. 
So, the combination of cancellations and also some specific client issues. So, it's a combination 
of that, but most of the decline actually has been from volume. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
I had one last question. With the two presidents leaving the organization, do you see some sort 
of a restructuring that you are going to announce, you're going to break up some of the verticals 
which are anyway monolithic and you going to break it down into smaller business units, is 
that plan underway? And you ventured into the delayering exercise- top delayering, so I just 
wanted to understand from you that you have not called out replacements for the two presidents. 
Is Infosys breaking away from the past in terms of doing away with the president structure? 
Salil Parekh 
So, we have announced and rolled out internally a structure, which is focused on delivery with 
the exit when Ravi left. We are in position to now roll out the structure that would be for 
Financial Services as we move ahead. What we see is within Infosys, we have a strong 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
leadership team. And so, we are fortunate that the leaders are coming from inside and then we 
see more and more at the next level. There is no delayering plan within Infosys at all. 
Our organization structure really is something we are building, which is agile and also quite 
solid to deliver our consistent trajectory that we have been driving through. We have, as you 
know, growth drivers on digital and growth drivers on cost and automation. And so those are 
the ones that we'll continue to drive. And we have probably the best delivery organization in 
the industry. So, we want to continue to enhance that with the team we have. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
So, the current responsibilities will be split between other leaders in the organization? 
Salil Parekh 
Sorry? 
Shilpa Phadnis 
The current responsibilities of BFSI? 
Salil Parekh 
The leaders within the company will step up and also in delivery it is done. The next one will 
be done in the next few weeks. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Jochelle Mendonca from ET Prime. 
Jochelle Mendonca  
Hello, I want clarification on something you have said in the press release. You' have said that 
you have expanded your internal program on efficiency and cost to build a higher path to 
margins. I am asking this specifically because I am looking at headcount, and headcount fell in 
this quarter, but it fell more on the software professionals while sales and support staff actually 
went up marginally. So, could you give me some clarity on what this efficiency program is and 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
how it is feeding into how you look at the sales staff and what augments or detractions you 
might make on that front?  
Salil Parekh 
That I think is a very critical program. We were running it. In fact, Nilanjan was driving that 
with a very strong team. We have expanded the attention to that program during the last quarter. 
We have several methods in which we can do better in that program, whether that relates to 
automation, it relates to pyramid, it relates to onsite mix, relates to subcontractors, relates to 
travel. And also relating to pricing and how we can drive that within our system, given the 
inflation that all of us have seen. 
What we are communicating with that is that program gets a very focused attention. And we 
have within our internal way of looking at it, a path to bring us to the aspired margin that we 
want, because we want to be at that margin as we go ahead. Having said that, we have low 
utilization that Nilanjan mentioned. We are going to make sure that we look after our people 
with that commitment. We are going to make sure that we continue with the training, and that 
is an area we will continue our focus on. We are not going to take some short-term actions 
against that and that will be a way to build it because over time, that is a team that will start to 
work on projects as well. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Srikanth from Moneycontrol.  
Chandra Srikanth 
Going by the guidance that you mentioned, can you give us a sense of the incremental revenues 
that you will be adding for FY’24? Because based on the back of the envelope calculation, I 
think it will come up to some $300 mn to $500 mn compared to the $3 bn that you added in 
the previous fiscal. So, can you give us a sense of how much incremental revenues you expect 
to add in FY’24?  
And Salil, what are you hearing from clients? I mean, yesterday, the TCS management 
mentioned that discretionary projects are getting deferred. There are no cancellations or budget 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
cuts, but clients are spending wisely. If you can give us a sense of what the conversations are 
like, what kind of deal discussions are happening, and how impacted are you by the regional 
banking crisis in the US? I think JPMorgan recently said that you and TCS have the highest 
exposure to regional banks in the US. So, if you can give us a sense of that because financial 
services have declined quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year? 
Salil Parekh 
 
The first part is on the regional banks, Nilanjan will come back with that. But on the first part 
-- two parts what you asked. One, on the incremental revenue, so as you know, we don't give a 
specific dollar number for that. But our guidance very clearly allows you to interpret it as 4% 
to 7% constant currency growth on the base, which now is closed on March 31. So, both 
reported and constant currency, we have those numbers. But that is our guidance, which will 
therefore give you the incremental revenue. 
On what our clients are telling us. Now several industries where we have talked about, 
Telecom, Retail, Hitech, and parts of Financial Services, there are some clients which are 
seeing in their own business, whatever constraints they're seeing with the economic 
environment. As a consequence, we have noticed that some decisions were made during the 
quarter to stop some parts of the programs, not everything, but some parts of the program. And 
that's what we observed in the quarter. Plus, what Nilanjan and I also shared, there was some 
one-time impact in the quarter. 
Now, what we see going ahead, we saw some stabilization in March, but the demand 
environment is still uncertain. In the last quarter, we saw that certain banking situations were 
in the US and European geographies, impacting decision-making across the board. With that 
in mind, we are working very closely with our clients and supporting them, making sure that 
we remain committed to our clients as they go through their way of dealing with the situation 
that's changing. And we believe that as we did in the past, the clients connect with us will help 
us massively in the future as well. 
Having said that, we have an extremely large pipeline, the largest pipeline we have seen in a 
long while, while there is still a slowing in the cycle of closing the deals, the deals are very 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
strong, and some of them are mega deals. So, we feel good that there is a pipeline focused on 
cost and efficiency, and consolidation. 
Chandra Srikanth 
 
I think the Street was expecting 21% to 23% and I think you've given 20% to 22%. So again, 
what are the pressure points there? Is it rising onsite cost? 
Nilanjan Roy 
So, like I said, we have ended the year at 21% and in fact, the quarter closed at 21% and the 
full year is 21%. So, we have seen a very steady 21% and frankly, that is the midpoint between 
20% to 22% and it gives us the flexibility to look at certain headwinds if they arise. There will 
be some increases like I just mentioned earlier, it will be in terms of travel and compensation. 
And of course, we have the whole benefit of utilization, the pyramid, etc., to work. So, I think 
that's a fair range. And of course, our aspiration continues to be to improve our margin profile. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. Next question is from Sai from The Economic Times. 
Sai Ishwarbharath 
Hi, gentlemen. So, looking at the guidance, I just wanted to ask, even last year, you had given 
guidance and you had kept updating it, right? So, would you call this some sort of a misstep 
like kind of seeing the demand forecast as overestimating demand? And also, I wanted to know 
you were saying that a lot of project cancellations and the one-time impact were there. So, has 
that impact subsided, or should we also expect similar pressure in the pipeline that's coming? 
Also, for Nilanjan, I wanted to know the campus hiring target for FY’24. Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
Many of the things that Nilanjan and I shared earlier today were things that happened in the 
quarter. For example, some of the clients decided to slow down or stop some of the projects. 
So, these were things we had not seen at the start or at the end of last quarter, and that's what 
we felt. We have also seen some of that stabilizing in March, but the demand environment is 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
uncertain. So, we are making sure that we keep that in mind as we look ahead and remain agile 
as we look ahead. 
Nilanjan Roy 
So, on the freshers, like I said, we have a very rich bench now. We have hired more than 50,000, 
and we have said, we will hire 50,000. We actually had, I think, hired 51,000-odd last year. 
And a lot of them on the bench are getting skilled, are getting trained. So, we have quite a 
leeway for the next few quarters in terms of the availability of freshers. And of course, with 
our agile model of doing both college and off-campus recruitment, we can always turn that up. 
So, we have no specific number for FY’24 at this stage. We have enough, actually, today sitting 
on the bench. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu BusinessLine. 
Haripriya Sureban 
Hi guys. Salil, you mentioned about slowdown. I just wanted to understand, is it more 
sentimental, or is it structural? Why are these deals getting delayed? And on the ChatGPT part 
that you mentioned, are there any specific use cases that you guys are working on? And we 
keep hearing that ChatGPT could make a job redundant or something like that. So would roles 
change, and would the nature of jobs change? And are you internally training employees for 
these technologies? 
Salil Parekh 
The first part was? 
Haripriya Sureban 
Is it sentimental, around what you are seeing and the client behavior that you are seeing, is it 
sentimental because everybody is scared or is it structural? 
Salil Parekh 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
So there, what we are seeing is some clients have made a decision to slow down or ramp-down 
projects. We see that across the different industries that I mentioned, Telecom, Hitech, Retail, 
and parts of Financial Services. So, I don't know whether it's sentimental or structural, but we 
have seen that as the way the clients have interacted with us. As we were sharing, we saw some 
stabilization in March, but the environment is uncertain, so we will see how it plays out. 
On Generative AI, we are working with multiple platforms. We are working with open-source 
platforms, and we are working with proprietary platforms. We have active client projects today. 
The projects that we are working on are focused on large models within the client organization 
for different areas. And how Generative AI can take advantage of those large models and create 
something more efficient for the client.  
And then, we are working on our own software development tool, on an open-source 
Generative AI platform. We are actually working with two of them. And we are building, we 
are training it on our software development libraries. We have already done that with several 
of our internal software library elements. And we feel quite good that these things are going to 
help us with client work, so more work and also with productivity. 
So, it's really incredible how we think our organization has moved quickly into driving 
Generative AI within our business. And it’s now part of all the new training as well because 
once you have it for your own software library, you can really deploy it very effectively. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from PP Thimmaya from YourStory. 
PP Thimmaya 
Hi. Just have two questions. One is the kind of negative growth you saw in this Q4. I understand 
the SVB crisis, the banking crisis, the Credit Suisse, and UBS crisis, but was it expected? I 
mean such kind of deep cuts for Infosys as such from a revenue perspective? 
And secondly, the kind of revenue outlook you have given for the current financial year. Is this 
a long-term trend you are going to see that the overall growth rate is going to be under single 
digit -- maybe high single-digit or below 10% kind of thing? 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Salil Parekh 
So, first, every quarter, we look at where our large deals, overall wins plus the current work is. 
And we build in a bottom-up way, what our estimate is and what our forecast is for the period 
ahead for the financial year. And that's the guidance update or change that we gain, and we 
have given that consistently over the last several years. We saw a different kind of volume 
when we were at the end of last quarter. And then things changed during the quarter, which is 
what we shared with the projects ramping down. 
Now looking ahead, first, if you look at, let's just say, the last couple of years, we had 19.7% 
growth the year before, and 15.4% this past year. So, we know that it depends on where the 
economic environment is and how we see that. We think our business has two growth drivers. 
When there is a huge change going on within our client organizations and they are putting in 
large investments there.  
There is digital transformation, and we have deep capability in that. That comprises the cloud. 
We have a very strong capability on Cobalt. And then, when there are different areas where the 
client wants to focus on efficiency, costs, and even consolidation. We have a very strong 
capability in automation, our own AI that we have used for that in the past. So, we feel 
comfortable on both of those dimensions depending on how the economic environment is. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Rukmini Rao from Fortune India. 
Rukmini Rao 
Salil, this is just an addition to what Shilpa asked on delayering of your leadership, your answer 
essentially meant that you are not going to have the president structure anymore. Would that 
be a fair inference, or do you plan to make changes again? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we are doing is for the delivery organization, we have already put in place the new 
team and the structure. We have rolled that out. We have a lot of people because we have, I 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
think, a very good leadership team within the company. So, a lot of people are really energized 
and excited with the new roles that they're already playing. On FS, we will be rolling that out 
in the next few weeks. 
Rukmini Rao 
Okay. Nilanjan, also, if you can give us some understanding around the reduction in the free 
cash flows? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No. So I think we had a very good quarter in terms of cash flow at $713 mn. 
Rukmini Rao 
On a year-on-year basis? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We had an 85% conversion of free cash. And I think as a percent of net profit, that's a very 
good conversion because also you have investment into working capital. Last year was very 
unique. We went above 100%, and the capex was low. We had other working capital benefits. 
There were some delays because of COVID in terms of our payments, which we had got 
benefits from governments on payments of taxes which came back this year. So otherwise, 
85% is a very good ratio of conversion. 
Rukmini Rao 
Salil, also given that, the US macros look so weak and the commentary coming from various 
quarters also has been the same. So, would that mean that for Indian IT services companies, 
would there be opportunities to pick up, like, say, captives of non-core assets of, let's say, big 
bankers, and are there M&A opportunities that will come out of this slowdown? 
Salil Parekh 
We are seeing very good opportunities in the M&A environment. And this is a good 
environment. We have a very strong balance sheet, a very good way to deploy it. If we find a 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
company or an entity that fits in strategically, but also culturally and we have a way of 
integrating it, we will look at that. 
Rukmini Rao 
So, you are on the lookout?  
Salil Parekh 
Yes, we are -- but we are on the lookout at all times. But yes, this environment is a good 
environment for finding it.  
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Rukmini. The next question is from Sethuraman NR from Reuters News. 
Sethuraman NR 
Good evening, gentlemen. So, the question is, this weak, I mean, the soft outlook, is it going 
to drill down to your plans for hiring next year, as well as the increments and the variable pay? 
That is one. And do you see a recovery period over the next few quarters? Like, I mean, one or 
two quarters from where, you feel that the situation in North America will stabilize, or at least, 
if you have a hint? Also, is the softness overall coming from North America, or you are seeing 
pockets of softness from other regions as well, like Europe? And you also mentioned about the 
Generative AI. So, I just want to know whether this is in association with Open AI, where you 
have some stake, or how it's going to play? 
Salil Parekh 
I'll take the second one, which is on the softness. Nilanjan will come back on the first one. And 
I'll also talk about Generative AI. So, firstly, our view today is from where we sit today, which 
is sort of in the middle of April, as we look out to our financial year. We will see how the 
economic environment, how the global environment evolves. It's not something that we have 
a clear view of what it will look like for the full year. We have a good approach to building 
what we consider our guidance, based on what work we have already got committed from 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
clients, what we have seen from the past that's continuing and then what we typically see in 
Q3, Q4, and in most years. So that's how we have built our guidance, and that's the approach.  
I think on the geography, we do see, more impact in US and less in Europe. And that's in our 
numbers. You see the growth in the full year or even in quarter is stronger in Europe than in 
US, even though there is growth in both for the full year. 
On Generative AI, with clients, we have many projects going on. We are working on the 
Generative AI platform that the client has some interest in, where they have a preference. If 
they don't have a preference, we have a certain set of recommendations that we have. We work 
with both open-source platforms for clients, but also with platforms that they want, which could 
be open sourced or proprietary platforms. 
For our own work, we are working on open-source platforms today. And we have the ability 
to work on any Generative AI platform, because we have our software development libraries, 
and we can train them on that model.  
Nilanjan Roy 
On the first question, of course, as we build out the financial model for the year, we factor in 
lateral hiring. We factor in attrition, the questions around the freshers in the pipeline. And 
therefore, and of course, we have a margin guidance accordingly built in. So, this factors in 
many of these things, including things like compensation, travel. So, the model actually puts 
together all these various factors and has that flexibility to change each lever as per where the 
year will progress.  
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next few questions are on text from friends from media who have sent it to us. 
I just want to make a quick announcement that we are going to consider those questions in the 
interest of time which haven't yet been addressed. Most of our questions have been addressed. 
The first question on text is from Anisha Jain from ET Now. And Anisha's question, Salil, is 
to you. Regarding the one-time revenue impact, you said in your opening comments, is there a 
slowdown caused by a client-specific issue or a specific sector, or is it broad-based? 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, like we mentioned, I think the majority of the revenue slowdown is from volume. And 
part of the one-timer, which is on revenue, is a combination of one-time client issues as well 
as client cancellation, in a way which is a subset of the ramp-downs. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from BQ Prime. Tushar has sent us two questions, one for 
Salil and one for Nilanjan. For Salil, what is the rationale behind the revision in guidance, given 
the weakness in the BFSI space? For Nilanjan, how do we see deal-making and margin panning 
out over the next two quarters? Is growth likely to return in a hurry?  
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first one, in that sense, there is no revision in the guidance because it is the start of 
our financial year. So that is our guidance for the year. There is no revision in our guidance.  
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, I mean, I think, we see the guidance in the context of the macro environment, which we 
are sitting in now, right? And that, of course, can change. But the other thing is we have a very 
strong pipeline. In fact, our large-deal pipeline is the strongest ever we have had. And in a way, 
that gives us the confidence, at least as the year progresses, that we will have some conversion 
of this. And the second half of the year, we will definitely see a definite improvement, which 
is why the four to seven band, we have widened that band exactly for that reason. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Kushal Gupta from Zee Business to Nilanjan. What are 
the tools available at your end to safeguard the margins ahead, given the current scenario 
remains like this for some more quarters?  
Nilanjan Roy 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Yes. So, I think four or five of them, which straightaway we know, I think our automation 
capabilities are tremendous. I think it is the biggest source of our margin improvement. And of 
course, with new tools coming in, I think we can see more-and-more productivity increases. 
The one which is sitting out there really is utilization. I think at 80%, we know we have a large 
headroom to improve that. Onsite offshore mix, which post-COVID, slightly went a skew 
because, of course, there was some travel which went back. That now strategically can be 
looked at and as we can offshore more work.  
Definitely on the pyramid side as well. So, as freshers' go into the pyramid, you will get a 
benefit really on the production workforce. So today, the bench has a double whammy on cost 
because you have idle people and, of course, you have a rich pyramid in terms of a very top-
heavy pyramid. And as freshers' go in, you will be having that benefit as well. 
So, there are multiple levers, which we have. Pricing is one of them. Salil mentioned that as 
well. We continue to work with our clients where we can put COLA clauses into our deals, 
where we can sell with new innovative commercial constructs. Of course, the environment is 
tough. The good news is we have not seen, for instance, a return back to a heavy discounting 
environment. We are making sure that we are continuing to push back on our clients on 
discounts, etc., and that really has stayed even during this time.  
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from CNBC Awaaz for Salil. Has the sentiment worsened 
among clients? Is there fear of further uncertainty or just caution? Does the uncertainty and 
delay in decision-making make it likely to play on the pricing of deals in the coming quarters? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, the way we saw -- during the quarter we saw some of our clients looking at ramp-
downs in their projects, and then there were some one-time impact on revenue. These were 
spread across different industries. There were some in Telecom, some in Hitech, Retail and 
parts of Financial Services. We see some stabilization in March, but the demand environment 
is uncertain. So, we will watch it and with agility and adapt to it.  
Rishi Basu 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Thank you, Salil. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We have perhaps 10 
more minutes in case anybody would like to ask another question. Jochelle. Please go ahead -
- Thimmaya, please use the microphone because we have to record it? 
Thimmaya PP 
We would like to know about the sharp drop in client addition in the fourth quarter of FY’23, 
any particular reason for that? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I think it's probably to be seasonal. I don't have the exact number offhand. 
Thimmaya PP 
Because your own fact sheet shows that you added about 115 clients in fourth quarter. And 
December quarter, it was 134, and if you look at a year back… 
Nilanjan Roy 
There is nothing specific really at all. I mean, 115 clients on a large base of about 1,900 clients. 
So that happens, the ups and downs that happens. We also loose some clients, and we add, in 
fact, net more than a loss. So, I don't think anything specific in that. 
Rukmini Rao 
Nilanjan, also, in terms of the utilization, whether it's including the trainees or excluding, given 
that you are going into a difficult year, is there any sort of a number that you are working with 
in terms of improving your utilization? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Of course, as we look, as the year progresses, we will have different targets for, as the quarters 
progress. Because you can't put all the freshers into on day one into programs. So, it depends 
on the kind of work that you will have. You will have T&M work, FP work. So, it's literally 
horses for courses. Which programs come in, how many freshers can you put in, in large deals, 
by default you can put in more freshers. So, it's quite complicated. 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Rukmini Rao 
But given that your revenue guidance is not great, that would mean to say that you'll not have 
as many work, or…? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, that is of course a headwind. So, one of the ways you get around that is on existing deals. 
So, if a current project is three years old, you move people out from an existing deal, which is 
three years, well into tenure, move up the people into higher roles, put freshers in, and move 
those experienced people into other deals. So different ways you can play this game as well. 
But yes, of course, I mean, if you don't have those large volumes, there is a bit of a headwind 
in terms of how much we can deploy. 
Rishi Basu 
Rukmini, thanks. Jochelle had a question. Shilpa, one sec. Jochelle had a question, and after 
Shilpa's, we'll close the conference. 
Jochelle Mendonca 
So, it's a broader question. Over the past few months, we have seen companies say that they 
have record high deals, strong deal wins, and with Accenture announced 19,000 job cuts, or in 
the case of TCS, say, the market is still uncertain, and have issues with not as strong growth as 
maybe the market had expected. Could you give some color on why there may be this 
disconnect between strong demand and high deals, and good deal wins and large deals, that's 
not somehow flowing into the revenue line? 
Salil Parekh 
Jochelle, it'll be difficult for me to comment on those two companies. 
Jochelle Mendonca  
No, I mean a broader industry thing, because I think, you have had good deal wins this quarter. 
It's not terrible deal wins for Infosys. 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Salil Parekh 
For us, I think, for Infosys, we have had very strong year in terms of wins, $9.8 bn, and that is 
what we see the growth guidance that we have given, 4% to 7%. Then we saw in the quarter 
some of the ramp-down. So, there is always some additions, and then this what we had not seen 
at the end of last quarter, those ramp-down. So, then we balance those two things as we give 
the guidance. 
Jochelle Mendonca 
Slowdown is so bad that it's offsetting the remarkable deal wins we saw in the quarter?  
Salil Parekh 
There, the way we look at it is, we had very good large deal wins. And then we had some clients 
where we had ramp-downs. 
Rishi Basu 
Shilpa, you had a question?  
Shilpa Phadnis 
Yes. The revenue productivity has dropped sharply. And that too, it’s on a consolidated basis 
with all the subsidiaries added. It’s $53,400 vis-à-vis, $57,000, nearly $58,000 last year. So, if 
you can help us understand that – revenue productivity per employee?  
Nilanjan Roy 
So, this is just your total revenue by headcount. And in a way, our utilization, if it's down from 
88% to 80%, straightaway, mathematically, you have a 10% reduction. So, that's just the impact 
of utilization. So, we are just carrying many more freshers than we did last year. That is as 
simple as that. 
Shilpa Phadnis 

 
Infosys Limited 
 
 
April 13, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
And in terms of the renewals, are clients taking longer than usual to renew? And hence, the 
revenue recognition hasn't happened. Is that one of the reasons why you see more slower 
closures?  
Salil Parekh 
There, what we are seeing is in a large deal pipeline, we have seen an expansion in the time to 
close a deal. So, it's not specific to a renewal or to something new. It's more that in the large 
deal pipeline, we have seen that. And then once it's closed, then it flows in, once it's closed, 
there is no other constraint on how the project starts and so on. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We thank our friends from 
media for being part of this press conference. And thank you, Salil. Thank you, Nilanjan. And 
thank you to all our leaders from Infosys who were with us today. Before we conclude, please 
note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys website 
and on our YouTube channel later today. Thank you, and please join us for some tea outside. 

 
“Infosys Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 13, 2023 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
 
Nilanjan Roy 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
ANALYSTS 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal  
HSBC 
 
Bryan Bergin  
TD Cowen 
 
Ankur Rudra 
JPMorgan 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja  
Kotak 
 
Pankaj Kapoor 
CLSA 
 
Abhishek Bhandari  
Nomura 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
AMBIT Capital Private Limited 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
 
 

Sudheer Guntupalli 
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management 
 
Surendra Goyal 
Citigroup 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO Capital 
 
Abhishek Kumar  
JM Financial 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Infosys Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a 
question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your 
question, please press star then two. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks Inba. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys financial results for Q4 and FY 
‘23. Joining us here on this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, CFO, Mr. Nilanjan 
Roy, and other members of the senior management team. We will start the call with 
some remarks on the performance of the company for the recently concluded quarter 
end year by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which the call will be opened up for 
questions. 
Please note that anything we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-
looking statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. A full statement explanation of these risks is available in our filing with the SEC, 
which can be found on www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call and thank 
you for joining us.  
For the full financial year 2023, we had a good performance with growth of 15.4% in 
constant currency. Our digital business grew 25.6%, now being 62.9% of our overall 
revenue and our core services grew as well at 1.9%.  

We saw broad based growth across our business segments, with most in double digits. 
We had 26% growth in Europe and 12% in the US.  
We had 95 large deals with a value of $9.8 bn for the year, with 40% net new. Our 
operating margin for the full year was at 21%. We generated free cash flow of $2.5 bn 
in the year. Our attrition has continued to decline in each of the quarters through the 
year. 
We are leveraging generative AI capabilities for our clients and within the company. 
We have active projects with clients working with generative AI platforms to address 
specific areas within their business. We have trained opensource generative AI 
platforms on our internal software development library. We anticipate generative AI to 
provide more opportunities for work with our clients and to enable us to improve our 
productivity. 
In Q4, we saw changes in the market environment. During the quarter, we saw 
unplanned project ramp downs in some of our clients and delays in decision making, 
which resulted in lower volumes. In addition, we had some one-time revenue impacts. 
While we saw some signs of stabilization in March, the environment remained 
uncertain. This led to a Q4 year-on-year growth of 8.8% in constant currency and 
quarter-on-quarter decline of 3.2%.  
Our operating margin was at 21% for the quarter and we had $2.1 bn in large deals in 
the quarter. We generated $713 mn of free cash flow in the quarter. 
Our pipeline of large deals is extremely strong. Several of these are mega deals and 
several of these opportunities are for cost and efficiency programs and for consolidation 
projects.  
Some industries such as financial services (in Mortgages, Asset Management, 
Investment Banking), Telecom, Hi-Tech and Retail are more impacted, leading to 
uncertainty in spend and delays in decision making. The US geography is more 
impacted than Europe. 
Keeping in mind the current environment, we have further expanded our internal 
efficiency and cost program to work on our pyramid, onsite ratio, automation, travel, 

subcontractor cost, office consolidation and on pricing. We anticipate this program will 
build a path to higher margins in the medium term. 
We are committed to investing in our people in this period. We are committed to 
working with our clients as we deal with changes in the economic environment.  
Based on our sustained momentum in financial year ‘23, a strong pipeline of 
opportunities, especially focused on cost, efficiency and consolidation, while also 
keeping in mind the uncertain environment, our revenue growth guidance for this 
financial year is 4% to 7% in constant currency. Operating margin guidance for this 
financial year is 20% to 22%. Thank you. 
With that, let me hand it over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining this call.  
FY ‘23 was a year of two halves, mirroring broader macroeconomic conditions. Growth 
was extremely strong in H1 with 20%, year-on-year constant currency which reduced 
to 11.2% in H2 due to the slowdown in verticals like telecom, high-tech, retail, and 
parts of financial services. Q4 came in slower than expected due to some specific client 
ramp-downs in discretionary spend and delayed client decision-making on new deals. 
In addition, we had some one-off revenue impacts, including project cancellations, etc. 
Despite the above, we closed FY ‘23 with a strong 15.4% growth in constant currency, 
leading to continued market share gains.  
Operating margins for Q4 and FY ‘23 were at 21% in line with our guidance. Free cash 
conversion to net profit for FY ‘23 was near 85%. FY ’23 EPS grew by 1.3% in dollar 
and 9.7% in rupee terms. 
Client metrics were strong with the number of $50 mn clients increasing to 75, $100 
mn client counts increasing to 40, and $200 mn client counts increasing to 15.  
LTM voluntary attrition declined to 20.9%. Quarterly annualized attrition reduced by 
over 4% sequentially and is the lowest in the last nine quarters. This is also well below 
pre-pandemic levels. 

Coming to Q4 performance, revenues grew by 8.8% year-on-year and declined by 3.2% 
sequentially in constant currency terms due to the reasons mentioned earlier.  
Utilization declined to 80% on the back of softness in demand. We expect the utilization 
to improve gradually in the coming quarters as freshers starts getting deployed. 
We will calibrate the hiring for FY’24 based on available pool of employees, growth 
expectations and attrition trends.  
Q4 margins were at 21%, which is a decline of 50 basis points sequentially. Major 
components of sequential margin movements are  
- 
tailwinds of 50 basis points on cost optimization, including reduction in sub-
con. 
- 
60 basis points benefit from reduction in PSCS, which is post sale customer 
support. 
Offset by a headwind of about  
- 
70 basis points from a drop in utilization and  
- 
the balance 90 basis points with a combination of revenue one-timers as 
mentioned above, partly offset by other savings.  
Q4 EPS grew by 0.2% in dollar terms and 9% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis. 
Our balance sheets remained strong and debt-free.  
Consolidated cash and equivalents stood at $3.8 bn at the end of the quarter. Free cash 
flow for the quarter was robust at $713 mn with a conversion of 95% to net profit.  
Yield on cash balance was 6.66% in Q4.  
The board has recommended a final dividend of ₹17.50 per share, which will result in 
a total dividend of ₹34 per share for FY ‘23 versus ₹31 per share for FY ‘22, an increase 
of 9.7% per share for the year. Including the final dividend and recently concluded 
buyback, we have returned 86% of FCF to shareholders over the last four years under 
our current capital allocation policy. 
In Q4, we completed the open market share buyback of ₹9,300 crores, buying back 
1.44% of shares at an average buyback price of ₹1539 versus a maximum buyback price 
of ₹1850.  

ROE increased to 31.2% in FY ‘23 from 29.1% in FY ’22 as a result of higher payout 
to investors. 
Coming to segment performance,  
Large deal momentum continued, and we signed 17 large deals in Q4. TCV was $2.1 
bn with 21% net new. Five large deals were in manufacturing, four in FS, three in CRL, 
two each in Life Sciences and Hi-Tech, and one in EURS. 
Region-wise, this was split by ten in America and seven in Europe.  
In FY ‘24, we signed 95 large deals with TCV of $9.8 bn with 40% net new.  
Coming to vertical segment performance,  
Financial services vertical was impacted by budgeting delays at the start of the year led 
by macroeconomic uncertainty coupled with softness in mortgages, asset management 
and investment banking. However, our strong pipeline and large deal-wins in areas like 
infra, production support, cybersecurity and business operations is helping in better 
visibility for FY ‘24. We have a very diverse portfolio of clients in the US and hence, 
exposure to multiple regional banks is less than 2% of our overall revenues. We do not 
anticipate any material impact on our operations as a result of recent news and regional 
banking segment. 
In Retail, there is heightened focus on accelerating digital transformation to enable top 
line growth with rigor in ensuring budgets get spent on right programs to maximize 
ROI. While there is some pressure on discretionary tech spending, companies are 
prioritizing investments in key areas such as e-commerce platforms, supply chain 
management systems and customer engagement tools. 
Manufacturing segment continues to see ramp-up of large deal wins and benefits of 
vendor consolidation. There is increased focus on digital spend, including opportunities 
on ER&D, 5G and industrial IoT. Increased energy prices and interest rates coupled 
with continuous supply chain disruptions is impacting spend on the run side of the 
business, especially in Europe.  
Communications segment is witnessing increased opex pressures, cost cutting ramp-
downs and delayed decision-making. Demand for ideas and solutions are moving from 
cost takeout to revenue growth side with heavy focus on customer success. Cloud and 

mobility remain top driver for 5G adoption. Overall pipeline remains strong, which 
gives us the confidence of growth opportunities in the coming quarters.  
The positive momentum in energy utilities resources and services for FY '23 was 
supported by large deal wins. Our renewed strategy to re-pivot our offerings and 
developing integrated Energy as a Service solution and the focus on the journey to net-
zero initiative has positioned us well ahead of competition. While we are seeing delays 
in kicking off discretionary spend projects, the cost takeout and vendor consolidation 
initiatives continue to pick momentum.  
We expect our revenues to grow by 4% to 7% in constant currency terms in FY '24. 
Our pipeline of large deals remains extremely strong with increased focus on cost 
takeout programs. Operating margin guidance stands at 20% to 22%. The margin 
guidance factors in growth assumptions for FY '24, impact of utilization, employee cost 
increases, further normalization of costs like travel, facilities, etc. We continue to focus 
on various cost optimization and efficiency improvement measures. 
As we look beyond FY '24, we believe we have various levers to generate more 
efficiencies like improving utilization, reducing subcons, improving pyramid apart 
from growth acceleration and potential pricing increases, which will enable us to aspire 
for higher margins over time. 
With that, we can open up the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Our first question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Yes, hi, good evening, couple of questions. Firstly, while the quarter was weak, the 
guidance at the upper end still looks very solid when we just mathematically look at the 
sequential build up from here. So, is that 7% based on some macro pickup or is it what 
you see today 7% is possible? And related to that, Salil, in general, the demand and the 
growth picked up post-COVID. So are we back to pre-COVID growth rate of 5%, 6%, 

7% or FY '24 is one-off? And we can see a pickup from FY '25. And then I have a 
follow-up, please. 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, Yogesh, this is Salil. I didn't catch the second one. I'll go with the first question, 
then you can just repeat the second one. On the guidance, what we have built it with 
today is, what we see with the deals we have sold and the ongoing work that we have 
and then put the range between 4% and 7%. There are different scenarios in which 
different things happen. We have widened the band to three points given the uncertainty 
in the environment. We also have a very strong large deal pipeline with some mega 
deals in the pipeline. Of course, these are always binary. But given the strength of the 
pipeline, we believe that there is, ways that we can achieve the high end of the band of 
guidance. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Got it. So, I was asking, the second question was 4% to 7% is almost going back to pre-
COVID growth rate. So, is it like the new normal again or we can expect some pick up 
again from FY '25? That is one. And also, Salil, I wanted to ask you on the recent 
management exits. Just recently, you had two Presidents and COO. Now all three are 
not there for whatever reasons. So, has it impacted the business by any chance? And 
what is the new structure? Are you going to replace them or is it in, the new structure 
doesn't need Presidents and COO. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first one, as of course, we don't provide a view or a guidance beyond this 
financial year. Underlying the way we see the business, we see two growth drivers. And 
we are well positioned on both in terms of capabilities and track record. One is on digital 
transformation, comprising of cloud and other elements and one is on cost efficiency, 
automation and an additional element, which is on consolidation that comes in through 
that. 
We see both of those drivers working. We have seen a reduction in the digital 
transformation work today. We see more in the cost and efficiency and consolidation 
play today. But going through and depending on where the client is, what the 
environment is, we feel comfortable for both of those drivers to work over time.  

In terms of the structure, we have put in place a structure for the delivery organization, 
which is already rolled out. And in the next few weeks, we'll roll out the new structure 
for our FS team. So, we feel good with the leadership pool that we have within the 
company, who are moving up to take a broader role and a larger role, and that they will 
step up and deliver what we are driving to. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Very helpful. Thank you so much Salil. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you. I wanted to ask on the growth outlook first. At the 
midpoint of your 4% to 7% range, can you give us a sense on how much of the backlog 
is already in hand versus having to go out and convert upon the pipeline to achieve that 
growth target? And does the amount that you have to sign in that pipeline to hit the 
target differ relative to prior years at this time? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, this is Salil. Thanks for that. We don't have a specific number there that we share 
externally. What I can share is, we see through this past financial year, we have had a 
good, large deals booking, $9.8 bn with 40% net new and we see a set of very strong 
active relationships, some of them are expanding through the year through other work. 
And then we saw in Q4 during the quarter, some ramp downs. So, keeping those factors 
in mind, we have built the guidance of 4% to 7%. And we see that we have the ability 
to deliver on that guidance. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay. And my follow-up is kind of on margins here. So, you've cited internal efficiency 
programs that you are going to progress upon, I think, pyramid, office consolidation 
and other items. Is there a stated target of cost reduction that you are expecting to 
achieve? So, a run rate of operating margin expansion? Just trying to get a sense of how 
you think about the structural margins of the business, assuming the efficiency 
initiatives you’ve cited? 

Salil Parekh 
So, there, we put together an internal plan with targets and, a road map for each of the 
subcategories that we outlined and a few others. And we have a view to drive that 
through the next period here in the coming quarters. We have not shared that target 
externally, but our view is to make sure that we put in place, execute on that programs 
in place and deliver to that in the medium term. 
Bryan Bergin 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hello, Thank you. The first question is on, I just wanted to get a bit more color, if you 
can, on the reasons for the very sharpness on revenues and margins versus the guidance. 
Why did it surprise you? And how much of the demand environment has existed 
through the quarter or versus what probably came in the last 30 days? That is the first 
one. 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we saw there was during the quarter, as the quarter progressed, we saw some 
clients ramped downs on programs. And this was across different sectors- Telecom, 
Retail, Hi-Tech and parts of Financial Services- mortgages, investment banking, asset 
management. And that was something which were unplanned as we went through. And 
then additionally, we had some one-time impact, which we saw in the quarter as well. 
Ankur Rudra 
Would you be able to elaborate on the one-time impact, Salil? 
Nilanjan Roy 

Yes, so I think firstly, the majority of the decline is volume-led. The balance of the 
revenue is one-timers which is a combination of specific client issues including the 
impact of cancellations as well, which is just a top line impact, more and more over and 
above the volume impact. So that is the state of play, really for the quarter. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay thank you. On the guidance, I just wanted to get a sense, looking at what happened 
in the quarter and the uncertainty in the environment, are you turning more conservative 
for the guidance setting process for FY24 both on the revenues and the margins versus 
what you may have done before? And also along with that, if you can share what is the 
visibility that you have at the moment for the full year versus what you may have had 
at the beginning of last year? 
Salil Parekh 
So there on the guidance, we took into account what we see typically as we close the 
year in March on what we have had in new large deals and overall new deals. And the 
ongoing work that we have across our client base. And that basically becomes the 
foundation of our guidance. Typically, again, as you know well, we don't have a 
detailed view of Q3 and Q4. So, we have more typically estimates from other years that 
we use. And that is the same approach we have used this year from what we see as we 
look out. And the same on margin we finished the year at 21%.Utilization in Q4 is low 
compared to what we want to target. We have a very strong efficiency and cost program 
but within that program we are very clear that from an employee perspective we will 
continue with our commitment with employees. And so, the utilization will go up 
through the quarters but in the medium term, we will get that impact back into the 
margin and that is how we build the ‘20 to ‘22 margin guidance. 
Ankur Rudra 
Understood. Just a last question on the leadership, I think this was attempted before, 
clearly there has been departures as you know/ acknowledge. And some of them have 
gone to competition, probably will drive hungrier peers going forward. Do you think 
you are losing muscle and increasing the roles and responsibilities at a more 
concentrated leadership team? At least I've seen this from the outside, at a time when 
the industry is facing a tougher period this year? 

Salil Parekh 
Sorry Ankur, I didn't follow you. You said, will we have concentrated leadership or? 
Ankur Rudra 
Yes, the concentrated leadership and basically more roles and responsibilities. As an 
example, on your door or Nilanjan's door versus having three other very senior leaders 
helping you with a wider leadership team. 
Salil Parekh 
Okay. What we have seen and what we know is within the company, there is a very 
strong set of leaders across different roles. On delivery, many of them have now stepped 
up. And clearly any role as you start to step up to delivery and leadership within a large 
company like Infosys becomes more concentrated. And that has been announced and 
rolled out and the same will happen with FS where we are rolling that out in the coming 
weeks. FS segment of course, is a large segment for us. So those will be concentrated 
in that sense. So we will have a leadership structure with a very strong responsibility 
for several of the senior leaders. 
Ankur Rudra 
Understood. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please 
go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Yes, hi. I have a couple of questions. The first question is on the guidance once again. 
Is it back ended or guidance that you've seen with growth through the course of the 
year? And related question to the guidance is that given the deterioration in the macro 
environment along with the huge miss in the 4Q, along with weak signings do you think 
you have been watchful in your guidance for FY ‘24? You know, has the process been 
tightened. Any thoughts on that would be welcome? 
Salil Parekh 

Hi, Kawal. This is Salil, on the revenue growth guidance, the thinking is really spread 
over the four quarters. I'm not sure I would say it is front or back but it is based on what 
we see in the large deals today. And also, in the pipeline that we have, where we do 
have some mega deals in the pipeline. So, that gives some weightage to the guidance 
given where those deals will come in the, later on in the year itself. The second one, 
sorry, Kawal was, are we more conservative? Is that the point?  
Kawaljeet Saluja 
No, has the process of guidance have been tightened, or rather the forecasting process 
has it been tightened given the magnitude of miss in your revenues in the quarter, which 
obviously would have shocked you as well. You know, have you basically built-in 
better cushion, greater cushion in your guidance for FY ‘24? Or is the process and the 
underlying assumptions the way it used to be historically? 
Salil Parekh 
So we have tried to put in place what is changing or changing and uncertain economic 
environment which where we saw some of these impacts. So, those factors have been 
taken in as we build this guidance. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay and the second question that I had is on profitability. You know every company 
would you know I mean want to operate at a certain base level of profitability. Now in 
Infosys’s case, this profitability has been drifting down and the profitability guidance 
is down to 20% to 22%, which is a new low. How should one think about the underlying 
operating assumptions behind these deal wins you know, and the process of bidding for 
large deals? And how does that tail in now with the underlying base of profitability 
aspirations and rather assumption that you have? So how should one think about 
structural profitability, if you may? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Hi, Kawal. Yes, so I think if you step back a bit into the last year and a half, I mean, 
basically the whole chasing of this demand side, three compensation hikes in 15 
months, stretch salaries- all that in a way has made our structure bit inefficient. And in 
a way, part of that today is the reverse that you are sitting with 80% utilization whereas 

you want to be at much higher levels and the pyramid is not as efficient because you 
had to get talent from anywhere when the market was hot. 
So, we have seen a lot of these sort of things during this period where we can identify 
these pockets sub-con  rising to 11.5%. So, we were clear that we had to go behind 
getting the volumes in and we knew we had time to correct the margin structure. And 
therefore, that is fundamentally what we still believe in. Our guidance is just today at a 
midpoint at the end of the year at 21%. And we have enough flexibility guidance in this 
between 20% to 22% and in-a-way 21% is just a midpoint of that. To take care of firstly 
of course there may be some headwinds coming because of compensation, there could 
be something on travel. But at the same time you have levers of improving our 
utilization at 80%, really which is probably on the lowest I have seen. We have other 
opportunities of improving the pyramid, because the higher bench comes with a double 
whammy of course. One is you have the ideal cost of the bench and at the same time 
you have a very rich pyramid. 
So the moment you start moving freshers into the pyramids, you get a double benefit 
of cost that, the idle cost goes away from the bench and your quality of the pyramid 
improves on the production side. So you are sitting on in fact two inefficiencies now. 
These are the levers we start using, pricing etc, still going on, maybe conversations, 
how we built in COLA (cost of living adjustments). So, our aspiration continues to be 
that we continue to look at improving margins from where we are. The guidance is just 
a reflection of the flexibility in this uncertain year and we have ended at 21% as you 
saw consistently during the last year as well. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Sorry to interrupt you Nilanjan there, see uncertainty might be there on revenue but on 
cost, there are only tailwinds and there are a number of tailwinds that you listed out and 
I presume that the labor market is also cooled off, so why bring down the lower end of 
the band actually? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so I think also some is that many some of these levers will take time to put in 
because it is a different situation of how much room you have to deploy levers when 

you are growing at 10% versus when you are going at 4% to 7%. So, for instance you 
have fresher, how fast can you deploy them, when you are growing at 4% is at a 
different pace versus what you were deploying at 7% versus what you were deploying 
at 10%. 
So, all that will still weigh into the structure. It is not that you can immediately say, I'm 
going to overnight change my utilization from 80% to 85% or shift the onsite offshore 
because in a way a slower volume regime has that overhang on how fast can we deploy. 
But like I said, when we started, that we are sitting on these inefficiencies which are 
very visible to us. And we know we can deploy many of these levers which we have to 
continue to aspire for higher margin profiles. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay, got that. Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Thanks for the opportunity. Nilanjan just continuing on Kawaljeet's question around 
margins, two things. One, what kind of a time frame are you looking at for this year's 
wage hike? Are you sticking to first quarter? And what kind of a quantum are you 
expecting? What kind of a margin impact will you foresee of that? Will it be similar to 
last year, or do you think this could be lower this year? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so this will be continuously evaluated. We have built in, like I mentioned, into our 
guidance, the compensation. And we will take the decision during the year as we're 
looking at the market context, to competitive context, so no decision has been taken as 
yet. 
Pankaj Kapoor 

So the hike may not happen in the first quarter, is that what you are saying? 
Nilanjan Roy 
At this moment, no decision has been taken for the hike. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Understood. And at the lower end of the guidance, are you keeping a buffer for some 
kind of a potential pricing pressure that might come in during the course of the year? Is 
that the headwind which you see as the major one, when you are guiding for a 20% 
margin? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I don't think, specifically on pricing. I think it is just that we are at 21% and the 
midpoint between 20% to 22%, just happens to be 21%. And like I said, there may be 
some headwinds and maybe some tailwinds. And of course the aspiration will continue 
to do better than our margins as well. So nothing specific like that in terms of pricing 
contingency or something. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Okay. And Salil, if I look at the net new deal wins, probably this was the lowest since 
we had from the start of the pandemic. I mean, was this mainly due to clients delaying 
decisions on deal awards, towards the last 30 days? And are you building any 
conversion of this to get to that 7% at the upper end of the guidance? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, one of the things we have seen in the pipeline is a slowing in decision making. 
So, large deals are staying in the pipeline longer. Having said that, the net new or even 
the quantum of large deals as we discussed in the past, there is always volatility. These 
are only deals over $50 mn and not everything. It is not a full booking value. And so 
we have always seen that volatility in the past. We think, it is the large deal pipeline 
that we have today, which happens to be a very large pipeline and some mega deals in 
it. We have the ability to drive to our growth guidance as we run through the year. 

Pankaj Kapoor 
So just to clarify at an upper end of the guidance, we are expecting some of those mega 
deals to convert during the course of the year? 
Salil Parekh 
I would not be so specific in that to say what it is based on. We do have a large pipeline 
with mega deals and we anticipate that some of those will allow us to get to the higher 
band of the guidance. 
Pankaj Kapoor 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Thank you for the opportunity. Salil and Nilanjan, this quarter we had certain 
unanticipated external events that led us to miss our guidance of 16% to 16.5%. 
Specially, after we have upgraded at the end of Q3. Do you think you could have 
considered issuing a profit warning citing results from beyond your control? Because 
this time the miss seems to be fairly sudden and shocking in the fourth quarter? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I think when we see the full year, we said 16% and we are at 15.4%. And we said 
21% margin, and we were at 21% as well. So, I am not sure what are you referencing 
to. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Nilanjan where I was coming from, we had raised the band at the end of Q3. We 
signaled we possibly had better execution under control. Of course, things have 

changed there a macro situation beyond our control and there were some 
cancellations. So as a good practice. 
Nilanjan Roy 
This evolved during the quarter right. So the situation also has evolved during the 
quarter, it is not as if suddenly on one day, we wake up and suddenly see that the 
volumes are down. This is a situation during the quarter as well. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Okay. The second question is, Salil, I think in the press conference, you mentioned 
M&A could be an opportunity, where some of the global companies could consider 
selling the captives. Do you foresee a meaningful deployment of capital for that 
particular purpose this year? Are there enough number of such captive conversations 
in your pipeline? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on M&A, I think we have, with a strong balance sheet, the ability to do something 
small or medium or large. Today we look at many opportunities. We will see how 
those fit in. There are various components to it, a strategic fit,  valuations, which are 
much more reasonable today, cultural fit of those companies and the ability for us to 
integrate that in and so all of those we will keep in mind. And if it meets those points 
for us, we will look at those opportunities. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Thank you, Salil. And all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from AMBIT Capital 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity. So Salil, what is the nature of this one-off client issue? 
And when this reverse out like we saw last year in the same quarter, where we took a 

client contract provision. Secondly, is it a single client or multiple client issue that we 
are talking about? And in which segment have you seen this client issue? And I have a 
follow-up. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So like I said earlier, this is a one-off client revenue issues and there are a 
number of clients. It is a mixture of clients, and some of it is a provision against them. 
Some may come back, some may not come back and some of it is also linked to 
cancellations. Because the revenue impact also beyond the volume impact of 
cancellations. Yes there is a mixture of clients there. 
Ashwin Mehta 
And the 10% decline that we have seen in US Telecom, is it related to this, these client 
issues because that appears to be a pretty steep decline? 
Nilanjan Roy 
10% decline in? 
Ashwin Mehta 
In the US telecom business of yours? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I don't think anything specific is coming out of these issues really. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Okay. And the last one is, if I look at your guidance it implies a 2.9% sequential growth 
over the next four quarters. The last we saw this ex of the COVID surge was in FY '16, 
so what drives such a high growth comfort for us in an uncertain environment? 
Salil Parekh 
Can you repeat please? 
Ashwin Mehta 

So the CQGR requirement for your top end of guidance is around 2.9% sequential every 
quarter. This is something that excluding of FY '22, we have seen last in FY '16. So in 
an uncertain demand environment, what drives such a high-growth comfort? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we have seen with our guidance is we have some good large deals that we 
closed in the previous financial year. And we have a pipeline, several of them mega 
deals which gives us the opportunity to have those come into our mix and give us a 
flow through the year. 
Ashwin Mehta 
So would you say the sub $50 mn deal flow is where the traction is much stronger than 
what appears in the greater than $50 mn deal flow that we announce typically? 
Salil Parekh 
We don't have a view that we share typically on the non-large deals, but our large deals 
is one of the components that we use to build out the guidance. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Sure Salil, thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So first is conversion of the order book to revenue. 
If I look at your fiscal '23, you entered the year with a net new deal win of roughly $3.8 
bn, which generated incremental revenues of $1.9 bn. You are entering fiscal '24 with 
a net new deal wins of $3.9 bn, which is pretty similar to last year, but the guidance 
implies incremental revenues of $1 bn at the midpoint. Just trying to understand that 
what has changed that is driving significant downtick in the incremental revenue with 
a very similar net new deal wins in your book. 
Nilanjan Roy 

So, I think part of it is the net new wins and the phasing of that, right? And I think in 
FY '22, you would have seen them more throughout the year. And if you are seeing in 
FY '23, I think the last quarter, for instance somebody has also mentioned has been a 
weaker quarter because there is usually a four to six-month gap between that deal win 
right before it comes into revenue. So I think partly is the phasing, but the underlying 
is I think we have had strong deal wins on both sides and a percentage of net new. I 
think part of the answer is the way the net new has phased in during the year. 
Gaurav Rateria 
So, it is to do with the ACV growth being weaker than the TCV growth. Is that like a 
fair understanding? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Could be, could not be, also a timing of it, right? So I'm just saying that in the net new, 
like, for instance, in quarter 4, is about 21%. So that will reflect in FY '24 going forward 
initially. And then, of course, as new deals ramp up, that is a separate volume impact. 
But the phasing of the wins within that is also to be seen, where the net new has come. 
Gaurav Rateria 
All right. The second question is around the comment that you made around the 
stabilization that you have seen in March. So, is it fair to say that your guidance is 
assuming things are likely to improve sequentially from here on? And this is the worst? 
Or it is difficult to say that the worse is behind us? 
Salil Parekh 
At this stage we are not seeing any of those things. What we are saying is we saw some 
stabilization, but the environment is uncertain. So, we are watchful and agile. And one 
of the reasons we have expanded the growth guidance band to three percentage points 
is to take that into account. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Got it. Last question from me on the margins. So how much of the margin downtick is 
primarily a cost-led issue, which will rectify over a period of time? And how much it is 
kind of flexibility you have given to yourself to go after the deals, which may have a 
fundamental different contract profitability? 

Nilanjan Roy 
Like I said we explained how we have done the margin guidance. We ended at 21%. 
That is the midpoint of 20% to 22%. We have some headwinds. We have some 
tailwinds. And this margin allows us that flexibility as well. Of course, we continue to 
aspire to improve that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We'll take a next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak 
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead.  
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Hi good evening, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of clarifications. Due to 
unplanned ramp-downs and cancellations, you said we have seen a sharp 3.2% fall in 
the revenue. However, margins fell just 50 basis points. And even based on the 
positioning of margins you gave, utilization and cancellation led impact isn't so much 
in proportion to 3.2% fall in revenue.  
Logically, this decline of this magnitude should have entailed a much bigger margin 
impact, given the cost recalibration is difficult in the near term. So just curious, is there 
any sizable pass-through element which would have gotten rolled off, which would 
have also led to the revenue decline? Or is there any deferred cost component, which 
will come and hit us in the subsequent quarters? 
Nilanjan Roy 
As we went through the margin walk earlier, if you go back to our script, we have 
explained the four key elements. I think they are quite clear of how the margin has 
moved from 21.5% to 21%. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Sure. And the second part, the reason why I'm also asking about this pass-through 
component is the SVB scare and the sentiment overhang sort of unfolded from 10th 
March, post which there were 12 to 15 working days. And the revenue was almost 3.5% 
to 4% short of guidance or expectations, which means there is a $180 mn revenue 
swing. It looks quite a bit for 12 to 15 working days of invoicing, so again to put it 

conversely, is there a deferred revenue component, which can come in the subsequent 
quarters since you also mentioned somewhere about the provision reversal or one off? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I am not clear on your question really. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
No. What I was asking was in general, the macro sentiment overhang unfolded in the 
last quarter? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I think if you say that whether all the shortfall of 3.5% has happened in the last, 
like month or something like that? 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Yes. So, you are saying the 3.5% shortfall is evenly spread from the beginning of the 
quarter itself and not necessarily SVB etc. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, of course the onetime is a different issue, but the majority of the drop in revenue 
is because of volume. And like Salil said, this was pretty much after 15th  and we have 
actually seen March stabilizing. So it was in the initial half of the quarter. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup. Please 
go ahead.  
Surendra Goyal 
Hi good evening. So my first question was on the revenue guidance. Just wanted to 
confirm that the guidance is all organic in nature? 
Salil Parekh 
Yes, the guidance is all organic. 

Surendra Goyal 
And second question is on margins for Nilanjan. So, while I understand that your 
guidance is always annual. But how do you really think about medium-term margins, 
right? So the common question we have been getting from investors, given the direction 
of margins is can it be 18% a couple of years down the line. So, I know you can't 
quantify it, but just wanted to understand how you guys think about medium-term 
margins? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We have explained it earlier in the question to Kawal as well. If you have to step back 
and you see during this period of COVID, for us to go after in a very talent constrained 
environment, the impact on the cost structure of the company all across- per capita cost 
went up, with a combination of compensation stretches, pyramids got skewed, 
basically, fundamentally, you were going behind these large deals. We don’t have time 
to really optimize on all these levers, subcon at a record 11.3%. All these inefficiencies 
we saw, but like we have continuously said during that period that we knew that we had 
to go and grab that volume, and we would have enough time to subsequently as we start 
unwinding those inefficiencies and this is a cost optimization program we run 
throughout That is where we still think these inefficiency still exists across- utilization 
is a classic one, we're sitting today at 80%, as we mentioned and it is got a double 
whammy on cost, like I mentioned earlier. So, these are things we will continue to target 
on and aspire to improve our margins, and 20% to 22% really gives us that flexibility 
and 21% just happens to be the midpoint where we ended the year. 
Surendra Goyal 
Sure, I get the annual guidance. My question was more medium-term because in good 
demand scenario, margins go down because of supply side issues and in bad demand 
scenario, possibly, they go down because of either pricing or whatever other reasons. 
So maybe, I'll just take it offline. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO Capital. 
Keith Bachman 

Yes. I had two questions also. Could you talk about what the growth rate of the backlog 
in the pipeline was during the March quarter and how that differed during the December 
quarter? I'm just trying to understand the magnitude you called out volume was the 
major driver. But how did it impact the overall backdrop? And within that context, 
could you give us a sense of you called out there are several onetime events for 
customers. Could you give a quantification about what that was in the quarter? 
Nilanjan Roy 
We don't quantify that. But like I said, the majority has been because of volumes and 
the balance has been because of the one-timer across clients, some of them related to 
cancellation and other provisions. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay but you don't want to give a characterization of what those cancellations were a 
quantification of it? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, I don't think anything else we have to add on this, Keith. 
Keith Bachman 
My second question then relates to pricing. And the previous question, I think, was 
trying to get at this. I'm not sure I understood the answer. But if you think about the 
guidance that you provided- on the one side, perhaps I would think that you give COLA 
benefits associated with your contracts, but a lot of your customers, frankly, are 
experiencing the same economic weakness you are and therefore, could negotiate can 
tougher pricing as we look out over the next 12 months. In other words, what price 
reductions because they're experiencing economic pain as well. So maybe just talk how 
are you thinking about like-for-like pricing as you look out over the next 12 months in 
terms of the forecast that you provided  
Nilanjan Roy 
If you see pricing in generic, and I won't say how much of the pricing element has been 
built in. So, this is a program we started about a year and half back. And it is a 
combination of two or three things. One is the renewal discounts, which clients come 
back when programs are ending. And basically, after productivity increases at the 

renewal stage, which we are just loosely calling discounts. That is something which we 
have really curved over the last few years, basically pushing back on the renewal 
because there are other ways we can get productivity as well. So that is something which 
has actually stemmed quite a lot. In fact, clients understand that we have to also provide 
for our own talent and in this hot talent market to compensate their teams. So that is 
something which we have learned appreciate as well. So that is one part of it. 
Second, is the program, which we run on digital pricing where we're going after new 
digital deals and this is a combination of how we have changed our pricing model into 
linking it, for instance, the new early acquired subsidiaries which have higher pricing, 
it could be more broad-based pricing, outcome-based pricing. There are new 
innovative pricing construct, so that is second. 
Third is simple hygiene work of having COLA clauses into our MSAs. And of course, 
how much you can execute and implement is a different question, but at least with 
that and deals going in, at least you have a starting point to negotiate with the client as 
well. 
So it is all three we look at in terms of existing deals, new deals and renewals and of 
course, you have clients where we are able to push this through great levels, some 
clients ask for that to be ploughed back into the employee sets. Some clients, it 
depends on markets, of course, who are going through their own sort of concerns on 
their environment, it may be more difficult. And therefore, it is literally horses for 
courses in which we go literally client by client to see where we can get an 
improvement in the underlying RPP realization. 
Keith Bachman 
And so, what is the underlying assumption associated with the guidance for FY '24? 
And how is that different on what you've experienced 
Nilanjan Roy 
We don't break down our guidance into volume and price, if you want to call it that 
way, it is contracted into the overall guidance. 
Keith Bachman 

Yes, more just directional. Is it the same, better or worse, just kind of directional 
barometer? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. We would expect pricing to improve, right? Now I can't give you a sense of 
versus last year, how much will this improve, but yes, we have pricing improvements 
built into our overall plan. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay fair enough many thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my question. You've seen some divergence in 
the client behavior that we have talked about versus what some of our larger peers 
have spoken about. One, we have seen march stabilizing while what we heard 
yesterday was march actually deteriorated? 
And second, the discretionary spend for peers have actually got deferred and not 
canceled, while we have seen certain cancellation in the project. So in that context, 
just wanted to understand the nature of these projects which are being cancelled, are 
these discretionary or there are also vendor consolidation deals  
Salil Parekh 
What we shared was that some of the projects or programs were stopped in an 
unplanned way during the course of the quarter. These are not resulting from vendor 
consolidation. These are resulting from decisions that the clients have typically made 
on their spends given the environment that they are faced. 
Abhishek Kumar 

Okay, sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks everyone for joining us. As we shared through the call, first, for the full year 
we had good growth, good margin, good cash collection. We saw during the quarter 
some situations which were new situations during the quarter with the changing 
environment. We have a strong guidance for next year of 4% to 7% of growth. We 
have a good guidance on margin. We have put in place even more emphasis on our 
cost and efficiency plan, which has many components at a detailed level, and we look 
to see that benefit come through over a multi-year period and aspire to higher 
margins. 
And we have an extremely strong pipeline with large deals and some mega deals, 
especially on cost efficiency and automation. With that, we feel the business remains 
in a good position and we have the ability to work through different environments on 
digital transformation and on cost efficiency consolidation as the course of the year 
develops. So, we look forward to executing on that and connecting with you at the 
end of this Q1. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
