HLIN   HLECTRONICS   LIMITED
ELIN HOUSE, 4771, BHARAT RAIVI ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website  :  www.elinindia.com  `          Tel.  :  91-1143000400    Fax  :  91-11-23289340
February 16th, 2023
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th F]oor,
Plot No. C/1, G BIock,
Bandra - Kur]a Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
ISIN: INE050401020
=£#"=
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dala] Street, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
Dear Sirs,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on 13th February, 2023.
Pursuant  to  Regulation  30  of  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  &  Disclosure  Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for
the Quarter ended 31St December, 2022 held on Monday, 13th February, 2023.
The   above   information   is   being   uploaded    on   the   website    of   the   Company    at
www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
M No.: A30540
CSO,elinindia.com
EE©
®rfuty
Factories:-
C-142-143-144-144/1-144/2IndustrialArea,SiteNo.1,BulandshaharRoad,Ghaziabad-201009(U.P.)
L-84, Vema Industrial Area, Electronic City, Vema, Goa -403722.
village: Beli Khol, Post: Manpura -174101, Teh: Nalagarh, District: Solan (Himachal Pradesh)
Regd. Office:  143, Cotton Street, Kolkata -700007  . Telefax : 91-33-22685738
CIN : U29304W81982PLC034725                   GSTIN: 09AAACE6449GIZJ

“Elin Electronics Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
ANALYST: 
MANAGEMENT: 
February 13, 2023 
VASE CAPITAL 
5 
vn 
rk ec 
MR. VENKATESH — AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
MR. KAMAL SETHIA— MANAGING DIRECTOR — ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. 
SANJEEV 
SETHIA—- 
DIRECTOR 
EMS 
- 
ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. 
AKASH 
SETHIA—- 
HEAD 
STRATEGY- 
ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
MR. RK CHHAJER — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — ELIN 
ELECTRONICS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 13

Moderator: 
Venkatesh: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Elin Electronics Q3 FY2023 Results Call 
hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing "*" and then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatesh from Axis Capital Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thanks Naveed. Hi everyone on behalf of Axis Capital, we are very happy to welcome you 
all today on Elin Electronics Limited Q3 FY2023 Earnings Call. From the management, we 
have with us Mr. Kamal Sethia, Managing Director, Mr. Sanjeev Sethia — Director EMS, 
Mr. Akash Sethia — Head Strategy, Mr RK Chhajer — Chief Financial Officer. 
I now hand 
over to Mr. Kamal Sethia for his opening remarks. Thanks and over to you Mr. Sethia! 
Thank you very much Venkatesh. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. This 
is Kamal 
Sethia and we also have on call today our director Sanjeev Sethia, Akash Sethia — Head of 
Strategy, and CFO RK Chhajer. Thank you very much for joining our first earning call for 
the quarter ended December 2022. Coming to overall performance for the third quarter 
which is historically the softest quarter for us and further as the demand across our industry 
was also subpar, our consolidated revenue for the quarter ended 31% December 2022 was 
Rs.2023 million against Rs.2585 million in the same period last year, that is a degrowth of 
22%. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.133 million against Rs.162 million in 
the same period last year, a degrowth of 18%. Consolidated PAT for the quarter was 46 
million against Rs.69 million in the same period last year and a degrowth of 33%. We are 
happy to share that post our IPO we are now a debt free company with net cash of Rs.860 
million. Given that the IPO happened only recently, full benefit of reduction in finance 
costs will be seen in the next fiscal. Our capex in Q3 was 127 million which compromised 
of approximately Rs.50 million in 33 kVA line for uninterrupted power supply and lower 
tariffs plus Rs.50 million in plant and machinery and balance towards space creation. Our 
working capital cycle for Q3 2023 was net 59 days against 66 days in Q3 2022. 
Now I will share with you the performance and the strategy in each of our businesses going 
forward. 
In lighting fans and switches segment, the revenue for the quarter was Rs.753 
million against Rs.921 million representing a year on year degrowth of 19%. This was 
primarily driven by reduction of 47% year on year in revenue of fans segment for Rs.140 
Page 2 of 13

Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
million to Rs.75 million due to introduction of new energy efficiency norms by Government 
of India with effect from 1* January 2023. 
‘We understand that the inventory of old fans that is non stared fan has largely cleared out 
and channel stocking of energy rated fans has begun. Due to the subdued market new 
launches of BLDC and TPW fans that is table, pedestal and wall fans were delayed from Q4 
FY2023 to Q1 FY2024. Lighting including flashlights although saw a reduction of 100 
million from Rs.740 million to Rs.640 million however going forward with introduction of 
street light and increased quantity of batons, this segment is poised for gradual growth. In 
the small appliances segment revenue reduced from 400 million to Rs.313 million this was 
primarily driven by mixer grinder where revenue fell from Rs.162 million to just 47 million. 
Irons were also down from 141 million to 119 million, marginal drop. Sale of personal care 
product however that is hair dryer, hair straightener and trimmers were up from 78 million 
to Rs.128 million. This should get further Philip from trimmer where full scale production 
has begun in Q4 FY2023. To arrest the decline of sale of mixer grinder and hand blender, 
we have taken 
a strategic decision to assemble motor related appliances such as mixer 
grinders and hand blender at our Ghaziabad facility where motors are being made currently. 
These appliances 
till now were assembled 
in Badi. 
This should result 
in cost saving 
specially on packing and freight of motors which are manufactured in Ghaziabad and then 
sent to Badi to be manufactured into a finished product. We have also turned our attention 
to the ODM aspect on appliances with the hire of a new development head for design. We 
expect to launch ODM models of irons and mixer grinders in two to three quarters from 
now. Additionally, we expect to launch a range of new products with electric sterilizer, 
heated hairbrush, kettles, 
etc., over the course of each of the next four quarters. 
In FHP 
motor segment revenue are down from 609 to 360 million primarily driven by reduction in 
sale of mixer grinder motors from Rs.470 million to 260 million. The decision of moving 
assembly of mixer grinder and hand blender from Badi to Ghaziabad should help increase 
in captive consumption of motors as well. Sale of hand motors were down from 101 million 
to 57 million only due to changes 
in government regulation explained earlier. We are 
entering the air conditioning market with supply of outdoor unit motors. We also expect 
that sale of chimneys and therefore chimney motors should increase post increase of custom 
duty on chimneys from 7.5 to 15% 
in the budget. We are also 
in the initial stage of 
evaluating motors for electric vehicles for two and three wheelers. Overall Q3 FY2023 has 
been a challenging quarter for us. We understand from our customers that overall market 
sentiment was down resulting in low sales due to unfavorable macro environment amidst 
rising interest costs. For an average middle class customer, interest rate on home loans have 
gone up from 6.5 to 9% per annum in one year resulting in increase in EMIs and consequent 
Page 3 of 13

Moderator: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
decline 
in discretionary income which has 
a direct impact on consumer durables and 
appliances sales. However, we believe that this aberration to be temporary and that this 
should correct itself in a couple of quarters or so. While things are looking up, we expect 
Q4 to be better than Q3 but 
still muted compared to last year. We continue to make 
investment in our business and have high conviction in it. I think I will pause here and me 
and my team are there to take up the questions from everybody thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Kindly proceed. 
Yes very good evening everyone. Thank you for taking the question. First question 
is 
Kamal ji if you could guide us now with this sudden weakness that we have seen in the 
demand in third quarter and you are indicating that the same is likely to sustain in fourth 
quarter as well where should our annual revenue numbers be for the full year and what kind 
of margins should we end the current year with at EBITDA level. 
Sandeep so I think given the current scenario we will probably end this year at about the 
same revenues as last year so we will be flattish year on year. As regards EBITDA margins 
while the core business continues to maintain the same level of margin. However, given 
some of the investments that we are doing there may be a slight dip in the absolute rupee 
EBITDA year on year, does that answer your question. 
Yes understood margins maybe a little lower year on year so where we ended at around 7.3 
last year they should be lower by a couple of bps over there. 
It should be in and around. Like I said the core business will definitely enjoy approximately 
7 odd percent but like 
I mentioned because of some of the other investments that we are 
doing. 
I will just give an example like we are migrating to SAP software system. We are 
migrating to SAP now that is a onetime revenue kind of expense which may kind of impact 
our profitability one time this year, but because it is one time I would not pay kind of too 
much attention to that. Like I mentioned the core business continues to enjoy a healthy level 
of profitability. 
Got it so how much would that one time such dip in other investments totally contribute to. 
It 
is probably a little bit too early to just quantify that but maybe we can just connect 
offline. I will just kind of just get the totality of these one offs and happy to connect offline. 
Page 4 of 13

Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Same outlook if you can also share also Akash for next financial year this FY2024 what are 
revenue growth targets and where do we expect the margin to head out to. 
So on the margin front we remain fairly confident that we will definitely be north of 7% 
EBITDA. We should be in and around the 7.5% kind of mark this is for FY2024 and in 
terms of from a flat perspective in FY2023 we expect a growth of at least 30% in FY2024 
in terms of revenue. 
Understood regarding the segments Akash 
I have a couple of more questions. Firstly of 
course a very detailed explanation was given regarding each of the segments, but within 
small appliances what was the primary reason for such a sharp decline in with mixers and 
grinders is it because of products not being as priced competitively we lost share to some 
other companies which is why we are moving production from Badi to Ghaziabad or is it 
because of any other reason that you could highlight where the market share of the brands 
to whom we sell is going down or generally we are in line with market. Could you give a bit 
more colour on there more granularity on that. 
Basically we have been in touch with all our customers. We have quite a few number of 
customers 
for mixer grinder and most of the leading customers they were themselves 
surprised on low off take of mixer grinder across. We also supply our motors to lot of mixer 
grinder manufacturers who are sourcing motors from us, even their revenue was cut down 
on mixer grinder specifically in December quarter. It is very difficult to pinpoint the main 
reason for reduction in that sale. People were skeptical that probably as the star rating is 
coming into fan, it might also come into mixer grinder so that was kind of pushing the sales 
down, but I do not have any pin pointed reason of reduction in that. These are the feedbacks 
I am getting from customers on low sales. 
No Kamal ji my question was to ask whether we are in line with market decline or if you 
could say how much was the volume decline versus price decline because the numbers that 
you shared indicate a such sharp decline that mixer grinder sales have almost become 1/3 of 
what we did so if you could give breakdown of price volume and probably how much we 
would have declined according to industry growth rate in your sense. 
So 
I would say that we made 89,000 mixer grinders in last year October to December 
against this we could make only 25,000 or 25,500 pieces in last December quarter 2022 so 
it was a significant decline in that. As I said it was very difficult to pinpoint any particular 
reason on reduction on sale of mixer grinder. What to 
my mind comes 
is that probably 
Page 5 of 13

Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Sanjeev Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
people we are also thinking that maybe the star rating in mixer, grinder can also come in so 
that is why they have postponed their sales. So it was a sharp decline, but 
it was across 
industry segment. As I said like lot of mixer, grinder manufacturer buy motor from us even 
their sales saw almost 50 to 70% decline in off take of motors as well as for us a complete 
mixer grinder also saw that kind of decline so it is difficult for me to pinpoint any particular 
reason ad even our customers we have been trying to take feedback. They could not really 
update on what are the reason. We have been doing mixer grinders for the last 15 to 20 
years. Price is never a challenge but to optimize our operations we thought of moving 
it 
from Badi to Ghaziabad because motor is a major infrastructure there and we could save on 
packing and freight cost that much advantage we can pass on to the customer if we are able 
to increase sales so that is the primary reason of transferring it from Badi to Ghaziabad. 
Understood and one last question from my side is on the fans 
because of the e-norms we 
understand the sales were muted for last two quarters so far around in the last one and half 
months since this new norms have come in what is the current run rate has it normalized 
sales to where we were prior to these norms coming into effect and the inventory channels 
when it stopped has it normalized or you are still how far away from normalizing may be by 
next quarter can you guide on that and also similarly on the mixer grinder post or end of 3Q 
have you recovered has the market recovered if you could give more outlook on the demand 
per se and essentially just trying to figure out where this 30% growth next year will come 
from that is about it thank you. 
So on mixer grinder front I will speak it is that the traction is back. The orders are flowing 
in pipelines are almost dry so that i's why we see attraction in January and February and this 
quarter we should be able to get because all our customers are now giving us orders for 
mixed grinder as well as motors so we feel that the worst is over for mixer and grinder and 
now it is gaining traction and for the other segment I will request Sanjeev because Sanjeev 
looks after business to come in and he will explain the reason for that. Yes Sanjeev. 
Hi this is Sanjeev Sethia so with respect to fans yes the demand is back though we are 
seeing healthy orders right from January onwards for both the star rated fans and other 
categories of fans like fresh air fans another category of fan which 
is going to be a big 
growth driver for us is the TWP category like Kamal ji had earlier mentioned that because 
of this lull in demand of overall fan business that launch has got pushed up by about two 
months so we expect that in March our TWP category also should start and that will further 
give us a boost in that growth and will be back in terms of what is the forecast for the fan 
business so yes fan is back to the expected volume. 
Page 6 of 13

Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Akash Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Sanjeev Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
‘We have a follow up question from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Kindly 
proceed. 
Hi Sir. 
I thought I will just take a couple of more follow up on this. One is also we have 
shared a detailed launch timeline of multiple products over the next four quarters if you 
could give some indication what is the kind of additional top line that we are looking at 
from all of these products combined in a FY204 and since the launch is going to happen in a 
staggered manner what will be the full potential of all of these new products in FY2025 as 
well. 
Thank you Sandeep for your questions, we have various products across categories that we 
are launching like you rightly pointed out at various different points in time over the next 
few quarters. If I were to give you a broad sense oft the aggregate revenue potential of these 
new products for the next fiscal which is fiscal 2024 conservatively speaking we should be 
in and around 200 Crores kind of mark Rs. 200 Crores from all of the new products that we 
have indicated for fiscal 2024. 
And for 2025 how much can we ramp up to. 
1 do not want to kind of make that assessment today. The reason is that for a new product 
typically certain ramp timeline all of that so 
I am just giving you a very conservative for 
2024 probably we will be able to update the correct number for 2025 for the new products 
in a couple of quarters from now once we see how the market is kind of taking. 
Got it second thing also is on the PLI part. We had applied for a license under the white 
goods category where are we in terms of starting production under this incentive scheme 
and what kind of revenue build up should happen under PLL Will we book anything in 
FY2023 are we eligible or how much would happen from FY2024 on the PLI side. 
So Sanjeev looks after the lighting business can you update on that Sanjeev on PLL 
As far as PLI is concerned lighting is the business where we qualify for as of now probably 
the ACOD motor could 
be another going forward 
so currently we have made some 
investments in the lighting business with respect to the PLI scheme and overall if you see 
the lighting business there is some growth. We will be growing at 6 to 7% or maybe slightly 
more than that let us say as compared to last year so I do not expect the PLI to have a very 
Page 7 of 13

Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Sanjeev Sethia: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
significant contribution on the overall revenue for let us say this fiscal but next fiscal with 
some of our new products like we have invested like the street lights and some of the 
connected light I see the revenue touching about around at least 20% plus which will give 
us the crude benefit because the PLI is on incremental sales it is not on the total sales. 
Understood and one last one point over there was on the exports for one of our largest LED 
light customer where they are looking to increase the sourcing from India where are we in 
terms of the lighting, what is the quantum when we are striving for this 20% growth next 
year in lighting for these export numbers as well. 
So basically there were two product categories where we had mentioned that there is 
a 
potential to export one is in the solar street light category which we see of course A the end 
product is exported here but unfortunately it is not a direct export from us. 
I mean it is to 
signified so there we are already seeing a healthy increase as compared to last year the solar 
street lights have picked up and just to give you a number let us say if we were doing an 
average about 300 to 400 numbers of solar street light per month that has gone up to about 
1500 pieces a month so we already see a healthy increase there and these are pretty high 
value products, they are all Rs. 20,000 north kind of product and the second category where 
we have high expectation one was the down light category where we said that Signify is 
looking as part of China plus one strategy to source low cost lighting out of India. We were 
exporting 
this 
directly 
to Signify 
Sri Lanka unfortunately situation 
in 
Sri Lanka had 
deteriorated drastically and that exported come down. We are seeing that things are picking 
up again and we expect A of course those export to start again B our discussions with 
respect to moving some of the products from China are ongoing. What we find is that some 
of these products which were designed and developed for India or specific so maybe in 
there or the neighboring countries they were not meeting some of the more requirements in 
terms of UL and other certification which may be 
a Europe or US would require 
so 
signified in the process of tweaking some of their requirements or some of the product 
design and so that is an ongoing discussion not concluded yet but hopefully very soon we 
should be able to start this process of becoming an alternate major supplier for lights. 
So 
1 might add that principal they have decided to source 
it from India of course the 
tweaking has to be done to suit the European and US requirement which we are in the 
process of doing it so quite hopeful on that front, thank you. 
Understood alright. Thank you so much. 
Page 8 of 13

Moderator: 
Venkatesh: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Venkatesh from Axis Capital kindly 
proceed. 
So 
I had just a couple of questions. The first one is obviously the third quarter revenues 
have been disappointing 
I think from your own perspective also so firstly I would like to 
understand 
I mean when did you actually realize that the quarter was actually not turning 
out the way it was. I mean was it like you right from October and November itself the slow 
down had started or is this something which suddenly started slowing down in the month of 
December so if you could highlight that and that would be very useful. 
See the customers they share forecast to us and they have been very bullish about it that yes 
whatever the forecast is there they will beat and they kept on pushing us to supply that keep 
the material ready to be supplied in anticipation that during Diwali sale and festival season 
sale they will deplete their inventories lying with them but somehow that inventory did not 
deplete so we kept the material ready with us. It was kind of a surprise to us in the end only 
and every day the discussions were on so we were not aware of it. We only came to know 
that yes the sales are sluggish, always the customer was pushing us that you keep the 
material ready we will lift it up do not worry on that but somehow that did not happen so 
we kept our production lines active to meet the demand of the customer but the demand did 
not come up so it was not like kind of we knew it in October, November or December that 
the sale is going to decline. We were hopeful that whatever slow down was there customers 
would move their inventory from their godown and they will pick up from us. So that was 
the reason but 
it was like ongoing process and somehow 
it did not materialize that they 
could move this inventory from their warehouse in time which was very unpredictable and 
like in my 30 to 40 years of experience this kind of situation never has arisen so we have 
been hopeful that yes it will catch up but somehow it did not catch up. 
So as a follow up at the end of third quarter you must have a pile up of inventory of finished 
goods is that the case. 
Basically we are very particular about our inventories and our debtors. We keep a good 
tight control on that so for whatever we were doing we were keeping the material ready or 
let us say we work on two to three days inventory when that gets depleted then we start 
producing other material which is in a day or two we can beat the customer requirement. 
We keep the material ready at our suppliers so they can supply in one or two days time if 
the demand is required so as you will see from the data we have uploaded we have kept our 
inventory in control. We have kept our debtors in control. Akash will share the numbers. 
Page 9 of 13

Akash Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Venkatesh if I can just give you some sense on the days inventory, so as of 31% December 
we had about 52 days worth of inventory. This is 31% December 2022 the corresponding 
number in 31% December 2021 would be approximately 40 days as you can see in 12 odd 
days inventory pileup was there. 
It was not like from a negative sense. I am wondering how this whole cycle happens in the 
sense that a client tells you let us say before the third quarter the client tells you that okay 1 
am expecting a very good festival season so these are what 
I am planning to sell so you 
please make this and keep so would not you already make and keep or is it like you can turn 
it around in like two days and make it and send it to him because I am surprised if the sales 
is disappointing for the third quarter you also have not manufactured also because you felt 
that 
it will be weak like 
I cannot understand what is the turnaround time between they 
telling that I need the product and you manufacturing and giving it to them. 
Okay as a policy we keep three days inventory in our factory, product inventory rest all 
inventory is work in progress or with our suppliers and we can turn it around in three days 
because there are multiple customers and multiple products so that 
is why the policy of 
three days is kept so sudden orders can be met but then within three days if the customer 
gives us a demand so we can make it in one day or two days and supply and meet their 
demand so that is not a challenge for us see if I start to make the entire requirement of a 
month together and keep it in the factory that would have hit us very badly so our suppliers 
are all long term old suppliers they cooperate with us and then our factories also tuned in 
such a way that within three days we can meet the demand. We can convert from raw 
material to finished product and supply to our customers so that is why we keep a minimum 
inventory in our factory. Our normal inventory for domestic product does not go more than 
7 to 8 days. Import of course we have to keep a bigger inventory but in our process let us 
say 90% of the material is locally sourced only 10% imports are there so that is why we can 
manage our inventors in a proper way. 
Okay my second question has two parts now first of all this year you have said that your 
number will be similar to last year which is around 1100 Crores approximately now post 
that you are expecting like 30% growth for FY2024 so that comes to like 1430 Crores or so 
approximately so the first part of the question is it possible to share your thought process, 
the breakup of that 1430 Crores which are the sub segment wise where you are going to get 
how much 
so that would 
be useful 
A, 
second part 
is 
most 
of the consumer durable 
companies, consumer electrical companies say that over the last year, year and a half they 
have all increased prices by 12 to 15% or so, so there is a sticker shock whatever that their 
Page 10 of 13

Kamal Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
retail inflation 
is too much so for example if you see all the B2C companies they have 
struggled to grow even 5% so why do you think this will change next year in the sense that 
the high prices are still there next year, the high interest rates will be there next year also, 
the EMI will be high next year also so is it not possible that next year also you might have a 
downside risk to this 30% kind of growth because 30% growth is a very large growth so 
what 
is allowing you to grow faster is 
it like new product lines are coming in or new 
geographies are coming in if you could throw some light. 
See there are two aspects to it. First of course the existing business how it is growing and 
second is the new product which we are launching so I see out of the 30%, 16 to 17% sales 
are coming from the new products which were to be launched in let us say Q3 or Q4 now 
they have moved to Q1 next year so that is kind of a sale we expect from the new product 
launches. All these products are import substitute products which customers were importing 
so they have some orders in pipeline so ramp up time is there but then this almost 16 to 
17% is coming from the new product and rest of it is coming from our existing product 
category. In the last quarter some raw material prices were getting moderated. We had 
passed on 3 to 4% reduction also on most of our products to our customers because of the 
commodity prices moderation so that of course we do not see much of a problem there that 
in the coming year of course with the current inflation as the January and February markets 
are picking up so we do not see a challenge there that we will not be able to meet the next 
years target and the targets what we have made is kind of realistically conservative forecast 
we have projections we are doing so we do not see much challenge there. 
Okay now as a follow up you mentioned there were a few products which were supposed to 
be launched in third and fourth quarter which has got now postponed to the next year if you 
could just highlight what are those products which were supposed to be launched which got 
postponed and why it got postponed. 
So first and foremost let us talk about TPW fan. TPW fan was supposed to be launched in 
December quarter but the markets were 
so bad and the customers were waiting and 
watching the movement of their existing inventory so in the down trend market people tend 
to not launch their new products. They want to launch the new product when markets are 
moderate so TPW fan is a big business for us going forward and these were all imported 
products and we have got a very good support from our customers to localise it which we 
have successfully done and it has already started, the trial productions and mass production 
have started. Full traction will come from Q1 next year. Another product let us say BLDC. 
BLDC fan again were put on the backburner because of market was so low now 
it has 
Page 11 of 13

Venkatesh: 
Akash Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Akash Sethia: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
already started picking up almost 200 to 300% growth we see BLDC going forward that is 
the kind of orders we have already received from our customers so these are the two 
categories which were delayed on the launch everything was ready and I mean slowdown in 
the market people tend to delay the launch. Third category I would say is the ODM product 
what we are manufacturing for that we have already started the tooling normal cycle for 
ODM product from concept to launch is around four to five months so that at least four to 
five models of appliances our tooling has been loaded and those tooling which have been 
loaded they are unique kind of product not in our existing range so we see that that is an 
additional market we are going to get and most of these products are import substitute. 
Customers were importing now they have thought of localizing 
it. Example again next 
product can be chimney now the duties have gone up so now there is a big trust from all our 
customers to fast track the development of chimneys for them and which we are also geared 
up and doing it so we are going to see a new trust in demand for chimneys because we 
already make chimney motors in house now 
it 
is a matter of making complete chimney 
clear. We have all high value products which are going to drive our projections for the next 
year so we are quite hopeful on that and going forward definitely we see 
a lot of new 
customers getting added to us for these categories what we are launching. 
Actually I had a couple of more questions one is this quarter you did something like 200 
Crores kind of revenues I mean what exactly was your plan at the beginning of the quarter 
was it more like 250 Crores, 300 Crores I just want to get an idea how much was the scale 
of the disappointment in this quarter for you. 
So Venkatesh 
I think at start of the quarter what was in the pipeline was probably around 
275 Crores mark obviously when I say 275 it is plus minus 5% kind of variation against that 
we are at about close to 200 so it is almost about 35 odd percent. 
Okay and last question from my side. Now when I see your numbers for three quarters your 
gross profit margin which is revenues less raw material cost and inventories if I adjust all 
those things it seems like your gross profit margins have been slowly inching up so what 
exactly is driving this gross profit margin improving. 
That is a function of predominantly one of sales mix improving and two like I said typically 
the raw material price reduction, the benefit of it comes to us with a slight lag in some cases 
on a monthly basis in some cases on quarterly basis but it is probably a mix of those two 
one is improving sales mix two is like I said softening of commodity prices. 
Page 12 of 13

Venkatesh: 
Akash Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Akash Sethia: 
Venkatesh: 
Moderator: 
Kamal Sethia: 
Moderator: 
Elin Electronics Limited 
February 13, 2023 
Okay if I could ask one more I mean on a steady state basis what kind of EBITDA margins 
is possible or we will remain in the 7 to 8% kind of a band am I correct. 
Absolutely that is the number that you should work with. 
I mean midpoint of that so we 
typically work with 7.5 kind of EBITDA margins on a steady state. 
Okay and on our ROC it will be around 10 to 11% pre tax correct. 
So ROC if you look at it, pre IPO it was actually close to 16 odd percent it is only post the 
IPO because what has happened is that the equity base has kind of expanded now so that 
money needs to be put into use so we invested and there on returns will kind of start 
flowing so in the interim period probably for a year or so ROC will optically look a 
little bit 
lower, but if you look at our ROC number for example the first half number or last year's 
number they were still north of 15% on pre tax basis. 
Okay that is all from me. All the very best. 
Thank you I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you so much. 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 13 of 13
