 
13th February,  2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Manager – Listing 
M/s. BSE Ltd. 
 
 
 
M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Dalal Street, Fort  
 
             “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
  
Bandra (E) Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 524816 
 
 
Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Sub:- Transcript of earnings conference call held on 10th February, 2023  
Ref:-  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),  
            Regulations, 2015  
 
We are herewith enclosing copy of the transcript of the Company's earnings conference 
call for Q3 FY23 held on 10th February, 2023. This transcript is also uploaded on our 
website www.natcopharma.co.in. 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer   
CHEKURI 
VENKAT 
RAMESH
Digitally signed by CHEKURI VENKAT RAMESH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=4579, 
pseudonym=d1142860d79d49c78c641d7d24919001, 
2.5.4.20=8fa377e665b0789f3f534cf6cba6c017b25cf37eae142a11
305b010bb5b04232, postalCode=500090, st=Telangana, 
serialNumber=f6910746a5f5b7b789b80a6f72d19727f6631efba3d
e76111828b13e92252ebc, cn=CHEKURI VENKAT RAMESH 
Date: 2023.02.13 11:39:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
  
“Natco Pharma Limited 
. Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 10, 2023 
 
       
  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV NANNAPANENI – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH CHEBIYAM – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT - CROP  HEALTH SCIENCE – NATCO 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KUNAL RANDERIA – NUVAMA WEALTH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to NATCO Pharma Limited Q3 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal Randeria from Nuvama Wealth. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Thank you, Vivian, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Securities, 
I welcome you all for NATCO Pharma's Q3 FY '23 Earnings Call. So with us today we have 
NATCO Pharma's senior management team represented by Mr. Rajeev Nannapaneni, Director 
and Chief Executive Officer: and Mr. Rajesh Chebiyam, Executive Vice President, Crop Health 
Science. Over to you, Rajesh, for opening remarks. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Thank you, Kunal. Good morning and welcome everyone to NATCO's conference call 
discussing our earnings results for the third quarter of FY '23. During this call, we may be making 
certain forward-looking statements or statements about future events. And anything said on this 
call, which reflects our outlook for the future must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that 
the company faces. 
I would like to state that the material of the call, except for the participant questions, property of 
NATCO, cannot be recorded or broadcast without NATCO's expressed written permission .We'll 
begin with the results highlights and followed by an interactive Q&A session. So, again, we 
hope you have received our financials and the press release that was sent earlier. It's also 
available on our website. 
NATCO recorded consolidated total revenue of INR 513.3 crores for the third quarter ended 31 
December 2022 as against INR 590.7 crores for the same period last year. That had a one-time 
licensing fee revenue. Net profit for the period on a consolidated basis was INR 62.3 crores as 
against INR 80.4 crores same period last year.  
For the nine months ending December 31, '22, the company actually recorded a total revenue of 
INR 1,884.8 crores as against INR 1,433.2 crores same period last year, reflecting almost 31.5% 
growth. And on the net profit side, the company recorded INR 439.5 crores as against INR 220.5 
crores, reflecting almost 100% improvement in PAT. On the segment and revenue split, this has 
already been shared with you. We'll pause here and we'll take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
A couple of questions from me. One on the employee cost, I believe there's a INR 29 crores one-
time VRS. Is this one-time? And if so, ex the VRS, the employee cost ends up being INR 77 
crores for the quarter, which is materially lower than the previous quarters? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
VRS, I have to check that number, Tarang. Give me a moment. Let me just check and find out. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. I'll just take my second question till then. How should we look at accretion in the 
agrochemical business from here on? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Let me answer the VRS question. I think that is for the year that charge has happened. In this 
particular quarter, it doesn't reflect that INR 27 crores charge from what I understand. And so, 
the consistent salary is what's been shown in this quarter. Okay? And the second question is, 
how is the agro division? Agro division is doing very well. Even though it's off-season, we 
couldn't launch because the court clearance took us till October. 
So I think we had a good reasonable start. I think we had about little less than INR 10 crores of 
revenue in that division. I think we feel that it should do very well. I think this quarter, in the 
January to March quarter and, of course, the coming kharif we'll do extremely well. And our 
thinking is that, we should do about INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores in this division, which is 
so far has not contributed any revenues, so this will happen this year in the next 12 months and 
I think we're very confident. I think everything looks good. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, Rajeev, I mean, in terms of your conversations with your B2B customers and the way you 
must have firmed up your channels. I mean, all of that is in place, correct? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think B2B customers are all lined up and I believe I think B2B customers will not -- will make 
up probably 25% to 30% of sale. I think 65% to 70% of sales will be our direct label, our own 
label. And the real value is in your own label, Tarang, not selling to B2B customers. And I think 
we are seeing good traction, we have launched all the combinations, and some of the 
combinations we are the only product other than the innovators. So, I think we're in very good 
space and I'm very excited. I think this quarter you will -- we'll see some uptake because of the 
UP sugar season, I think, and then, of course, the kharif in the next quarter. 
So, as you know, in agro, I think a lot of the sales happen in the kharif season. So a lot of the 
sale will get reflected in this quarter and the next quarter, I think. It will be lumpy in Q4 and Q1 
of next year. So I think that's where things are going. 
Moderator: 
The next question Chetan Doshi from Tulsi Capital. 
Chetan Doshi: 
See, of late, if you see last five years of revenue from pharma, there is no big growth coming, 
except for one-time sales in the current year first quarter. And secondly, our margins are getting 
suppressed year-on-year, if you see. Now, this development of pesticide is definitely a good 
idea, but that is how the company is looking for making up the losses or they are planning to 
have some new development going on in pharma also where high-margin business they are 
expecting? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Okay. To answer your question, see, if you look at our earnings five years ago, lot of it used to 
come from one or two products, it used to come from Tamiflu and little bit from Glatiramer and 
used to come from few -- and doxorubicin. Practically the earnings of those three products have 
declined dramatically, as you know. Oseltamivir has completely vanished. Doxorubicin has 
come down by 85% to 90%. So if you look at, let's say, our balance sheet for 4, 5 years ago, 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
almost 40% to 50% used to come from these big one-time products. So we actually had to redo 
the models completely. So essentially what we did is, we have built subs in Brazil, we have a 
sub in Canada, we have build our ROW business, we started the agro business. So essentially, if 
you look at that business, we have actually build back the same business that we had about five 
years ago with a more steady state revenue and on top of that we have Revlimid. So I think it's 
a very dramatic transformation. 
I think in terms of what we have done in terms of building a more sustainable wider business. 
So when you build a sustainable wider business in multiple geographies, which don't have that 
extra supernormal profit, obviously, the margins are going to be low and there's no way around 
it. And if you look at this particular quarter, for example, Revlimid is very -- there's no -- very 
little revenue, but still it's a very steady state revenue that we have, and revenues are equal to 
what we have, let's say, made about 3, 4 years ago when we had all the one-times. This is without 
any one-time. So -- but you need to understand something. Okay? 
I mean, I say this all the time, but I'll repeat it one more time. The growth in business doesn't 
happen from base. The growth in this business happens from your super extraordinary pharma 
mix. I challenge you on this, on any pharma company that look at any company's balance sheet, 
your base business gives you that minimum margin, which pays the bills and they get normal 
profit. If you want to get growth, you want to get something special, you need to have something 
interesting, and that interesting product is what delivers that bump in the earnings. Without that, 
you'll never have steady growth in earnings or extra profits. 
That's the nature of the business because of the competition that is there in this business, because 
what has happened is, if you look at a product where there are multiple competitors, there's not 
too much margin to be made in a lot of our key markets, especially the US or even our export 
business. That's the structure of the business and in a way, I think Street has to get used to it, and 
even more so pronounced in our balance sheet compared to other people, but more or less that's 
a structure of the business and this is -- it's across the sector, in my personal opinion. Okay? 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, in pharma sector, you are not looking for any big growth coming in next 2 to 3 years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I'm not saying there is no growth. I think you didn't understand what I'm trying to say. I think 
what I'm trying to say, you will get growth from your base business and you will get growth 
from the filings for which you have -- where you have the niche complex filing where you'll 
have an asset. And these will drive the earnings is what I am saying. If you want earnings growth, 
it will come from that, not necessarily -- base business cannot contribute for all the growth. It 
will come from the niche limited competition filings. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So we are planning to get into some specific areas where we can look for good volumes and 
margins, both. So some development is going on, on that subject? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No. What I'm trying to tell you is -- I'm telling the exact opposite. What I'm saying is that, you 
will get business through diversification and multiple countries that will contribute to some 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
percentage of your growth. But the real growth will come from when you do the niche and the 
small -- what you call, high-value small-volume products, that's where the real value will come 
from. So example, we have a lot of Para IV filings and I think we have publicly disclosed. 
We are trying to do some couple of FTFs over and above what we already have. And if we 
deliver like another 3, 4 FTFs, then this whole decade is set. I think our whole concentration is 
doing more niche hard-to-do generics where we see a lot of value, while we build our base 
business by expanding our geography. 
Tarang Agrawal:  
One last question, regarding this pesticides... 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Doshi, sorry to interrupt, sir. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
One last question, please. See, in this pesticides business, you have written in the presentation 
is biopesticides, you mean to say that is biodegradable product? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No. I think that is specifically referring to a particular product. So we have a product called pink 
bollworm which is a pheromone. So pheromone is, it interferes with the mating of -- it's a 
naturally occurring product, which interferes with the mating of the insects. Because it interferes 
with mating of the insects, it reduces the eggs that are laid on the plants, so therefore, there will 
be less infestation on the plant. It was specifically referring to that particular product. 
So the core product, which is driving the earnings which is chlorantraniliprole is not a 
biopesticide, it is a regular pesticide. I think the flavor of the presentation was trying to tell you 
that in addition to this, we're also working on products which are bio image. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
The Central Insecticides Board actually categorizes the pheromone under the biopesticide, so 
that's why we're in that. Okay? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, now on Revlimid, how should we expect the next couple of quarters? We should start 
seeing a profit share booking from next -- from Q4 through Q1, like it happened last time? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, absolutely correct, Nitin. So I think Q4 and Q1 will -- is our expectation and most of the 
profit share will be booked. We'll -- we already shipped the quantify for our Q1. So I think -- so 
we'll have a very good Q1 and Q4 and we'll have a very good year. So our expectation is that, 
this year, overall as a company, I think, we should do about INR 2,700 crores to INR 2,800 
crores in top line, and this year PAT also should be I think closer to INR 700 crores this year. I 
think that's our expectation. Probably our highest revenue and highest PAT in the history of the 
company. And I think lot of it will be helped by Revlimid that we're going to get in this particular 
quarter. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
You said INR 700 crores of profit and about -- is this for '24 you meant right or '23? 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
'23 March. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly on the agro chem business, beyond CTPR, how should we think about this business 
in terms of launches and all incrementally going forward? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think, Nitin, CTPR is going to be the base of the business. I think CTPR will set up the business, 
and this should be the anchor that will allow us to build a larger portfolio. CTPR, its 
combinations itself, I think there's lot of scope in the next 2 years to build out the business. We 
have other products in pipeline and we will launch them over next period of next few years, and 
some of them involve patent litigation as well. So, I think to give you a timeline and what 
products and all, I think we'll disclose that over a period of time, but I think we are very excited 
about this possibility. And I think it has a lot of value. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And do you have, Rajeev, a sense of where the size of the business could be in the next 3 to 5 
years overall agro chem piece for you? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think next 12 months I think I've stated I think what our expectation is that, this business should 
do about INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores. Over a period of time, I believe that this business 
can grow to about INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores, with mostly branded India business driving 
it and eventually the export also picking up. So I think that's our expectation of this business in 
the next few years, but I think, to start with, I think this is the number that we are working with. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Venkat from 3Sigma Financial. 
Venkat: 
Mr. Rajeev, we have been seeing that competitors are able to perform better in the domestic 
market from the growth point of view, while we are seeing challenges in growth is the problem 
with pricing or the sales, so what is actually limiting our growth compared to our competitors? 
And more so in oncology and other divisions, where we have -- where we historically had great 
leadership position actually? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Domestic, I think it's always been a challenge for us because we have always done a limited 
segment. I think we always done a niche segment. I think that's for the challenge, because we 
did a niche segment I think our growth has been limited. I think now we've expanded the 
portfolio. Now we are covering GPs, we are doing cardio, we're doing diabeto, which were not 
done in the past. So I think we launched this division and we have expanded our field force. The 
benefit of that we will see in the next few years. 
Onco has been a lot of competition. I think once you are more spread out in multiple divisions 
then the impact of a particular segment and the pricing of a particular segment will not impact 
the balance sheet as much. And we're also looking for an acquisition, Venkat. I think it will take 
some time. I think we are working on different acquisitions, which allows us better reach and a 
more deeper portfolio.  
We have cash on the books. I mean, we have almost INR 1,030 crores of cash on the books and 
we have very little debt except for working capital debt, we don't have any debt at all. So, I mean 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
-- and we're getting more cash coming forward the next year. So I think we'll find something to 
plug the gap and I think it is going to be a combination of expanding field force and an 
acquisition, which will drive growth in that business. Okay? 
Venkat: 
Yes. So the other question I wanted to have is, I'm sure you must be doing a competitive analysis 
on the sales effectiveness. So I'm hoping that periodic reviews in the right tooling is being 
provided for the sales representatives in the absence of that, the effectiveness may not be really 
so much actually because for comparable size company also, we are seeing better returns, better 
sales from other companies. I just wanted to make a comment we're not expecting any response 
from you, but we see an observation that I have made actually? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Certainly, I think, Venkat, we could have done much better. I think I don't -- I generally don't 
run away from the question, so I'll answer it directly. It is what it is. I think we could have done 
much better. And I think -- but Venkat, you need to structurally also understand our -- we are -- 
we do domestic, it's not that we don't do domestic, but our strength is the regulated market. If 
you look at our facilities and all, we specialize in doing patent litigation abroad, we specialize 
in doing hard-to-do generics. 
When you do a hard-to-do generic, typically, these are all niche peptide products where the value 
proposition is not so big in India. It is big outside India. And if you look at our balance sheet, 
most of our revenue comes out of US and regulated markets. So it's a challenge, when you do 
well in that, that sometimes you miss this. I think in hindsight I wish we could have done more 
things in India, but I think we are fixing it. 
See, Venkat, the way I look at this business is, I think we need to build a more diversified 
business, I think part of that challenge is, you want to build this organically it takes time. It 
doesn't happen over a period of time. I mean, for example, the agro initiative we've taken it about 
3 years. Now we are seeing light at the end of the tunnel. We believe that that business is going 
to increase by INR 150 crores to INR 200 crores. I think we are trying organically to build these 
businesses, but again, I like to build businesses with high-value and high-margin and bring 
something special to the table compared to -- as a company culturally, Venkat, I think we never 
done well selling a commodity. 
We always do well selling something niche or something first in the country-type of portfolio, 
it's a different DNA. I mean, I don't want you to compare us, we are not an apples-to-apples 
comparison with our competitors. But I think, for example, we have done extremely well in the 
regulated market, and we are able to deliver these niche filings all the time. So I think you got 
look at the success at a larger context. 
Venka: 
But one question is, most of the -- rather US has become very competitive market even, when I 
look at the pharma landscape, [inaudible…] people are focusing on the domestic market and 
that's why things were centered around the domestic market... 
Moderator: 
 
Venkat sir, we are not able to hear you clearly. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I understood the question, Venkat. But I'll tell you I'm exactly doing the opposite of what the 
industry is doing. So we are making money in US, when nobody is making money in the US and 
people are making money in India, we're not making as much money as in India. So I think even 
in the US, Venkat, I think, it's just -- the thought has been flawed too many times. I think there 
is ways of making money in the US, but you need to have a very clear strategy on how to make 
money. And you cannot make money by doing a commodity. 
I'll tell you, for example, just for the sake of explanation for all the benefit of the callers today. 
You could never make money in atorvastatin in the US, because there will be so many 
competitors on that generic and they'll never make money as a supplier of atorvastatin in the US, 
but if you have a brand of atorvastatin in the US, in India you will actually make a lot of money 
because you have a reasonably well-priced product. So what works in India, what works in the 
US are completely different. 
So to succeed in the US, you cannot be trying to sell atorvastatin what model you have in India, 
you can't replicate that model in the US, you got to do something niche, something which has a 
difficult patent challenge, first-mover advantage or difficult chemistry, that's way you make 
money, which is what we're good at. So to say that, US is a bad market and all, US is bad. I 
mean, that matter -- even India market is also bad in lot of the segments. You have to find that 
sweet spot. And I think that's where the value is. And I think that's what you need to judge a 
company on, rather than trying to -- I mean, any business is bad if you look at it at a very macro 
level, but there always sweet spots that need to find, that's where the smartness is, isn't it. Okay? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Sir, three questions. First one in US, you mentioned business is profitable, no doubt, you are into 
niches, no doubt. I mean, post-Copaxone and Revlimid, we haven't heard the next level of 
products that your R&D team has been delivering in the past. So how is the next 5 years looking 
in terms of product approval, development work going on, filing expected, if you could just give 
some color there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean, we have other Para IV filings. I think we've publicly disclosed them. And I think some 
of them like… 
Prakash Agarwal:  
I was just saying as exciting as the tool you have delivered in the past. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, fair enough. Okay. You want a jackpot. Yes, I think we have done other filings, Prakash. 
Again, I'm not at liberty to disclose at this time what other filings we have. I think we have done 
few other filings in this financial year. Hopefully, we're FTF on this. I think once we get a 
confirmation on that we'll speak about it. I think we have as exciting product as Revlimid coming 
up in the next -- by end of this decade. And in due course we'll reveal this pipeline. 
And I think I'm very bullish about this business, and there are enough niches that we can exploit 
and you need to get like 2 or 3 of these ideas right to take care of your earnings till end of the 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
decade. So I'm very confident and Prakash, in my personal view, I think we will disclose in due 
course. And I think very confident that we'll able to deliver. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And secondly on India business, you mentioned that we're also looking at M&A. But, I mean, 
2022 if you look at calendar year, that was the most busiest year in terms of M&A, be it derma 
acquisitions, licensing of cardiovascular products like sacubitril. Did you see these assets where 
you considering them or you are looking at separately different kind of acquisition? Some color 
will help? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We've looked at different assets, Prakash. I think a general comment is that, the valuations of 
domestic assets have gone up dramatically because of the nature of the atmosphere at this time, 
right? I mean, in terms of the -- in general, excitement in that assets. But there are a lot of assets 
coming, Prakash, and I'm hopeful that we'll able to consummate some deal in 2023. I know we 
missed an asset in '22. We can only do one acquisition, which is the front-end in the US that was 
the only acquisition we could close. But otherwise, we couldn't -- we tried very hard.  
I think we looked at different assets, unfortunately we couldn't close. But there is enough traction 
in the business. I think we believe that we'll able to close something. There's a lot of assets that 
are there, and people are re-doing their portfolios. So, there are lot of opportunities. So I think 
we'll able to hopefully strike something in '23. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
But with a similar focus of higher margin and low field force, will that the focus continue or... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think that's the idea, Prakash. That's what we're trying to do. And again, also a fair return on 
capital, Prakash, which is the most important thing, right? So, again, you don't want to bid 
something so high that you don't make any money at all. So I think you need to have -- just 
because everybody is doing it, I don't want to do a bad deal, right? I mean, nobody wants to do 
a bad deal. Doing no deal is better than doing a bad deal, right? So I think we'll find something. 
I'm confident. You have to be patient. You have to wait. 
Sometimes -- see, I am not under pressure in that sense, right, because we have steady earnings 
going forward because of the steady cash flows and the portfolio that we have, and we have 
enough cash on the books. So it's not for lack of money, right? So it's just the right opportunities, 
just wait and you'll get the right one, yes, which will do the same. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
No, totally understand that but it just that the India business both on onco and the HepC is 
declining quite a bit, now stabilized, but still, I mean, growth is clearly missing in your domestic 
portfolio? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think it can be fixed. I'm not worried about it. But we'll fix it. I think we have the resources to 
fix it. We have the cash to fix it. We have the strategy to fix it. So you just have to be patient, 
my friend. That's all I can say. That's the only answer I can give. We will do the right deal at the 
right price and we'll bring the right value for our shareholders. And sometimes you should not 
just get caught up in the frenzy, right, then you do a bad deal and it affects everyone, right? So 
I think just had to do at the right time. I think just be patient, that's all I can say. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
But I'm working on it clearly. I think it's a very strategic asset and I think as the gentlemen said, 
I think we are trying to redo the business in a way that our dependence on the US also reduces. 
Right now we have businesses pivoted very heavily towards US and I think as we become a 
bigger company, I think it's important that we diversify away from US I mean, the agro initiative 
is part of that and also the acquisition and domestic asset is also part of that. 
So as of now, if you look at the balance sheet, we'll probably do INR 400 crores in domestic out 
of INR 2,700 crores of top line, so domestic is like 15% or whatever that number is, yes, 15% 
to 16% of the top line. So like coming forward next year, hopefully, we'll be able to bring that 
up to -- because of the agro revenue, we can bring that up to 20%, 25%. In the long run, I think 
we are objectively thinking that we should make this business about 30% to 35%, which is more 
or less consistent with our larger peers, but that transformation Prakash will take time. It can't 
happen overnight, because we are limited towards the US and doing niches. 
To transform yourself to something else, it takes that -- it takes a 5- to 7-year cycle, it doesn't -- 
you can't change your earnings tomorrow because you want to, right, it takes the process. You 
just have to be patient with us. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And just last quick one on Revlimid. So it would be fair to understand with market share 
increasing the delta of your revenues will increase or it would get offset by the incremental 
competition, little bit price declines, et cetera, for next year. How... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
See, I don't want to speak about it, Prakash, because I don't really know. We will know in the 
Q4 and Q1. I think I'll probably give you more ideas in the coming quarters when we do the Q4 
earnings. And as of now, I don't want to guess anything, but I think it should do well. I think our 
expectation is that, it should do well. We will -- I think we will speak more about it during the 
next quarter earnings. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And this agro INR 150-odd crores is for '24 or '25, I mean, revenue expectations? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think in the next 12 months. So a lot of the sale of agro -- again, this is another very lumpy 
business, it happens in Q4 and Q1. And little bit in Q2. So most of the sale will happen between 
Q4 and Q1. I think Q1 will be the biggest quarter for that business. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. So this calendar year, basically? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes. So when I'm saying 12 months, I assume -- see, the problem is 12 months will include 1 
quarter from the previous year and 1 quarter for the next year, right? And then you have 2 kind 
of easy quarters, right, because of the way the business is. And we don't have any export business 
to bring consistency in revenue, so it's primarily driven by India right now. So the lumpiness 
will continue, Prakash, Q4 and Q1 will always be strong for two reasons, one is because of 
Revlimid and because of agro. And then the other 2 quarters will be a little slower, because those 
two are missing. So that's how the balance sheet is going to be. And the way I think it, it's going 
to be like this for the next few years. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Rajeev, I have three questions. One is -- so continuation to the previous participant question, 
when you said that our FY '23 guidance is INR 2,700 crores to INR 3,000 crores on top line and 
INR 700 crores on PAT. And if I just adjust for last year that inventory write-off and all. So 
what are you building in terms of pricing for March '23 when you say INR 700 crores? So is it 
like a significant price erosion or is it like a smaller volume offtake in March quarter and a larger 
offtake in Q1? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
That's my expectation, Nikhil. That's our expectation. I don't know let the quarter end I think. 
But this is what -- I mean, I'll just make an estimate based on how the earnings are going to be, 
but that's our expectation. Yes, that's correct. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And secondly, one of the competitors on the agro chem side had mentioned that the patents for 
the product are valid till '27. So this should remain a limited competition market. And we had 
also mentioned in previous calls that we are open to do B2B business. And what we see is that, 
there are a lot of people who have submitted their files to the government for approval. 
So how should we understand? So should it remain a 2, 3 player market? Or would we be open 
to more licensing and allow competition? Because in a way if we allow competition by B2B we 
are killing our own margins in this product. So how will it... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It's not like that. Structurally, the business is not like that. The domestic market doesn't work 
like that, Nikhil. I think -- okay, let me answer your question. The patents which are there till 
2025, okay, and I think we litigated and we won. Okay. That's the first thing. And there are very 
few people who are litigated and won and you're right that there are only 2, 3 suppliers in the 
market right now, right? Therefore, in that sense, it's a limited supplier market, so that is where 
the value is coming from. 
Typically what happens is, these 2, 3 competitors, including us, will have our own brand, which 
we sell and we'll get a certain amount of market share. And certain percentage of the market 
which cannot be serviced by you give it on a P2P basis. But B2B value also remains with you, 
because you are selling the technical or the formulation to that person. So it doesn't destroy 
value, because some people are strong in certain markets, some people are not strong in certain 
markets. So it is a fairly well set model. I think everybody does that. I think you do little bit 
yourself and you give some to third-party, that's the structure of the business. 
It happens in domestic also, where -- even domestic formulation in pharma also the same thing 
happens. There will be some companies are very strong regionally and some companies which 
are strong in certain geographies or certain segment of doctors. So it doesn't destroy value as 
long as a limited number of suppliers and the number of suppliers are limited because of the 
patent thing. So I don't agree with the characterization that it will hurt you completely. It does 
hurt you a little bit, but on a net-net basis, you always gain because of the superior access you 
got. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
So net-net, on a ROCE basis if you look at the whole product as a profile of B2B and own 
product basis, would you say it the ROCE profile of this business will remain in a 25%, 30% 
range or would you be similar to our domestic market kind of ROCE profile? Because it's a 3-, 
4-year approach, we have taken, right? So in a way we are defining the pricing? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It will be bit fairly profitable. How much money you'll make, I think we can -- and we're 
expecting about 20%, 25% margin, I think that's what I'm expecting but net margin after 
expenses after everything on a broad scale INR 100, we're expecting about INR 25, INR 30. But 
let's see how it looks. So far, it looks good. We have some high-cost inventory that we initiated 
yet but I think when it – [inaudible …], I think that's sort of margin is very reasonable, yes, I 
think so. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And last question on the subsidiaries. Now for last 4 quarters, the subsidiaries are at a run rate 
of INR 80 crores sequentially and this is to some extent supported by Revlimid tenders in 
Canada. Do you see that this run rate can be impacted when the new tenders will come in or 
when does the new tender in Canada come in or any idea if you can provide? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It can come earlier and some tenders are for 2 years around. So it depends on -- I don't know 
exactly which tender is when, but it will hold up. See, if you look at our earnings also -- see, 
there is a netting off effect that is there, but actual subsidiary revenue is INR 169 crores this 
quarter. So if you look at our PAT as well, nearly 40% of PAT is coming from the subsidiary 
and it kind of shows what we're trying to do is to diversify our revenue, diversify geographies. 
So to answer your question, it's a fairly steady state revenue and I think it will hold up a little 
bit, but not for long. But again, you need to come up with some other product which can offset 
the loss that you had, but subsidiaries itself is contributing a significant part of our sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Malhotra from CapGrow Capital. 
Arun Malhotra: 
I wanted to ask a couple of things. We have mentioned that Para IV 11 products have been 
approved. What is the size of this opportunity for these 11 and for the 19 products where -- which 
are still in litigation? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
19 products are there in the litigation, 11 products are approved. I don't know... 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
What we said in the presentation that were 19 Para IVs are in the pipeline, like this is as of March 
31, 2022, right? So we usually consolidate and update once in a year, not necessarily quarterly. 
And the market size varies depending on the product. There are some which is $1 billion 
opportunities, some are in the... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Because -- see, just because you do a Para IV it doesn't mean it has value, my friend, because 
sometimes there are joint filers, so let's say there are 8 filers and everybody is doing a Para IV, 
then really -- it doesn't really have much value. I think Para IV is just an indication that you're 
challenging your patent, but doesn't necessarily mean you'll make a -- just because you're doing 
a Para IV doesn't mean that you'll make money on that particular product because if there are a 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
lot of competitors it doesn't really matter, right? So what you need to do is, judge the filing by 
the product. I mean, the product has limited competition then it has value. So I think that's how 
you have to look at. 
Arun Malhotra: 
And 11 approved, what does that indicate? Any opportunity size where we could have some 
color? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we have -- the presentation has the products where we have sole FTF and much shared 
FTF. I think we can -- I mean, it's there in the presentation, I think, for example, just to give a 
flavor, I'll give -- I can't recollect all of them on top of my head, but for example, carfilzomib on 
one strength we shared at FTF, but on one strength we are the sole FTF, on Bosentan suspension 
we are the sole FTF. So every product has its own sort of dynamics. So, I mean, this is not the 
right time to go by product-by-product, but broadly I think that's how it works. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Just want to add one point here, just to clarify your question. See, we have roughly around 26 
commercial products in the US, right? Of that, what we're suggesting in the presentation is about 
11 of them are approved. So that means, some of them are launched and Para IVs are generally 
a higher value because limited competition and possibly first to filings. So that's what we're 
trying to indicate... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we'll give more clarity in the presentation next time, where we believe there is limited 
competition, which are shared. I think that will give better color to the pipeline. We'll do. 
Arun Malhotra: 
 
Yes, that would be helpful for us in estimating the future revenue. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes. Sure thing. I think we've made -- clarify that in the presentation, I think, Rajesh, I think will 
address that in the presentation. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Yes. Second is, can you throw some light on current Revlimid pricing scenario in big ways? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I don't want to talk about it at this time. I think we'll speak about it, I think, in the coming quarter. 
And it will have a better idea on what things are. Generally we don't give up your commercial 
strategy and we don't speak about... 
Arun Malhotra: 
Not our strategy, I'm saying how the prices in the industry are? Or how the prices are? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I can't answer that question, my friend. I'm sorry, I can't answer. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rahul from Investore. 
Rahul: 
My question is, what about the management of the overall profitability, because we are losing 
something in this quarter. So are we going to make up it completely in the Q4? Or still there will 
be some pretty downfall in the profit? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I've answered this question earlier. So I think I'll repeat that question. I think the way our 
nature of our business is like Q4 and Q1 will be lumpy and Q2 and Q3 will be on the lower side. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
We look at the earnings on an annual basis and that's how we look at it and it's going to be like 
this going forward as well because agro is also going to significantly contribute to the base 
business. And lot of the sale comes from kharif and little bit in rabi, so that's the nature of the 
business. 
And I think if you look at the 9-month earnings, I think the press release can addresses that, our 
9 months earnings, we did about INR 1,884 crores of revenue and we have a profit of INR 442 
crores. So I think we have given a guidance that going forward we'll do about INR 2,700 crores 
based on how Revlimid goals and a PAT which is probably closer to INR 700 crores, a little less 
than INR 700 crores in that case. So what we're implying is that... 
Rahul: 
I have only one doubt there. See, I understand your business because I have been investing from 
last 24 months in your pest company. So my thing is, are we going to pull the losses of other 
quarters into these so that if this is going to be substandard? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I didn't understand your question, my friend. I am not able to understand your question. I didn't 
get it at all again. Can you say that one more? Could you rephrase that question, please? 
Rahul: 
Yes. See, the quarter of Q4 I understand it will be [inaudible…] growth. But at the same time, 
the value of that particular quarter should not get dozed up because of the previous 2 quarters, 
right? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I don't understand your question. 
Rahul: 
For example, Q2 didn’t do well and Q3 didn’t do well means there will be a lot of pressure on 
Q4, right? So it should not depreciate my Q4, are there any plan for that? That's what I'm asking. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think Q4 I think the guidance addresses that question, no, I think our expectation is that, it will 
do well. And I think that's our expectation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Yes. Sir, lot of participants have asked you on CTPR. So just a few more follow-up on it. So in 
CTPR if you think the other companies have also come in and they have also come in with 20%, 
25% discount to the pricing and I think Best Agro is one which is very upbeat about their CTPR 
launch. So given the market already has 2, 3 players and we innovator. 
So how are we looking at this market in terms of the INR 150 crores guidance that you give? 
How competitive it is when I get in next 12, 16 months? And how are we differentiating 
ourselves? How are we presenting? Because out of the other competitors we are the only 
company who is not an ag chem company? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
See, again, I'll tell you, if you want to start a business and somebody comes and tells you that 
you have an opportunity to launch a product where the market size is almost INR 3,000 crores 
and there will be only 2 or 3 suppliers, would you like to start a business in that manner or would 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
you like to start a business where you have 30 competitors and you're competing with -- for the 
same size? I think this is probably the best possible position that you could start from. 
I know we are not an established player, but we have a reasonable network we have built over 
the last 2 years. We did a lot of hard work, building infrastructure, building the sales force and 
the manufacturing capability and we have a very good quality product. And we're getting good 
traction. And I think I'm giving this guidance after going into the market, and I think we should 
do well. And this is probably the best possible scenario that you could enter the market. 
And then you asking me a chicken and egg question. So when do you -- then if you say that you 
are not a player in this business and you can never enter that business then, right? So I think it's 
probably the best scenario that you could enter. I think that's the way I can put it. And this sort 
of limited competition doesn't happen all the time and I think we're setting ourselves up for that 
and I think that's what we specialize on. 
When we enter a market we don't try to be the -- we always like the only show in town or the 
only 1 or 2 shows in town so that your chances of success are much higher compared to a 
situation where you're dealing with 40 or 50 competitors. This is probably the best chance for us 
to do well because of the limited amount of competition. And and the market is big enough also, 
no. See, INR 3,000 crores, I'm actually saying not even 10% market share. We're not asking for 
beyond that, isn't it? We're not going and saying that we want more than that. So it's a very 
conservative estimate and I don't think it will be hard to meet, okay. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
No. I think I came across a little wrong in that sense. So, no, I'm not saying that this is a bad way 
to enter the market. In fact, this is a very good way to enter the market and CTPR has been a 
very good launch. What I meant to ask was the -- we are the -- out of the players, which are there 
in CTPR, we are the only player who is not an ag chem company. 
So if you could just share your thoughts here? Your way of how you have entered the market, 
what kind of regions you have tapped in? The INR 150 crores guidance that you gave, out of 
that, how much will be the B2B part and how much will be the B2C part that you will do? And 
next say -- how much of that we still share between B2B to B2C, that's what I wanted to 
understand? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes. Sure. I've already answered the question and you have missed it. I think 65% to 70% we're 
expecting from B2C and about 25% to 30% expecting from P2P, yes, principal-to-principal. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
And in terms of differentiating, is it solely based on price or is it also based on the combinations 
that we can offer in CTPR? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It's a combination. See, again, you mentioned other competitors. I think the other competitors 
not launched all the combinations. Some -- I have launched all the combinations. They have 
launched only 1 or 2 of the combination. They have not launched the combination. So that way 
there is a differentiation between us and them, right? So it doesn't mean just because another 
competitor has come doesn't mean that he'll offer the whole portfolio, there he'll able to supply 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
that particular market on time, doesn't mean that he has a full basket. We could be missing on 
someone else. And always traders play one against the other, right? So I think there is enough 
market for everyone. I think the market is good enough for everyone. I think it's large enough 
for everyone. And I think you can make your mark. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, I think you answered this question partially before but how should we look at the 
subsidiaries incrementally going forward? The subsidiary businesses, again, largely dependent 
on how revenue scales up in these or are there more than -- more products which can 
meaningfully scale these businesses? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think there are lot of launches in both the subs. I think Brazil has about 5, 6 launches in the 
next 12 months. Canada also has some very good launches coming over the next few months. 
We are trying to diversify the portfolio and we have lot of filings and we're doing litigation in 
these markets. So I think the idea is to build a more diversified model. I'm not concerned about 
a drop in price on one of the products affecting the profitability, because we have a fairly 
diversified portfolio. Yes. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly on the newer filings on the US that you've done, by when do you think you will 
get clarity from the FDA in terms of your first-to-file status on some of these products? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
In the next few months, hopefully in the next few months. Next 2, 3 months. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And how many in numbers are products that you are banking on could be meaningful for you, 
that you've done... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I have 2 products -- 2 to 3 products. We will know whether we have FTF shortly. With 
all 3 are filed, Nitin, what I'm saying, I have filed all 3, but we just don't know what the FTF 
status is. So we will know shortly. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Choudhry, a Farmer. 
Choudhry: 
I'm a farmer industrial investor. First question is about CTPR. I understood from the market that 
you are only offering small packs up to 150 ml. Whereas -- I am from Ballari area, farmers do 
buy a lot of large packs 600 ml of Coragen. Okay? That's one thing. And second, I also 
understand --. Hello? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Which territory are you from, I'm sorry, which state? Which state are you from, I'm saying? 
Which state? 
Choudhry: 
Ballari, Karnataka. As I was inquiring with your people in Anantapur, they told me that they're 
essentially giving out, I mean, the largest packs are about 150 ml. Okay? Whereas the demand 
is quite strong for 600 ml packs in cotton belt, which I think would be your primary consumer. 
Okay? 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Just one moment. I'll get Rajesh to answer that question. Rajesh, can you answer that? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Mr. Choudhry, so till today we have launched the 10 ml, 30 ml, 60 and 150 ml. We are also 
offering the 300 and 600 ml, it's just on its way. 
Choudhry: 
And I also heard that you people don't have a network in Karnataka as of now. Is your network 
limited to only Andhra and Telangana as of now? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
No. I think the last quarter has been focused on building the team. So we do have some people 
who have started very recently. We are expanding. So the goal is in the next 1, 2 months, we'll 
have the full team in place in Karnataka. 
Choudhry: 
You plan to cover the entire cotton belt Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh and South? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
So we are covering everything. So we are covering all the states. Karnataka, especially, our team 
is just getting onboard. 
Choudhry: 
With regard to the other part, B2B, I noticed that the other -- one big player like UPL has grown 
mainly in B2B business, because technical competency, okay? And NATCO is a new entrant in 
agri business, but has a tremendous amount of technical competencies. Could you think in terms 
of expanding your business by building a large B2B portfolio and also utilize that to service your 
area of chosen area within India? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, sir. I think the idea is that only. I think our idea is that about 60% to 65% we want to do on 
our own direct customers, but 30% to 35% we're targeting on B2B as well. We have lined up 
quite a few customers. I think about 5, 6 customers we've already lined up. So we will get sale 
from both. I think the guidance that we gave of INR 150 crores in this business is based on the 
assumption that these customers are already onboarded. So I think we're fairly confident because 
we already have onboarded these customers. 
Choudhry: 
Yes. But that is limited to only CTPR. I was talking about introducing other products which are 
complex where the APIs are probably imported or... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We are working on a pipeline, Mr. Choudhry. So this is just a start. It's the first product we have 
launched -- first real product we have launched and has made a lot of bang. But we have a 
pipeline going forward the next 5, 6 years, we have a steady pipeline every year and -- but this 
is the most important product in the pipeline. I think that's why this is getting more attention. 
But yes, we have a steady pipeline and we are hoping to build a large business, not only directly 
to the customer, but also to third-party. We're very cognizantly working on that. Absolutely 
correct. 
Choudhry: 
 
Could you give some color on your Brazil subsidiary's performance? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Brazil subsidiary you said? Okay. Give me one moment. Brazil subsidiary last quarter did INR 
38 crores of revenue. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of N K Arora, an Individual Investor. 
N K Arora: 
All the people, all the companies which have lost generic Revlimid in USA, they have volume 
restriction. So does that mean there is no intensified prices on them by anybody to anyone? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think Teva markets the product, Mr. Arora. So there is erosion in the price, no question on 
erosion. So -- but I think the product should do well. I think there is enough money to be made 
on the product. 
NK Arora: 
And secondly, sir, as we discussed in the previous con call our volume share is in mid-single-
digit. On 7 March onwards it will be in double digits. So we had a significant increasing profits 
like every year as our volume raises. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think so, sir. That's our expectation. That's correct, sir. Yes, absolutely correct. So this will be 
my last question yes. These are all? Okay. 
Moderator: 
 
Sir, the next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Just one question on the Revlimid case, if you can just educate us what is the thing and how do 
you think -- so can it blow out in a large way or what's your understanding? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think Teva is handling the case, my friend. So Teva is the ANDA holder. So they are handling 
the case. At this time, it will be very premature to say anything. So that's something I can't 
comment at this time. Yes. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
And you won't be able to comment that even if -- so I'm just trying to understand that if it goes 
adverse because the profit share is between 3 players, whatever the penal actions or whatever 
the payments have to be done and all the 3 will have to do or how will it evolve like would it 
be... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
At this time, I can't comment. I think we are confident about our position. And at this time, I 
can't say anything beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Thank you all. Again, any questions related to what was discussed during today's call, please 
feel free to reach out to us. We'll be more than happy to address those. Thank you all, and have 
a good day. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
