-
l~~I 
-
1-.,--
I 
An IS/ISO 9001. An IS/ISO 14001 
SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
& IS 18001 Company 
CIN -L31501HR1973PLC007543 
2nd Floor, Pad ma Tower-1 Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110 008 (India) 
Ph.: +91-11-25810093-96 47108000 Fax . +91-11-25789560 
E-mail : cs@surya 1n Website · www surya co 1n 
SRL/23-24/09 
May 02, 2023 
The Secretary 
The Stock Exchange, Mumbai 
New Trading Ring, 14th Floor, 
Rotunda Building, P.J.Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500336 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
The National stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SURY AROSNI 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Financial Results for the fourth 
quarter and financial year ended 3P1 March, 2023 
Dear Sir, 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 24th April, 2023 filed with the stock 
exchanges in tenns of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the financial 
results for the fourth quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023 scheduled for Thursday, 27th 
April, 2023. 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already on 27th April, 2023, we 
are enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company under Financials in the 
Investor section. 
This is for your infonnation and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Surya Roshni Limited 
BBSINGAL 
CFO & COMP ANY SECRET ARY 
Enclosed: as above. 
• 
Regd. Office : F rakash Nagar, Sankhol, Bahad,urgarh, Haryana - 124507 
BHARAT 
BHUSHAN 
SINGAL
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
BHUSHAN SINGAL 
Date: 2023.05.02 
13:22:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Surya Roshni Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 27th April 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJU BISTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. TARUN BALDUA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO  
                                                OF STEEL OPERATIONS 
 
MR. JITENDRA AGRAWAL - CEO, LIGHTING AND  
                                                CONSUMER DURABLE BUSINESS 
 
MR. B. B. SINGAL – CFO AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
BHARAT 
BHUSHA
N SINGAL
Digitally signed by 
BHARAT 
BHUSHAN SINGAL 
Date: 2023.05.02 
13:23:12 +05'30'

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Surya Roshni Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
Company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involves risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Bista – Managing Director at Surya Roshni Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raju Bista: 
Thank you very much. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, once again 
I extend a warm welcome to everyone for joining us today in call. 
On this call we are joined by Mr. Tarun Baldua who is Executive Director and CEO of Steel 
Operations, Mr. Jitendra Agrawal – CEO Lighting and Consumer Durables Business and our 
CFO and Company Secretary Mr. B. B. Singal, along with SGA, our Investors Relation Advisor. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results, press release and Investor 
presentation which has been uploaded on the stock exchange as well as on our Company’s 
website. 
The Company reported a new record topline and profitability for FY23 with the revenue almost 
touching ₹8,000 crores mark. The Company continues to stride towards achieving its long-term 
goal and remains well positioned to continue the growth path for the future. During FY23, the 
Company continues to invest in innovation and efficiency along with focus on technology, talent 
and infrastructure to remain well ahead of the curve. The Company has been judicious in the 
budgeting and capital allocation, resulting in a lean and healthy balance sheet and we firmly 
believe that our growth will be sustainable with a comfortable working capital cycle and balance 
sheet position. 
For the quarter, EBITDA and PAT grew by 64% and 88% respectively on the year-on-year basis. 
For FY23, the revenue was almost ₹ 8,000 crores as compared to ₹7,731 crores, a growth of 3% 
year-on-year. EBITDA and PAT has gone up to ₹ 620 crores and PAT is about ₹ 336 crores as 
compared to ₹449 crores of EBITDA and ₹205 crores of PAT. The Company also witnessed a 
healthy improvement in gross margin due to stable input cost and improved product mix. 
Over the past few years, the Company has placed its emphasis on reducing the debt and 
completely repaid all long-term borrowings and with only ₹404 crores of working capital debt 
remaining, the Company intends to become debt-free by another one and half year to two years’ 
time. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
And now coming to Lighting and Consumer Durables, Q4 and FY23 revenue grew by 7% in Q4 
and 16% year-on-year respectively. The new-age product line such as LED lighting continue to 
grow at a healthy rate and professional lighting which is also an institutional sale reported a 
robust growth of 28% and 38% year-on-year for Q4 and FY23 respectively in terms of revenue. 
As well as significant inflow of the order in hand, we are witnessing the multiple green shoots 
in the public as well as private CAPEX cycle. We firmly believe that our professional lighting 
will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of the improvement in the CAPEX cycle. The Company 
professional lighting continues to build a strong order book and will continue to fill this order 
book aggressively in coming times as well. We are confident that the Company’s Consumer 
Durables will be a key growth trigger for the Company going forward. The Company is well 
positioned to scale up this business driven by well established distribution network and Surya 
Roshni’s brand equity. 
The gross margin has also improved due to operating leverage premium product stability in input 
cost and improving market realization. There is a scope to improve margin further. The CAPEX 
under the PLI scheme is ongoing as per the plan. This CAPEX will benefit the Company by 
lowering the cost and the Company also reduces its replacement cost, which stands at 4.57% 
only and last year it was 6.78%, so almost we saved like ₹11 crores, ₹12 crores annually. The 
Company is investing heavily in visibility enhancement through store excellence in house 
merchandising in store display and direct engagement with electricians. 
In FY24, the Company plans to double the advertisement spends, cost from the current level of 
₹20 crores, which will be in help to build brand visibility and increase the market share. With 
the Company plan to enhance the outreach program through various ATL and BTL campaigns, 
the Company will also strengthen the semi-urban and urban distribution network which is now 
one of the largest in the industry. 
Now moving to the steel pipe industry, the Company topline was affected due to fall in global 
steel price during the quarter, however the Company reported the highest ever EBITDA per ton 
of  ₹9,868 per ton during Q4 FY23 compared to ₹5,605 on year-on-year basis. The robust growth 
in realization were mainly driven by the higher share of value-added products such as API 
coated, GI and export. As communicated in the earlier earning call, the Company reported 
EBITDA per ton at ₹6,496 for FY23 far exceeding the guidance of ₹5,500. 
FY23 saw a robust growth in EBITDA level will serve as well as it will be benchmark for the 
Company’s future growth. With robust profitability growth, the board of director has 
recommended a final dividend of ₹4 per equity shares on the paid-up equity capital of the year 
22-23 subject to the approval of shareholder, the management remains committed to create 
wealth for their stakeholder, so total it would be 3 plus 4 which will be ₹7 per share. Lastly, we 
remain confident about the opportunity that lies ahead of us. The Company is focusing on 
geographical expansion, innovation efficiency enhancement infrastructure and human capital to 
deliver the best class solution to our customers. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Now I would now like to request our CFO, Mr. B. B. Singal to share his thought. 
B. B. Singal: 
Thank you respected MD, sir and a very good evening to all the participants on the call. The 
Company reported a good set of numbers for Q4 as well as of financial year 23. For the quarter 
EBITDA grew by 64% and PAT grew by 88% respectively on year-to-year basis. EBITDA to 
₹254 crores and PAT to ₹156 crores. For financial year 23, the revenue stood at ₹7,997 crores 
compared to ₹7,731 crores during FY22, a growth of 3% year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PAT 
stood at ₹620 crores and ₹336 crores, a growth of 38% and 64% year-on-year respectively. 
In Lighting and Consumer Durables for the quarter, the revenue stood at ₹431 crores a growth 
of 7% year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PBT stood at ₹42 crores and ₹35 crores, a growth of 
23% and 36% year-on-year basis respectively. For FY23, the revenue stood at ₹1,545 crores, a 
growth of 16% year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PBT stood at ₹122 crores and ₹90 crores, a 
growth of 15% and 25% respectively. Revenue growth for the quarter as well as the financial 
year was driven by value-added products such as LED lights, downlighters as well as 
professional lightings.  
In the steel pipes and strips during Q4 current financial year FY23, the Company’s EBITDA and 
PBT grew 76% and 110% to ₹212 crores and ₹181 crores respectively. EBITDA per metric ton 
stood at ₹9,868 per metric ton compared to ₹5,605 a robust growth of 76% year-on-year basis. 
For financial year 23, revenue grew by 1% year-on-year to ₹6,452 crores while EBITDA and 
PBT grew by 45% and 80% year-on-year respectively. EBITDA per metric ton stood at ₹6,496 
compared to ₹4,648. The Company has reduced debts by ₹176 crores in financial year 23 and 
continues to remain long-term debt free. Finance cost has reduced by 30% in FY23. Debt equity 
ratio reduced to 0.22 against as on 31st March 23 as compared to 0.37 as on 31st March 22. The 
Company continued to maintain a positive Cash Conversion Cycle. The working capital days 
stood at 60 days during Q4 financial year 23. Working capital days for Lighting and Consumer 
Durables stood at 53 days in Q4 financial year 23 compared to 60 days in Q3 financial year 23. 
While steel pipes and strips working capital days at 61 days in Q4 financial year 23 compared 
to 62 days in Q3 financial year 23. For Q4 financial year 23, ROCE improved by 16.5% from 
23.6% to 40.1%. ROE improved by 12.8% from 22% to 34.8%. Similarly for financial year 23, 
ROCE improved by 670 basis point from 16.2% to 22.9%. ROE improved by 560 basis points 
from 14.1% to 19.7%. With this I conclude the presentation and we can now open the floor for 
further questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
Sir my question is regarding the CAPEX announcement that you guys have just put out for the 
₹75 crores I think in Madhya Pradesh or I did not read exactly where Anjar district Kutch 
Gujarat? So, I would like to understand what is the revenue potential that comes out of this 
100,000 metric tons per annum ERW pipe plant? What would be the peak revenue potential at 
100% utilization? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Raju Bista: 
Thank you, this point was left from our side, this point was missed, so this investment of ₹75 
crores that is basically for ERW, API and water pipe and this plant will come up in existing Bhuj 
facility, so there will be ₹75 crores of investments and in peak a turnover of ₹600 crores will be 
generated and the main reason behind it is that today in India there is no other competitor besides 
one Company whose name I will not take, has the technology for making 24 inch ERW pipes 
and in API we are already doing well, so this API and our existing coating facility will also get 
its advantage and another big market is export market under which US, Canada and Middle East 
is a big market and keeping that in mind we have made our investments and third thing is that 
almost in all of our factories our capacity has reached that level, so on regular basis we try that 
on quarterly basis or at least in alternate quarter we do some investments. The main reason is 
that in the last 10 years we have done a lot of improvement in debt reduction, efficiency cost 
cutting and debottlenecking and its impact can be seen in the balance sheet, but going forward 
now it is very important for us that in the next 2 to 3 years we do a CAPEX of ₹300 crores to 
₹400 crores, so this is one of them and in a previous board meeting and call we have told you in 
Hindupur we have started the facility process of GP line and GP pipe. It will be a very unique 
kind of investment and exclusive investment and a high margin product will be made from it. 
Manan Poladia: 
So, I am aware about which Company you are talking and secondly, I would like to congratulate 
you on the fantastic set of result that you guys have put out. I genuinely appreciate the effort that 
you have taken in cleaning up the balance sheet and in doing CAPEX that is really showing on 
the numbers as well that is fantastic, sir also I have one more question for you we have discussed 
the demerger several times on the call and I know you usually don’t comment on it, but I would 
just like to know as has it been discussed by the board at all? 
Raju Bista: 
See I will tell you; I will answer it in detail. This is a golden jubilee year of Surya Roshni, the 
Company has completed 50 years and we have a lot of aspirations and as I told you that we have 
made very serious CAPEX plan and we wish that this golden jubilee year along with the 
performance it should be a good year for the shareholders also and whereas demerger is 
considered, I am also tied up because until and unless the board does not clear it I cannot 
communicate it with you. 
Manan Poladia: 
I am completely aware, sir. My question is only based on fundamental fact. 
Raju Bista: 
Serious discussions have been held on that and when we get approval from the board then I will 
be very happy that instead of sources, the Company’s Managing Director itself communicates 
with you. 
Manan Poladia: 
Correct, sir. We would also like to hear that from you obviously and my question was only based 
on the fact that there were some rumors lying around the press today in the afternoon that I am 
sure you are aware of? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes I also got that, but see what rumors are there in the market it does not affect us. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Manan Poladia: 
Sir I don’t expect you to comment on it. I completely understand. My question was based on the 
fundamental fact. 
Raju Bista: 
But I am with you and this year the performance will also be very good and will be a good year 
for the shareholders as this is a golden jubilee year. 
Manan Poladia: 
Thank you so much, sir and I really appreciate your answers to my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
I would again like to congratulate you on stellar performance, margin performance in steel pipes 
division. Sir I would just like to understand that even in ours in product mix I can see that API 
spiral is giving you ₹12,000 EBITDA per ton, but even black pipe is yielding you ₹5,000 per 
ton is very surprising, I would like to know the management’s comment whether this kind of 
margins are sustainable? 
Raju Bista: 
See it is like that you have asked a nice question because at one time before 1 to 1.5 years under 
section pipe, we used to get EBITDA of ₹2,200 to ₹2,500, black pipe used to be ₹ 3,500 to 
₹4,000, so you have asked these things by going and seeing very deeply. I want to tell you that 
as we have said that overall, this year various factors were there in which you can see EBITDA 
margin improvement. There are 4 to 5 factors in which biggest factor is that in America our 
export for API has started that is a very big reason, API which we supply in India to Oil and Gas 
in that margins have been quite good and besides this under shipping cost we have received 
much reduction, but surprisingly overall market realization has improved in steel pipe segment 
and we have seen this improvement from ₹1,000 to ₹1,500 in the market in the last 6 months 
and I will say that this is sustainable because the numbers which we have achieved today for us 
that is a minimum benchmark, but whereas for the next full year I don’t want to tell any specific 
numbers in today’s commentary because it is a little volatile because there are some issues in 
Europe, so I can definitely assure that at least in next 2 to 3 years you can see a growth in our 
CAGR 12 to 15% basis and for Quarter1 numbers we can say that it will be significantly very 
good and not only this, Company’s aspiration is that before I used to say that in 25-26 balance 
sheet you will not see debt, but we are preponing that to one and a half years from today to next 
one and a half year, there will be no working capital debt on the Company completely. As I said 
it is a golden jubilee year where we don’t have debt, can manage CAPEX easily then money is 
of promoter and shareholders. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
You explained it very well, sir our volume growth of steel pipes has been very low as compared 
to our competitors, so what will be the guidance for it for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Raju Bista: 
This year we have made 785,000 ton. Next year’s target which we have kept is close to 900,000 
ton which is almost 13%, 13.5% of growth numbers. In market 2 types of products are sold, 
growth can come from low margin products very easily, but we have diverted our focus from 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
there, so ours is like that if we sell our goods 100,000 ton less it will be okay, but if we see 
substantial improvement in EBITDA margins then I think that business model is much better. 
Still between 12% and 14% volume growth will be minimum for the next year will be there. 
This year if you see trade in India whose market share is 65% in steel pipe in that our growth is 
19%, but this time even though revenue is flat, but much growth in volume is not seen which 
you want to ask. Two main reasons are there for it, one is under export there is much substantial 
de-growth. In Europe and UK, we could only supply almost half of the material and I believe 
that this year it will improve, US market has opened for us in export and secondly in India the 
API which we have supplied although margins were better, but in comparison to previous year 
there was a 30% de-growth. Currently pipeline stock and our order booking is in good position, 
so I believe that export and API will do better growth and in domestic trade we are already doing 
it. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Lastly, sir I want to ask that as you said that for next year EBITDA margin you will not give the 
guidance, but we have set our benchmark very high in this quarter, so do we have to give a big 
range that the number will not go below 5,000 or 6,000 for next year? 
Raju Bista: 
No, as I told you that this year what we have achieved will be the minimum target for the next 
year, so if I say that in long term in FY25, ours is that we will sell 1-million-ton steel pipe and 
minimum of ₹7,000 per ton of our EBITDA margin will be there and I told that in 2 to 3 years 
on CAGR basis 12% to 15% growth will be there and our aspiration is that as soon as possible 
instead of ₹620 crores, we reach to the EBITDA of ₹1,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Rahul Jain from Systematix. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. The kind of performance that we have seen on 
the operational front, are we working on the working capital side as well because as the 
inventories go up and the prices are a little bit high, so on the cash generation aspect, do we have 
a plan to bring it down from 61 days that you mentioned in the presentation to somewhere where 
the competitors are, so are we working on that direction as well? That is my first question. 
Raju Bista: 
I would like to tell you that in the previous 10 years, substantially if we have improved ourselves 
then it is in working capital front. We have come to almost half level from 110 days working 
capital and very efficiently we are managing our working capital and in Q4 also you can see that 
little bit of working capital has increased because the cycle for steel was like that knowingly we 
have increased our quantity, so nearly reduction of ₹150 crores in working capital will be seen 
in Q1, so this working capital is very much in control and under lighting division if you see net 
working capital has reduced from 60 days and we have come to 53. So, in steel division NWC 
instead of 62 is 61 and little bit inventory is 44 days instead of 40 days and debtors are also 24 
days instead of 26 days in Q4. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir also you have mentioned about some PLI scheme that we have an opportunity and sir you 
are investing very substantially I think on the advertising also you mentioned in your call on the 
lighting side, so what do you see the roadmap because we really haven’t done much on the 
lighting segment in the last five years the EBITDA is kind of flattish, so where do you think 
where the bottlenecking are to see some good growth coming in this side also? 
Raju Bista: 
Overall for the previous 3 years the lighting division is not quite good, I would like to mention 
it. There are many factors for it, today ₹25,000 crores lighting industry in which today also 
₹9,200 crores market share is with unorganized sector and of ₹15,800 crores market share in 
which nearly ₹10,000 crores trade segment B2C and the rest around 6,000 is institutional. If we 
compare it with industry then also 16% growth has been in topline. Sale of LED is almost ₹1,000 
crores. Today also we are selling conventional light because through it we can reach to village 
to village, in that despite taking a little impact of de-growth still we are at 16% growth. With 
11% market share today also in lighting industry leaving 2 companies, we are at third place and 
I believe that unorganized sector and with little bit imported material who does 100-150 that 
brand will shift towards organized sector and a little bit in the LED segment now the maturity is 
seen in market and prices are also stable now, so I hope that we have done an EBITDA margin 
of ₹122 crores which at one time we have crossed almost ₹180 crores EBITDA also. So, my 
next target will be 10% of EBITDA margin and next we will be touching ₹160 crores of 
EBITDA. In this due to ATL and BTL along with our reach, with us a big problem is that Surya 
Roshni used to be a bulb and tube light Company as a result premium product like we sell low 
margin products by taking that to the shop in which you get volume and other companies sell 
their premium product there, so we are working in this also from a long time, so you can see 
improvement in that because in premium product we are….  
Rahul Jain: 
Regarding PLI can you tell something? 
Raju Bista: 
Regarding PLI, in 5 years we will make a small investment of ₹25 crores. In 2 years ₹10 crores 
investment has been made and we get paybacks in as many years as we invest, so mainly we are 
driving into innovation and do all the investments towards these smart lighting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Dhananjay Kumar Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Kumar Mishra: Congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. Last time before 1.5 years you gave a road map 
on lighting and electrical business of reaching ₹2,500 crores within 3 years, so right now what 
is its vision? How we will reach ₹2,500 crores? 
Raju Bista: 
No, our vision is of ₹3,250  crore instead of ₹2,500 crore for the next 3 years and with an 
EBITDA of ₹450 crores, but the previous 3 years of COVID and in the industry the overall cycle 
that was there in the lighting industry due to that our 3 years got spoiled and I agree with that, 
so next ours is of ₹ 2,500 crores for lighting and we will include one new product and its sales 
will be almost of ₹500 crores, ₹600 crores and doing so ₹150 crores OEM sales we have taken 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
the target of ₹3,250 crores in sales in 2026. For this we have to build up a team in the markets 
where we are weak and efficiency of salesforce our CEO is already working very deeply on it. 
Dhananjay Kumar Mishra: So, do we want to bring new team in lighting or in this segment? 
Raju Bista: 
This is a continuous process otherwise we keep on doing investment on humans and I think that 
if he is good person even though he is expensive, difference is clearly seen in the Company’s 
performance, so it is our continuous process and we keep doing that. 
Dhananjay Kumar Mishra: And secondly, sir last time you also said that now you will be focused on this FY24 fully on 
Company and may be you will not keep your political aspirations from 2024, so what is the 
current status of it? 
Raju Bista: 
I enjoy serving our country and it is my commitment towards the nation and my first commitment 
is towards the Company because I draw my salary from the Company and you just tell me if you 
see any effect on the results of the company because of this in the last four years I have been 
associated with the company. Everybody has a lot of time and if we manage it correctly then I 
think that how much work we are doing today, we can do much more than that, so I like to be 
among the public and work for them, so I haven’t thought about contesting in the next election. 
Dhananjay Kumar Mishra: Lastly, sir you told 1 million volume, your aspiration for next year and will do EBITDA margin 
of at least ₹7,000 in steel pipe? 
 
Raju Bista: 
Absolutely. 
Dhananjay Kumar Mishra: Thank you, sir and all the best for your team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Manish Bhandari from Vallum. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Bhandari: 
Good evening Rajuji and the whole team and thank you for this electrifying performance. I have 
seen this Company for 5 years more than that, so what I see today is hard work of yours. So, I 
have 2 questions, your Bhuj plant which is an export-oriented plant and you are doing more 
capacity expansion there, I thought that to save the logistic cost you will put the plant in 
Maharashtra or anywhere else, so at least that will make you more competitive. And second 
question is that you told API pipes are going to America, so this is a tender business and may go 
in few days, the biggest boom which I see is in the Middle East. So, what would you like to say 
regarding exports? And secondly, the plant location in the coming time, what would you like to 
say regarding that? 
Raju Bista: 
As I told you, our 10 years were very good, but in that 10 years we have not done any big 
investments, so serious CAPEX plan is with us because growth story of India is clearly visible 
and we have taken good projects in our hands because in the last board meeting one thing we 
have approved of almost ₹75 crores, in this board meeting also we have done the same. Our 
presence is there in PAN India, we are not there in East, our working is going on regarding 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Bombay and in fact our cold rolling business also demands little modernization, so today we 
have put all of these subjects in detail in board and few plans were also discussed in board for 
capacity improvement under few existing plants, but one thing board has approved for this 24 
inch ERW mill, so hopefully by next board meeting we will be in a position to announce few 
more CAPEX plans, so we will do that on a regular basis because our capacity utilization has 
increased and now we don’t have any more choices for growth. Secondly you asked about 
exports, whereas US API pipe is concerned that is not any tender business, the material is 
supplied regularly through our stockist and as you said for Middle East there our market share 
is quiet good under non API and under oil and gas with this big size mill a good opportunity is 
there, so we are exploring all that, but geopolitical issues that are globally going on, we all know 
that for people buying gas is very important rather than buying pipes, so under this situation we 
came to see its impact last year, but I think that this year there should be a substantial 
improvement in that. 
Manish Bhandari: 
Sir one small question, does the Surya brand is sold at premium in market as compared to other 
competitors? 
Raju Bista: 
Are you asking for pipe or lighting? 
Manish Bhandari: 
Yes in domestic for pipes. 
Raju Bista: 
See it is like that different things go in different regions for example if I go to South then under 
South I use to get 5% to 12% premium in comparison to our competitors. Few particular regions 
are there like Jammu and Kashmir which are hilly area of India or some Madhya Pradesh area, 
so few markets are there where we get premium and galvanizing pipe overall is sold nationwide 
equal to the competition or at a premium of 1% or 2%, so everything has their own market 
specific or product specific, but we can assume that with Prakash Surya brand its worth increases 
and its respect is high to far flung farmers. And under export our competitors who are supplying 
from India, so their market price which when they sell they have a simple calculation Surya 
minus $50, so we get an overall premium of $50 per ton in export market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the lines of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Congrats on a very strong set of numbers. Sir specifically I have 2 questions. First of all, sir this 
DFT line in that how much is our EBITDA per metric ton? And at what utilization are we 
operating? 
Tarun Baldua: 
Basically, you see in the section pipe, the normal section pipe EBITDA is almost ₹4,500 to 
₹5,000, but in this we are getting almost ₹2,500 EBITDA higher than the normal section pipe, 
so that is there. Number 2 is the capacity utilization has been in the last 11 months when we have 
started the production has been 25% overall for the year, so initial period it was lower now it has 
been increasing because at many other places we did the approvals and those are picking up very 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
fast, secondly we have received good order from the export market also on large DIA section 
pipe and that will also be increasing, so next year we are expecting the normal capacity 
utilization for DFT section pipe. 
Raju Bista: 
Specifically what Tarunji said our CEO, EBITDA of section pipe margin is ₹3,415 and its 
EBITDA margin is ₹6,000 which is close to ₹2,000 to ₹2,500 then we get a premium of ₹2,500, 
but ₹6,000 is less in this because to increase the capacity utilization we have given discount of 
₹1,000 to ₹1,500 to increase our presence and capacity utilization is definitely in the coming 
times will increase because in big pipes any stockist by purchasing pipes and by stocking will 
not sell it to the consumer. It is project oriented, so much of it depends on the project. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Secondly, my question is on this quarter and overall, your full year’s EBITDA per metric ton 
specifically. This number, which we have seen some 9,800 sort of a ton may be due to the 
product mix is little better and you also told that realization is also getting little better ₹1,000, 
₹2,000 benefit has come in EBITDA, sir because there is improvement in trade, is there 
something because of inventory benefits which is not seen in numbers? Or it is all Company 
driven through product mix? 
Raju Bista: 
As I told you there are 4, 5 reasons, one is API export is one factor, oil and gas pipe’s margin is 
another factor, overall there is improvement in margins of every product category and under Q4 
almost ₹30 crores, once steel prices from 70, 75 became 55 then increased a bit and its impact 
was there and our shipping cost has substantially reduced. Due to these 5 factors substantial 
improvement is seen in this EBITDA margin and to sustain at ₹10,000 per ton EBITDA in 
today’s date is a very tough job, so we believe that last year we did ₹6,500 is minimum, but our 
target will be close to ₹7,000 for the future. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir last question on pipes, sir this realization which you told like from ₹1,000 or ₹1,500 has 
increased in 6 months, is there any specific reasons? Is it that there is some shortage in the good 
quality vendors like Surya may be others? Any specific reasons why we have seen this 
improvement? 
Raju Bista: 
See in this it is like that we have been little selective and worked for a specific market and 
product that is one factor, but I think publicly in concall I don’t want to go in very detail but 
definitely there is improvement of ₹1,000 to ₹1,500 under that in every product category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Reshabh Sisodia with Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Reshabh Sisodia: 
Sir obviously you have answered on the EBITDA per ton guidance as well as the recent jump of 
that has happened, so as you mentioned that the ₹10,000 per ton which we have done in this 
quarter that is not really sustainable number and you are targeting somewhere around 7,000, so 
especially in the API and the spiral, the oil and gas pipe there we are doing close to 12,000, so 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
how do you foresee that going ahead the target of 7,000 which we are keeping will it be driven 
by majorly by API and spiral pipes or the DFT section? 
Raju Bista: 
See what happens as I told I don’t want to say on next year’s specific numbers the reason for it 
is that the market is very volatile and we would like that the numbers which ever we tell you is 
ours business experience till now based on market condition or on seeing everything we can say 
one direction based number only rest specific is not there, but obviously the best which we have 
done will be our benchmark for the next time, so our effort will be definitely be there, but if you 
compare in industry then you can say extraordinary number which is very difficult to sustain, so 
gradually we will go in that direction because our aspiration as I told when we have to do 
EBITDA of ₹1,000 crores then we have to go for ₹10,000 per ton, so for that there should be 
24-inch mill, DFT should be there, for that US market should be there, for that export should be 
there, so for that whatever should be done we are doing according to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Kuber from AnandRathi. Please go ahead. 
Kuber: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir I have 2 questions, sir we see in segmental side that 
there is de-growth in the steel division in Y-o-Y level, so as you have said that global steel prices 
have fallen then what you think in Q4 what type of scenario are you seeing? And secondly the 
CAPEX of ₹75 crores which we are going to do, so when will it reflects in our turnover? And 
when peak capacity will come? 
Raju Bista: 
See as I told you that in volume growth under Q1 you will see substantial improvement and steel 
prices are very uncertain, so today also it is very tough to predict full year’s number, but I believe 
that in the next 2 to 3 months or by the next concall I would be in a position to tell the specific. 
Kuber: 
From when will revenue turnover will start of the Anjar plant? 
Raju Bista: 
It will take about a year because the imported machine has to come from outside, so it will take 
one year at least, it will be ₹500 crores, ₹600 crores and already its market is there, so utilization 
will not be a factor once it comes. And there will be one biggest advantage that Surya will have 
of that because today we have spiral mill. We make spiral mill from 18 inch to 24 inch. When 
18, 20, 22, 24-inch small pipes are made in big mills then our productivity remains one third, so 
due to that other advantage is that our spiral mills capacity will increase because when we make 
in this mill then in this when you do rolling of 18, 20, 22 and 24 then high productivity product 
will be there for this mill, then we will get advantage and synergies of that in spiral as well. 
Kuber: 
Sir any new launches in steel and lighting divisions? Something that you see in next 1 year or 1, 
2 or 3 quarters. 
Raju Bista: 
As I said, every quarter making some investments is one of our serious plan and in golden jubilee 
year we want that our promoter and shareholders should get its advantage and we are working 
in that direction. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Jatin Damania from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jatin Damania: 
Congrats on great sort of numbers. Sir in starting commentary you told that Q1 and FY24 will 
also be strong, sir we want to know that the benefit which we have received in the reduction of 
the freight cost and a benefit of the high realization, so month of April how was the start of the 
FY24 for us because you are saying in first quarter would be also stronger, so roughly can you 
tell that in April what would be the realization and what is the decline in the freight cost that we 
have seen? 
Raju Bista: 
See overall as compared to last year Q1 in its comparison this year’s Q1 you can see substantial 
growth in volume and improvement in margins can be seen, but I don’t think it would be right 
to say the specific number and rest full years number I think till then may be this volatility 
reduces and after that in the next concall may be I would be in the position that I may tell you 
some serious numbers. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir second question which I wanted to know that in the starting you told that you are looking for 
a serious CAPEX plan of ₹300 crores to ₹400 crores, so are we looking to increase the overall 
capacity when it will become 1.3 our new CAPEX which we announced after that are we looking 
to increase the capacity to 2 million ton or what is the roadmap going ahead, can you tell the 
roadmap? 
Raju Bista: 
See immediate plan is that the setup for GP plant we are bringing in Bhuj and the DFT has come 
in Gwalior 25%, 30% capacity utilization is there and this 24 inch mill with all this we can reach 
to 1 million and our CAPEX of ₹300 crores, ₹350 crores taking all of them together we can say 
that in the next 4 to 5 years we can reach the level of nearly 1.5 million ton in steel pipe segments. 
There will be 2 sort of targets, one would be very immediate and another one be 4 to 5 years 
with a long-term view. 
 
Jatin Damania: 
And what will be the focus in lighting? 
 
Raju Bista: 
Lighting is fully focused means Indian market is not small, in terms of population we have 
surpassed China, issue is that instead of us government started to sell the product and due to all 
that reasons some difficulties came in lighting industry, so we have no shortage of capacity. This 
₹25 crores investment which we are doing in PLI as I said that we have full capacity, so we are 
making more investments in innovation, R&D and new product launching in technology front. 
We are ready, but the market is not conducive but still I will appreciate our team for 16% growth 
which Surya Roshni has done which is against the industry single digit growth and this numbers 
tell you that and I think in that also 3, 4 years cycle is completed so perhaps there will be some 
rise in market comes. We have said that trade is a segment under which this year also we have 
made a good growth, but if you see our data with our competitor then you will find that this 
professional luminary or institution sale in which margins are also good that in comparison to 
our trade is almost one third, but almost rest of the competition under both businesses equal 
turnover is there. In that we are far behind although we have started very late, others were there 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
April 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
in that business in early 90’s, so our focus has been there and last year we have made a growth 
of nearly 40% in professional luminaries, so I think that is one area and rest in consumer durable 
and fan appliances we have done a growth of 25% that is one new segment, so in the coming 
times we are thinking of addition of few more products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Gautam with GS Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
First of all, fantastic numbers in the best in the sector and industry it seems. I wanted to ask what 
are we doing that is much better than previous years? What has been our learning due to which 
we are able to give such good numbers and under your leadership and sir in future will it be 
sustainable? That is the first question. Second question is on India, in India Modiji’s many 
schemes are going on PNG and CNG supply, in North-East we hear about Indradhanush pipeline 
and some emphasis is going on oil exploration under the leadership of Mr. Puri so can we see 
the better opportunities for us in India sir? 
Raju Bista: 
So, I can tell only one answer for coming of good numbers that we are doing better from others 
and 24 hours our team is seriously thinking that how can we do improve and secondly I would 
like to say that the drive that we started 10 years ago that at low cost we have to make high 
quality product, so we are successfully doing on that. Sometimes I am surprised when we were 
giving 14% replacement cost and today it is 4.5% and in comparison to 14% if I see then I am 
saving ₹30 crores annually in one LED product itself and secondly you told that government 
thrust is there, let me tell you that under one district ₹3,000 crores to ₹3,500 crores pipe are being 
installed under Har Ghar Jal scheme. A small state like Meghalaya whose population is 27 lakhs 
there ₹3,500 crores ‘Har Ghar Jal’ projects are installed, so say it a small state or say big district 
of India, investment of several lakh crores rupees is there in it and in this GI pipes are also going, 
PVC pipes are also going in this, its demand through trade segment and through distributor can 
been seen and in oil and gas sector India’s thrust is there that today the cost involved in 
transportation and which is a nation crime in itself so we have to remove that and drive of directly 
providing the gas pipeline to the homes due to that companies like Surya because 4 to 5 
companies do that work and due to that companies like Surya will definitely get the advantage. 
So, I feel that pipe is now not just a commodity, pipe is now to an extent has become engineering, 
so according to that numbers are coming from the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints that was the last question. 
 
Raju Bista: 
Lastly, I will just like to say one thing and thank you very much to all the investors, shareholders 
and I come before you and our team comes, we commit and go then it is compulsory for us to 
do that number and you motivate us and come in front of you with good numbers and for that 
we are very much excited. See you again after the next board meeting. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
BHARAT 
BHUSHA
N SINGAL
Digitally signed by 
BHARAT BHUSHAN 
SINGAL 
Date: 2023.05.02 
13:23:38 +05'30'
