e4 Gsme 
Moneywise. Be wise. 
Date: 09t* February, 2023 
SMC GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
Member: NSE * BSE * MSE * NCDEX * MCX 
Clearing & Trading Member : Cash, F&O, Currency, Debt & Commodity 
SEBI Regn. No. 
: INZ 000199438 « Research Analyst No. 
: INH100001849 
  
Regd. Office 
: 11/6B, Shanti Chamber, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 
Ph 
: +91-11-30111000, 40753333 
Fax 
: +91-11-25754365 + CIN No. 
: L74899DL1994PLC063609 
E-mail 
: snc@smcindiaonline.com 
Website 
: www.smcindiaonline.com 
  
Listing Operations 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
 Scrip Code: 543263 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E ) 
Mumbai - 400051 
 Symbol: SMCGLOBAL 
 
  
Sub: Submission of the Transcript of Earnings Con-call - Q3- FY 2022-23. 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In 
compliance 
with 
regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Part A (15) of Schedule III, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of Earning Con-call held on 02"4 February, 2023. 
This will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.smcindiaonline.com 
This is for your information and record. 
For SMC Global Securities Limited 
Suman Kumar 
E.V.P. (Corporate Affairs) & Company Secretary 
Membership No. F5824 
MUMBAI OFFICE 
: AWing, 401/402, Lotus Corporate Park, Graham Firth Steel Compound, Off Western Express Highway, Jay Coach Signal, Goregaon East 
Mumbai-400063 Ph 
: +91-22-67341600, 66481818 Fax 
: +91-22-67341697 E-mail 
: sncmumbai@smcindiaonline.com 
KOLKATA OFFICE 
: 
18, Rabindra Sarani, Poddar Court, Gate No. 4, 5th Floor, Kolkata - 700001 
Ph 
: +91-33-66127000 Fax 
: +91-33-66127004 
E-mail 
: smckolkata@smcindiaonline.com 
   
 
     
EMPOWERING INVESTORS 
A SEBI Initiative
SUMAN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by SUMAN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2023.02.09 
14:54:03 +05'30'

SMC Global Securities Limited 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
Chaiti Gujarati: 
Subhash Aggarwal: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the SMC Global Securities Limited earnings 
conference call hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an ill be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end 
of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then 
“O” on your touchtone phones. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
| would now like to hand the conference over to Mrs. Chaiti 
Gujarati from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, mam. 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Chaiti Gujarati 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of SMC Global Securities Limited. 
On behalf of the company, 
| would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s 
earnings conference call for the third quarter and nine months ended 
of the financial year 
2023. Before we begin, 
| would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward 
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to 
differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. Now, 
| would like to introduce you to the management participating in today's earnings 
conference call and give 
it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us, Mr. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal 
- Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group; Mr. Mahesh Gupta 
- 
Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group; Mr. Ajay Garg - Director and CEO of SMC 
Global Securities Limited; Mr. Himanshu Gupta — Chairman and CEO of Moneywise Financial 
Services Private Limited; Dr. D. K. Aggarwal - CMD of SMC Capitals Limited; Mr. Anurag Bansal 
- Director of SMC Global Securities Limited, 
Mr. Pranay Aggarwal — Chairman and CEO of 
Stoxkart, (Moneywise Finvest Limited) and Mr. Vinod Kumar Jamar 
- President and Group CFO. 
| will now handover to Mr. Subhash C. Aggarwal for his opening remarks. 
Good afternoon, everyone. 
It is a pleasure to welcome you to the earnings conference call of 
our company for the third quarter and nine months ended of financial year 2023. For the 
benefit of those joining this call for the first time let me begin by providing some background 
information on our company to get everyone on the same page. SMC Global Securities over 
Page 
1 of 5

Vinod Kumar Jamar: 
the years has grown into a diversified financial services company offering a wide spectrum of 
services like brokerage, investment banking, wealth management, distribution of financial 
products, 
financing, 
insurance 
broking, 
clearing 
and 
depository 
services, 
fixed 
income 
securities, financial advisory services to corporates, institutions, high network individuals and 
other retail clients. We have 
a strong network of more than 2,530 of sub brokers and 
authorized persons spreading across 453 cities in India. 
Over the 
years, 
we 
have 
also 
launched 
various 
innovative 
digital technology enabled 
capabilities to offer best-in-class products and services. Our discount broking arm under the 
brand name of Stoxkart which is the first of its kind platform in the broking industry has noticed 
a very positive response. SMC Group is governed by strong board including six Independent 
Directors of high standing and is run by a highly qualified and experienced management team. 
With our established presence and by embracing the latest technologies we are pioneered for 
continued growth these upcoming years. 
| now hand over to Mr. Vinod Kumar Jamar, our 
Group CFO to take you through the financial and operational accomplishments for the third 
quarter and nine months ended of financial year 2023. Over to Mr. Vinod Jamar. 
Thank you, Subhash sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Talking about the financial performance of 
the Q3 FY 2023 of our company on a consolidated basis. The operating income for the quarter 
was Rs.319 crores which grew by 12% on year-on-year basis. The operating EBITDA was 
reported at approximately Rs.72 crores an increase of approximately 12% year-on-year. EBITDA 
margin stood at around 22.41% % net profit after tax reported was Rs.32 crores while PAT 
margin stood at 10.03%. For the nine months FY 2023, the operating income stood at Rs.911 
crores, growth of 10% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA reported was approximately Rs.207 
crores, a decrease of approximately 7% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at about 22.76% 
net profit after tax was reported at approximately Rs.99 crores, a decrease of 26% year-on- 
year. While the PAT margin percentage stood at about 10.81%. 
Let me now take you through the quarterly segmental performance on a consolidated basis for 
the third quarter. In the broking distribution and trading segments Q3 revenue stood at around 
Rs.191 crores which is increased by 3.7% on a year-on-year basis and for nine months revenue 
grew by 0.5% year-on-year. Number of branches increased from 60 to 93 as on December 2022, 
on a year-on-year basis. Coming to insurance broking division, revenue for Q3 stood at about 
Rs.96 crores which grew by 16% on a year-on-year basis and in nine months by 28% year-on- 
year. EBIT decrease in Q3 by 39.7% and in nine months by 4.1% due to change in product mix 
and increase in personnel cost due to increased tech hiring. Additionally, pursuant to the NCLT 
order, the paid-up share capital of SMC Insurance Brokers Private Limited, has been reduced 
from Rs. 41.40 crores to Rs.15 crores. Since this unit had surplus funds available with them. 
Lastly, in the financing division segment, revenue for Q3 was around Rs.40 crores which grew 
by 69% ona year-on-year basis and in nine months by 45% year-on-year. Loan AUM increased 
to Rs.787 crores from Rs.541 crores an increase of 45% on a year-on-year basis. EBIT in Q3 grew 
Page 2 of 5

Moderator: 
Forum Gosar: 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Forum Gosar: 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Forum Gosar: 
Himanshu Gupta: 
by 124% on a year-on-year basis and in nine months 94% on year-on-year basis. GNPA and 
NNPA decreased to 2.37% and 1.34% respectively from 2.8% and 1.9% in March 2022. With 
this, we can now open the floor for question-and-answer sessions. 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press ‘*” and “1” on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Forum Gosar an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
My very first question is that the NBFC business had a very good financial performances this 
quarter. So, can you give some more insights on what drove AUM growth and this performance, 
and also what is the outlook for FY 2024? 
Thank you very much and good evening everybody. Basically, our AUM during the quarter has 
gone up to Rs.787 crores as against Rs.541 crores year before, which is a year-on-year growth 
of about 45%. There are multiple factors that contributed for AUM growth. One over the years, 
we have been increasing our distribution reach, we had added a few branches, over a couple 
of years and increased the headcount particularly the sales team. So, after the COVID period, 
now we are getting the desired business out of the expanded distribution reach that we built 
over the period. Moreover, there have been better collection efficiency and recoveries that we 
have witnessed during the period and even the credit demand, particularly from the SME sector 
has also been good. So, these factors have contributed to higher AUM and also better financial 
performance of the company. Regarding the future outlook, so, we continued to strengthen 
our business by further expanding the distribution and also adding certain products like, 
recently we opened up our first branch for the gold loan, which did a business also in like last 
month only and we also trying to do certain co-lending tie-ups that will further expand our 
AUM. 
Sir, a follow-up question regarding this. So how have the collection efficiencies been for this 
quarter? 
Collection efficiencies are close to 99% and even you will see the GNPA and NNPA numbers 
have gone down. GNPA are 2.37% as of December end and NNPA is 1.34% as of December end 
which is lower than the corresponding quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year numbers. 
Sir just one more question, so how is the gold loan portfolio performing. So what is our strategy 
over here as it is a very crowded segment and it seems like many NBFCs are now entering it? 
Correct. The gold loan as a product is a secured product and there are very low, very negligible 
delinquencies which are there in the industry and this being a retail product, we are very bullish 
Page 3 of 5

Moderator: 
Vinesh: 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Vinesh: 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Vinesh: 
Vinod Jamar: 
on the expanding further on this product. Our strategy would be, to add more number of 
branches over the period and to achieve the operational efficiencies at all the branches. As far 
as competition is concerned, 
| think we would be operating in the similar price matrix where 
the industry is operating, which is quite lucrative, that is not our challenge. In fact, the customer 
is educated about the gold loan product and features, so, it is easier to sell. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinesh, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
| have two-three questions, so can you please tell me, how is Stoxkart performing for the past 
few quarters and with that what is the kind of a quarterly run rate which we are looking on this 
performance and even the profitability of this segment as well. 
Good evening, 
| am Pranay Aggarwal, CEO of Stoxkart and 
| am very happy to point out that 
during the quarter our revenue was Rs.4.8 crores in Stoxkart which is around 46% increase on 
year-on-year 
for the quarter and during the nine months period our revenue was Rs.15.9 crores 
which is again 52% year-on year increase. So we see that we are hopeful of ending the year on 
a high note and we are soon to launch, 
a new mobile app that will be there with a whole new 
logo, a whole new website and we are aiming to have whole new Stoxkart by April 1%* ,2023, 
that will be our target to launch a totally new tech app and with that being there we can hope 
for increasing the growth percentage even further in the coming year. 
Okay and sir, my second question will be coming to the insurance segment. So, your revenue 
has grown but your EBITDA margin has come down. So can you please explain the reason 
behind that and with that even your NCLT order which has reduced the share capital. So, what 
will be the reason about that? 
Good afternoon. Thank you, for this question and this 
is Pravin Agarwal, from Insurance. 
Actually, revenue grew in Q3 due to higher sales volume of auto vehicle insurance premium 
and EBITDA decreased due to increase in personnel cost, tech hiring and change of product 
mix. We focused more on motor vehicle, we did 96% of total portfolio from motor premiums, 
which is a low margin business and the second reason is due to reduction of capital. The third 
reason is due to sales of market linked debentures, that is why EBIT is decreased by 39%. 
And another question which 
| have is that all through your topline has grown for this nine 
months 
but your bottom 
line 
has come down. 
So, 
is this 
purely because 
of the poor 
performance in the stock market this year or if so then what will be our growth strategy going 
forward from here and from next year as well? 
Hi Vinesh, 
| am Vinod Jamar, CFO of the Group. Our EBITDA margin is otherwise maintained 
but last year we had some extraordinary profit on investment income which was about Rs.44 
crores and this year it was only Rs.20 crores. So that is why there is reduction in EBITDA and 
Page 4 of 5

Vinesh: 
Pranay Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Moderator: 
profit figure but otherwise we are maintaining our EBITDA margins between 23%-26% and this 
is quite sustainable. 
And lastly, 
| have one more follow-up question on the Stoxkart as well. So earlier mentioned 
that we will have new app for this, 
| just want to understand what will be our strategy behind 
competing with peers like Zerodha and all of this. So, to purely to increase the market share in 
this segment. So, what will be our strategy for that? 
Hi Vinesh, what we realized over the years is we have to be really customer centric. We have 
to be really user friendly and that is basically our motto for the new app. The new app, we are 
aiming for it to be really customer friendly and to serve both the communities, the investors 
and the traders. 
So, we will have some unique features which 
will appeal 
to both the 
communities and we are also launching some Algo based products which will be connected 
through APIs, so that is a revenue driver for us. Because Algo is really in demand in the industry 
and many fintech tie-ups, we are already doing for Algo based strategy. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta from SMC Global for the closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Thank you very much all of you for participating in this conference call. 
| hope, we have been 
able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions, or would you 
like to know more about the company, you may reach out to the Investor Relation manager at 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and healthy. 
Thank you. On behalf of SMC Global, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 5 of 5
