 
 
 
 
bZesy/e‐mail: company.secretary@eil.co.in,nwjHkk’k /Phone: 011‐26762855/2580 
कंपनी सिचवालय/ COMPANY SECRETARIAT 
 
 
सं.सिचव/No. Secy/906/9/10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          13.02.2023 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 023 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code-532178 
Symbol-ENGINERSIN 
 
 
िवषय/Sub: 
Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 - Update on meeting with Analyst/Institutional Investors 
 
िपर्य महोदय/महोदया, 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our letter dated 8th February, 2023 intimating the Exchanges regarding Schedule of 
Earning Call Post declaration of third quarter ended  on  31.12.2022  Financial Results for the Financial 
Year 2022-23 which was held on 9th February, 2023, in terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Earning Conference Call held on 9th 
February, 2023 with several funds/individual investors.  
 
The 
said 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://engineersindia.com/investors/reports-results/.  
 
कृप्या उपरोक्त आपकी जानकारी एवं िरकोडर् के िलए है। 
The above is for your kind information & records please.  
 
 
 
धन्यवाद/Thanking you, 
 
भवदीय/Very truly yours, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
नरᱶदर् कुमार/Narendra Kumar 
Encl: As above /संलग् नक: यथोक् त 
 
 
 
 
अनुपालन अिधकारी/Compliance officer 
 
 
Narendr
a Kumar
Digitally signed by Narendra Kumar 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=a20e15ab5c30908fab8b5fbf4b7286
9870b48b0e162b23df31d6a03977cb5a7d, 
postalCode=110093, street=Near Nutan 
Vidya Mandir School , Gtb Enclave , Nand 
Nagri , North East Delhi, 
pseudonym=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf
8427e, 
serialNumber=da8430993904ece9ed629ad1a
8f604b42e4cc642f2e97cd51d1000c7101d88f
0, o=Personal, cn=Narendra Kumar 
Date: 2023.02.13 15:21:07 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 1 - 
 
 
 
 
Engineers India Limited  
Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
          Event Date / Time         :   09/02/2023, 15:00 HRS IST 
          Event Duration               :   30 mins 12 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
      Mr. Sanjay Jindal 
      Director, Finance 
 
     Mr. Suvendu Padhi 
     Company Secretary and Investor Relations 
 
     Mr. R P Batra 
     Executive Director Finance and Accounts and Investor Relations 
 
     Mr. Sunil Saxena 
     Executive Director, Technical, and Investor Relations 
 
     Mr. Amanpreet Singh Chopra 
     General Manager, C&MD Office, and Investor Relations 
 
     Mr. Vivek Midha 
     General Manager, Marketing, Business Development, and Investor Relations 
 
     Ms. Bhumika Nair 
     DAM Capital 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 2 - 
 
 
 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Mohit Kumar 
  
 
: BM Capital 
2. Rahul Bhalgat 
  
 
: Individual Investor 
3. Amit Anwani  
  
 
: Prabhudas Liladher 
4. Kunal Mishra 
  
 
: Singleton 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 3 - 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Pelcia, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 
Engineers India Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors 
Limited. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions, after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note this conference is recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to miss 
Bhumika Nair, from DAM Capital. Thank you and over to you, Ma'am. 
 
Bhoomika Nair   
 
Yeah. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q3 FY23 earnings call 
of Engineers India. We have the management today, being represented by Mr. Sanjay Jindal, 
Director Finance; Mr. Suvendu Padhi, Company Security and Investor Relations; Mr. R P Batra, 
Executive Director, Finance and Accounts, and Investor Relations; and Mr. Sunil Saxena, 
Executive Director, Technical and Investor Relations; Mr. Amanpreet Singh Chopra, General 
Manager, C&MD Office, and Investor Relations; and Mr. Vivek Midha, General Manager, 
Marketing, Business Development, and Investor Relations. I'll now hand over the floor to Mr. 
Jindal for his opening remarks, post which we’ll open up the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Sir. 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Thank you, Bhoomika, and good afternoon, everybody. A warm welcome to EIL's earning call for 
the Q3 FY23. We have declared our nine-months result for the FY2223 on 3rd Feb 2023. With 
respect to financial performance for the nine months-ended 31st December 2022, the company 
has registered turnover of INR 2,418 crore in comparison to INR 2,064 crore for the last nine-
months ended with an increase of 17%. The turnover from Consultancy and Engineering 
segments stood at INR 1,046 crore from the Turnkey segment it was INR 1,372 crore. 
 
In the current quarter, the company have achieved turnover of INR 831 crore in comparison to 
INR 782 crore from previous quarter ending 30th September 2022, showing an increase of 6% 
with turnover from Consultancy and Engineering segment is rupees a INR 350 crore and INR 481 
crore in Turnkey segment. During the current quarter, the company has PBT of INR 65 crore and 
PAT of INR 48 crore in comparison to INR 102 crore and INR 85 crore respectively in the last 
quarter 
 
 During the current nine months ended, the company has PBT of INR 235 crore and PAT of INR 
183 crore vis-à-vis INR 297 crore and INR 218 crores respectively for the previous nine-months 
ended 31st December 2021. On the consolidated front in this quarter, we have loss of INR 34.58 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 4 - 
 
 
crore from the RFCL project, which is still under the stabilization stage. And, for the nine-months, 
we have loss of INR 30.68 crore vis-à-vis INR 160 crore for the nine-months of the previous 
financial year. So, on the consolidated basis, we have net profit of INR 16.12 crore in this quarter, 
and for the nine-months we have consolidated profit of INR 156.09 crore. 
 
For the current financial year, the company has declared interim dividend of INR 2 on the face 
value of INR 5 per share. On the business front, we have very good news, and till-date, we have 
secured business of INR 1,600 crore up-to-date, and we are in the finalization stage of, contract 
finalization of, for INR 1,275 crore, which we are expected to be concluded by the month end. So, 
by the month end, our business secured position will be around INR 2,900 crore. Out of this INR 
1,600 crore, which we've already achieved till-date, we've achieved two landmark overseas 
project of INR 500 crore from the Ghana and Nigeria territory. 
 
In the Nigeria territory, we've received contract of INR 320 crores for the EPCM Services for the 
Greenfield 4000 TPD Urea and Ammonia project, and in addition to that, we're still in the 
finalization of other contracts, and we are hopeful to achieve further contracts by the end of this 
financial year. So, this is from my side. Thank you. 
 
Bhoomika Nair   
 
We'll begin the question-and-answer. Operator, can you please proceed with the question-and-
answer please. 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator   
 
Sure, Ma'am. Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question-and-answer 
session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad, and wait for your 
turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so, by pressing * 
and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. We'll wait for a moment, while the question queue assembles. The first 
question comes from Mohit Kumar from BM Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Hello. Good afternoon, Sir. Congratulations for good set of numbers, Sir. My first question is on 
the, can you please give some color on the order outlook on the refineries and petchem side over 
the next 12-18 months? 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 5 - 
 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Sorry. Can you just repeat the question, please? 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Sir, can you please give some color on the order outlook on refineries and petchem side, which 
you expect over next 12-18 months? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Expected from next 12-18 months, definitely there's good opportunity exist for various 
petrochemical projects in the outlook. We see that, because we're doing various feasibility studies 
and we see there are certain developments taking place, out of which two could be in the private 
sector, two or three could be in the international market which we've been discussing the petchem 
projects, and various smaller refinery expansion and refinery modernization projects, we're 
discussing internally. So, we see that, there is some possibility exists in the recent future. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Any update on the HPCL Petchem project? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
We are in touch with them. As of now, it's going on. Feasibility is being done. So, we see that it is 
going to come in future. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Anything on the BPCL side? Are there any CapEx in the near future? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
They've some plans for a petchem, for a Polypropylene Unit as well as expansion in the petchem 
in the BORL. So, there are certain opportunities there. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 6 - 
 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Understood, Sir. And secondly, Sir, I think we are slightly more positive on the coal gasification, 
consultancy order, it is something in the pipeline which we expect over next 6-12 months, we 
haven't seen any progress. 
 
Management Team    
 
With this coal gasification you must be aware that, we're already executing our coal gasification 
project for Neyveli Lignite Corporation. As of now, we're doing the pre-project activities, later on 
it is completed, then we might go ahead with the project implementation of the same. So, we 
expect a PMC order next year in this regard. And then, in coal gasification, we're doing various 
studies from coal to chemical and coal to syngas, for various clients, studies with respect in the 
private sector as well as in the government sector. So, we see that these are positive, they are 
likely implementations in days to come. It is not possible because the private sector clients, and 
they have [Inaudible 00:08:59] issues, so, we cannot declare, but there are certain opportunities 
available within the other. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
[inaudible 00:09:06] likely this to happen over next year 12 months. 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, it'll happen, because private sector moves very fast. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Yes. Thirdly, Sir, of course, I see that you have won an order for Owner’s Engineering Services 
for Adani is I think 30,000 MTPA Polysilicon. Is this work execution has started, and can we expect 
booking on this particular order from next quarter? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Our work has already started. This is an engineering assignment which we have got from them. 
So, we are working, our engineering teams are working with them, on this assignment. 
Implementation would go probably next financial year. We are working, team is working on it. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Understood, Sir. Thank you. All the best, Sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 7 - 
 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. I repeat. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad. Next question comes from Rahul, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Good afternoon, Sir. I've three questions. First question is regarding RFCL. In the last earnings 
call, the management had expressed confidence that in the next quarter, that is Q3, RFCL will 
definitely return profit, it will work at 100% capacity with 100% production. So, can you throw some 
light on why did it not happen? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
One of the reasons was, there was a scheduled maintenance that was going on in the plant, that 
is for every process plant, there needs to be a maintenance shutdown. So, one was that at 
particular point of time it was taken, because it has already stabilized, and during that particular 
period, there was some gap for the scheduled maintenance shutdown that were taken. So, it has 
again started the operations and it will be continuing on that particular. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
As I understand, the shutdown was taken in the month of September; October, November, 
December, these are the three months, quarter is for October, November, December. 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
That's right. But again, after the shutdown when you have again the startup of the plant, it takes 
a bit of a time to stabilize, as it is a processed plant. So, it cannot stabilize instantaneously, some 
gestation period is there. So, that gestation period was from in the month of October. So, it has 
stabilized on that particular product. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
I understand. But are there any engineering glitches, because of which it may experience 
problems in future? Are we stuck up anywhere in engineering of the plant? 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 8 - 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
No, because it's already commissioned, and the regular maintenance is being done, we don't see 
any engineering glitches at this particular point. 
 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Okay. That's all. 
 
Management Team   
 
And we have already run the plat at 100% capacity. So, there is no technical glitch. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Okay. We should be able to run it all the time at good capacity utilization, that is what everyone 
would expect. Not just a month or not just a particular day.  
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, definitely that would be there. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Okay. Thank you for this answer. Then, next question is regarding our profits, in the last earnings 
call you had expressed confidence that on a standalone basis we should be able to register a 
profit of around INR 340 crore. Is it going to happen or would you like to scale down the target for 
this financial year? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Last time, I also mentioned, we are working with our clients for some change orders, because as 
you know, we are involved in the project implementation, and their change order takes time, 
because it is the client tendency to finalize the change order at the end of project, but our tendency 
is to get the change order at the earliest. So, there is a negotiation of time also, at what time 
change order should be processed. But we are sure and we are confident that we will be able to 
bring some change order before the end of this financial year, and we are still hopeful of achieving 
the figure of INR 340 crore. 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 9 - 
 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Okay. You meant to say that the expenses have already been incurred, and it will only add to the 
revenue, this change order? 
 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
It'll be pure profit, only tax figure will be less. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
I understand. And the last question is regarding the expenses for construction materials and 
equipments in the Q3 results. There is a substantial increase in these expenses almost INR 116 
crore increase. 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
That figure has increased, because if you see there is a substantial increase in the figure of 
turnover from the Turnkey project, and from the Turnkey projects, in this quarter, our figures have 
increased from INR 436 crore to INR 480 crore. Whenever there is a increase in the turnover from 
the Turnkey or EPC project, so it's 90% or 95% tends to increase their expenditure. So, there is 
a figure of the construction and materials because our EBITDA growth from the Turnkey segment 
has also increased. So, there is a corresponding effect on the expenditure side. 
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
Okay. But you mean to say this revenue is corresponding to this expense. These expenses have 
already been registered in our statement, right?  
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yeah. EPC business there is a margin of only 4-5%. So, 95% is expenditure only. So, if there is 
an increase of [inaudible 00:15:40] turnover, then definitely expense side will increase by 95%. 
That's why you are seeing highs in the figure of expenditure side.  
 
Rahul Bhalgat   
 
I understand. Okay, that's all. I have asked all my three questions. Thank you so much for your 
answers.  

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 10 - 
 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Amit Anwani, from Prabhudas Liladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Yes. Hi, Sir. Sir, my question is with respect to the order intake. I think we were targeting based 
on the last call about INR 4,000 crore for FY23, and I think now you're mentioning about INR 2900 
crore. Any slippage of order which has happened? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
No, I've already said in my statement, till-date we are in receipt of order book of INR 1,600 crore, 
and for INR 1,300 crore we are already in the close finalization, which will be closed by the end 
of this month, and we're still negotiating with our clients for the further order, and it is expected 
that we will touch the figure INR 4,000 crore by the end of this financial year. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Okay. Sir, you've mentioned about INR 5,000 crore intake each year going forward I think for next 
two years. So, if you could just elaborate with what kind of key orders you are looking for the next 
two years? 
 
Management Team   
 
With respect to the orders, with our deal, keep the target of INR 4,000-4,500 crores, and maybe 
we'll touch more because that it is improving in between. Initially there was an impact of the 
COVID, but it is going down, and a lot of projects are coming online, and investments are 
increasing. So, because the way we are doing various feasibility studies, because that's the initial 
step of any project. The way we are getting inquiries and we are doing it, we see that lot of 
investments are going. Now, we're getting a lot of inquiries in the ammonia and green ammonia, 
and all these sectors, people are thinking about it. 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 11 - 
 
 
So, we see opportunities in all these areas too, apart from the petchem, which is going to be a 
future, lot of investments are coming in petchem. We've lot of investments in the green area also, 
green ammonia and urea complexes, as well as some of the refinery. Refinery investment will not 
be much because it would be primarily focused on the modernization, retrofitting and [Inaudible 
00:18:12] would be less, but it will be primarily in petchems. As well as, some investment we see 
in nonferrous metallurgy, as well as in fertilizer sector. 
 
 
Management Team   
 
See, refinery modifications could happen just to ensure that the adequate feedstock is there in 
petrochemical also. So, those kinds of opportunities will also exist. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Right. So, we are expecting, it’s fair to assume INR 4,500-5,000 each year in FY2425? 
 
Management Team   
 
We always keep that kind of target. So, we strive towards it. Let's hope for the best. We should 
be able to do it. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Great. Sir, about the margins for this Consulting and EPC, what would be the sustainable margins 
in this segment considering there is a significant intake of new orders coming this year and next 
couple of years, how this mix will evolve, and what kind of margins you're expecting? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
In the current quarter, we've a margin of segment profit of 20% in the Consultancy segment, as 
in the EPC business it is around 2-3%. And as I said, we are working on some change orders with 
our client, and we're hopeful to achieve the segment profit of 25% by the end of this financial year. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
So, can we just expect 2-3% EPC going forward also? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 12 - 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, 2-3% margin is there, because it all depends upon the change order value, and we are 
working hard with our clients to increase our EPC margins. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Sure, Sir. My last question is on the recent budget announcement on the green growth, and so 
much was talked about hydrogen policy and a few other things. So, if you could just elaborate any 
opportunity which we're looking for in this space, and are we getting benefited from this policy?  
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, definitely. Even right now in EIL we've created a separate dedicated team, which is looking 
at the opportunities, and working in the area of green hydrogen and related in all areas of energy 
transition as well. As I said, we're already executing some projects on green hydrogen and as 
with a budget announcement also that will be coming up in near future. And right now with the 
credentials and with the work that we are doing, not only for the clients, but also for some suo-
moto studies that we are doing for the clients and some initial seeding on green hydrogen that 
we're doing, we're expecting a fair bit of order flow in this particular green hydrogen area, because 
the engineering and the technical provinces of EIL are could be very well leveraged to in this 
particular area. So, we are expecting a considerable amount of our inflows and our contribution 
in this particular aspect as well. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Right, Sir. One last question if may, on the coal gasification, I think, we mentioned something 
about INR 30,000-35,000 crores for five years. So, how much will be EIL adjustable in this, and 
obviously, I think you've mentioned about it, are we expecting any significant orders in coal 
gasification in FY24? 
 
Management Team   
 
This coal gasification is a new area, and right now many of these studies are on. Specifically, if 
you see that all the Coal India subsidiaries are carrying out various studies and they've found joint 
ventures with even IOCL, BPCL and GAIL also for setting up of the coal to chemical projects. So, 
this is just an initial stage. In this year, we've seen those agreements happening. But now the next 
step would be the studies to be carried out, and those becomes viable then if we go into drawing 
board and go into implementation. 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 13 - 
 
 
What we recently see is the only the main project which is coming up in the coal to methanol 
project which is of Neyveli Lignite Corporation wherein we’re also involved. That's the recent 
project which is coming up. But otherwise, various small studies are on, kind of pilot projects, 
everybody is looking for the pilot projects studies to be done, every pilot project studies are 
successful, they might go for the implementation. This being a new area, so everybody wants to 
venture into it, but after thorough study of it, as well as see the based on the pilot project is been 
setup, if they’re successful, then will go for the implementation of the major project. 
 
So, it is going to come, INR 30,000-35,000 crore will be there for further coal gasification, but next 
3-4 years targets, because everybody announces based on the what government announce, but 
later on government agenda is there for gasification. So, all the public sector and coal gasification, 
coal companies are working towards it, and they've to comply with it, but it will take some time 
because it is a new sector. 
 
Amit Anwani   
 
Thank you. Got it. All the best. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. We have a follow up question from Mohit Kumar, from BM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
One clarification, Sir. On the NLC India coal to methanol, has the commerciality been established, 
and does this require any sort of subsidy from the Central Government? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
I don't think any subsidy is required. And it is commercially being viable and that's how they have 
gone into implementation of it. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
So, we expect the ordering to start from FY24. Is that a fair assumption? 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 14 - 
 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
From FY24, we can see that because right now it's in the tendering stage for the contractors to 
be finalized. So, we’ll see. It should come somewhere in early FY25. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Sir, secondly, in the budget there was a INR 300 billion kind of investment was given for some 
energy transition to oil companies. Is there any opportunity for us and what kind of investment are 
these? 
 
 
 
Management Team   
 
So, the energy transition, it's a very wide area where number of verticals, oil and gas sectors is 
working on a number of verticals in the area of energy transition. One of it is in the area of the 
green hydrogen, one of it is in the area of energy efficiencies of the refineries. So, in the area of 
energy efficiencies, because that's the way they're going to reduce their carbon emissions. So, 
as EIL we've considerable strength and a lot of fast-track record in undertaking these type of 
energy efficiency studies for our refineries. So, this will be definitely tapped as and when the 
refineries come up with their proposals. So, we'll be definitely tapping on this particular area as 
well, and in the green hydrogen we've already explained that what our strategy in the green 
hydrogen aspects would be. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Sir, given the INR 300 billion already been announced throughout, has there any color, any talks 
with these oil companies, with the kind of investment they are looking at? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
See, everybody is right now at a very initial stage, they're having their own approvals, and they're 
formulizing their internal strategies and internal investment plans. So, once these investment 
plans are considerably strengthened, we'll be pitching in, and also a lot of suo-moto studies like 
what they don't even perceive, that product suo-moto studies on these aspects also being done 
by EIL, so that we are aware that in what areas they've to go on in this particular transition. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 15 - 
 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Say, another couple of months, we'll get the full clarity on the investment require of INR 300 
billion? 
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, sure. Probably in the Q1 next financial year we'll get more clarity on the investments by each 
and every OMCs and our pitching on that particular. 
 
Mohit Kumar   
 
Understood, Sir. Thank you, Sir. 
 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. Next question comes from Kunal Mishra, from Singleton. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Mishra   
 
Good afternoon, everyone. Sir, I'm a retail investor and I've one concern to raise that the kind of 
returns that Engineers India Limited share has given. Is management concerned about that kind 
of return this share has given over a period of five years, three years, if we can see?  
 
Sanjay Jindal   
 
Yes, we're equally concerned, and you'll appreciate that by way of dividend. We're already 
rewarding to our shareholders, and in the recent past we've given a bonus share also in 2017. 
And in this quarter, in this 3rd Feb Shareholder Board Meeting we've already declared interim 
dividend of INR 2 on the face value of INR 5. So, we're hopeful to continue with our legacy of 
paying dividends to our shareholders, and we’re sure that in the coming time our shareholders 
value, our share price will also increase because we have very good position in the form of order 
book as well as further exhibition point of view.  
 
Kunal Mishra   
 
Yeah. Thank you, Sir. I've one question only. Thank you. 
 

 
 
Transcript – Engineers India Limited Q3FY23 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
- 16 - 
 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you've any question please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. I repeat. Ladies and gentlemen, if you've any question, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. Thank you, there are no further questions. Now, I hand over the floor to Miss 
Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital for closing comments. 
 
Bhoomika Nair   
 
Yes, Sir. I would like to thank you for giving us an opportunity to host the call, and answering all 
the queries, and thank you to all the participants for listening in and asking all the questions. 
Thank you very much, Sir. 
 
Management Team   
 
Thank you, Bhoomika. 
 
Management Team   
 
Thank you, Bhoomika Ji. 
 
Bhoomika Nair   
 
Thank you. 
 
Management Team   
 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for 
your participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your 
lines now. Thank you and have a good day. 
 
____________________________________________________ 
                          Note: 1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                                    2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
