 
 
15th February, 2023 
 
 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd (BSE) 
Phiroze Jheejheebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code - 543308 
ISIN: INE967H01017 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 Plot No.C/1,  'G' Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol - KIMS 
ISIN: INE967H01017 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analyst / Investors. 
 
In Continuation to our letter dated 8th February 2023 the Company organized a conference call with 
the Investors/ Analysts on Friday, 10th February 2023 at 12:00 Noon (IST). A copy of the Transcript of 
the conference call held with the Investors/ Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been 
uploaded on the Company's Website 
 
at https://www.kimshospitals.com/investors > Disclosures under Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 > Analysts Calls schedule, PPT & Transcripts > Transcripts, Audio & Video 
Recordings > FY 22-23. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website of your exchange. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly 
 
For Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences Limited  
 
 
Uma Shankar Mantha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
MANTHA UMASHANKAR
Digitally signed by MANTHA UMASHANKAR 
Date: 2023.02.15 17:40:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“KIMS Hospitals 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL JEEWANI – IIFL SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. BHASKAR RAO BOLLINENI – FOUNDER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KIMS HOSPITALS 
DR. ABHINAY BOLLINENI – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KIMS HOSPITALS 
MR. 
VIKAS 
MAHESHWARI 
– 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – KIMS HOSPITALS 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to KIMS Hospitals’ Q3 FY2023 
earnings conference call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on the 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Good afternoon everyone. I am Rahul from IIFL Institutional Equities. I welcome you 
all to the Q3 earnings conference call of KIMS Hospitals. From KIMS we have with us 
today Dr. Bhaskar Rao Bollineni, Founder and Managing Director, Dr. Abhinay 
Bollineni, Executive Director and CEO, and Mr. Vikas Maheshwari, CFO. Over to you 
Sir for your opening comments. 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni: Good afternoon and a warm welcome to all of you. A few days ago our Honorable 
Union Finance Minister presented the annual budget which augurs well for a stable 
economic climate. Increase in capex is the defining feature of this budget. It aims at a 
fiscal consolidation while also delivering good growth and inclusion and also cleaner 
and greener future. 
 
Let me now come to our own financial results of KIMS for Q3 FY2023. The financial 
highlights your company recorded a good performance with a steady growth as can be 
seen from the following results. Current quarter includes three months of performance 
of Nagpur Hospital post acquisition of M/s SPANV Medisearch Life Sciences Private 
Limited effect from September 1, 2022. Consolidated revenue from operations grew by 
42.8% year-on-year basis Rs.5621 million. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA excluding 
other income, Ind-AS adjustments and one off items grew by 14% on a year-on-year 
basis to Rs.1417 million. A consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin stands at 26.2%. 
Nagpur now stands at 27.2% an improvement of 0.1% in quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Recent acquisition that is Sunshine and Nagpur Hospital have shown sequential 
improvement one of its items the EBITDA margin for Q3 FY2023 Sunshine EBITDA 
stands at 21% and Nagpur stands at 11% which is very encouraging for our team 
working on ground to turn around the acquisitions. During the quarter company has 
acquired additional stake in three of its subsidiaries 1.92% stake in Sunshine Hospitals, 
4.07% in Kondapur Hospital and 7.79% in Srikakulam Hospitals. Going forward we 
aim to acquire further in these units. During the quarter the company has disposed of 
one of its subsidiaries Suryateja Healthcare Private Limited (Sunshine Karimnagar 
Hospital) to focus on core markets in Telangana. Our operational highlights both IP 
and OP volumes have registered growth. The IP volumes increased by 26.5% year-on-
year basis and OP volumes have grown by 36.3% in year-on-year basis. On quarter-on-

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
quarter basis there is a slight decline in IP volumes by 1.7% due to festive season; 
however, OP volumes grew by 1.7% on quarter-on-quarter basis. The average revenue 
per operating bed and the average revenue per patient have registered increase of 
28.6% and 12.8% year-on-year basis. On a quarter-on-quarter also there is an increase 
in 2% and 1.1% respectively. I am glad to share that KIMS continues to attract patients 
from all parts of India as well as from abroad on account of its affordability and clinical 
excellence across all the departments. The new unit of Sunshine Secunderabad Hospital 
is in final stages of completion and we aim to shift to this new state-of-art facility by 
FY2024. Projects undertaken at Nashik Greenfield project and Bengaluru Semi 
Brownfield projects are progressing well and are expected to be operational by 
FY2025. Vizag Gastro Unit is ready and will be operational by FY2024. We rolled out 
applications that automates operational workflows including financial counseling and 
relationship management through management among others for greater operational 
efficiencies. The expansion plans as you know the expansion is meant to build up 
increased volumes by wider reach. Our expansion strategies are spurred by strong 
balance sheet position and aimed at spurring stronger balance sheets by value creation. 
We are always guided by the prudent financial discipline and the dynamic optimism to 
optimize the returns to our investors. 
 
The clinical achievements in a first of its kind in India doctors at KIMS Secunderabad 
removed a liver weighing 12 kg. A rare case of insulinoma was successfully treated at 
KIMS Secunderabad. An unusually big tumor of 23.7 kg was removed from uterus by a 
surgical oncology team at KIMS Secunderabad. A 3-year-old boy with heart 
complications operated successfully at KIMS Cuddles, Kondapur. A 7-year-old gets a 
new lease of life after a series of lower limb surgeries at KIMS Vizag. First ever 
simultaneous liver and kidney transplant was done on a 50-year-old patient at KIMS 
Vizag. KIMS Nagpur doctors removed an almond stuck for two days in an 11-year-old 
boy’s lung successfully. A rare cartilage transplant surgery was performed at KIMS 
Kurnool. First ever kidney transplant was done at KIMS Ongole. First ever balloon 
venoplasty was performed at KIMS Saveera, Anantapur. In a first of its kind in Andhra 
Pradesh a 92-year-old woman got a stent implanted in a flat 10 minutes time. A 95-
degree bent spine successfully corrected at KIMS Sunshine, Hyderabad. Though it 
does not pertain to Q3 I intend to share with you about India’s first interstate 
interhospital kidney swap that took place a few days back in Hyderabad at KIMS and 
Virinchi Hospital. The two couples are from Chhattisgarh and Telangana. Four 
surgeries are performed simultaneously on the couples with video streaming in a real 
time. The wife’s kidney was transplanted to the husband of the other persons 
respectively. Swaps have been placed earlier in the same hospital at Mumbai but this is 
the first time to be done at two hospitals. This may set a good precedent for increase in 
number of transplant. It is also an awareness I am giving to our investors where a lot of 
people are suffering with the kidney problems where when there is a donor is not 
available this method can be used. As regards new technology and equipment I am glad 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
to inform you that we have installed auto robots for total knee replacement and hip 
replacements at our KIMS Secunderabad and Kondapur. This technology will lead to 
increased precision and reduced recovery period and we hope that it will be extended 
for all our units if the need arises. 
 
Academics. Now that the COVID is behind us our academia is in full swing. Our 
doctors from various departments participated in a number of international forums and 
presented their papers and won projects and prices. Dr. Sita Jayalakshmi, Senior 
Consultant Neurologist has been awarded the prestigious A B Baker Teacher 
Recognition Award by the American Academy of Neurology. She will be honored with 
the award of the 75th Annual Meeting of American Academy of Neurology scheduled 
to be held in April 2023 at Boston. Department of Rheumatology KIMS Secunderabad 
represented India at the American College of Rheumatology Annual Conference at 
Philadelphia, USA in November 2022. This conference is attended by over 20000 
rheumatologists from around the world and is the most prestigious rheumatology 
scientific meeting in the world. Our residents were the only rheumatology 
postgraduates from India to have oral presentations. This is the first time in India has 
presented in these esteemed scientific sessions in Asia. Department of rheumatology 
KIMS Secunderabad diagnosed a patient with VEXAS syndrome in 2022. This is a 
new and extremely rare disease discovered in 2021 with less than 30 patients 
worldwide. Our case was first in South India. KIMS organised an International 
Convention of Neuroendoscopy and heart and lung transplant at Hyderabad with 
overwhelming participation of experts in respective fields from across the world. This 
kind of involvement in global forums will enrich professional expertise and help us 
serve the patients better and provide enhanced medical care. Apart from the 
tremendous clinical work our consultants and residents do we emphasize and 
encourage them to take part in academic and research work also since it will lead to a 
good quality care to our patients this is a continuous journey. We encourage our 
students as well as consultants to participate in national and international conventions, 
these will ignite their passion and ambition and their return to provide world class 
healthcare to the patient. Not only though we participate in such forums but also 
organize 
and 
host 
international 
events 
like 
international 
conventions 
of 
neuroendoscopy and heart and lung transplantation mentioned earlier wherein we invite 
world renowned experts in respective fields to stimulate exchange of information. We 
show them our hospitals and get their inputs to continuously improve our patient care 
which ultimately gives us a lot of mileage and teaching more number of patients. Why 
I am mentioning all these clinical achievements and academia contribution is because 
we firmly believe that the best clinical care given to the patients will bring in more 
number of patients. 
 
The revenue growth has to be generated from increased by volume and not by charging 
heavily. Volumes and not tariff should lead the growth. Under the ages of KIMS 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
various programs were conducted to create a breast awareness program during the 
month of October 2022. The breast cancer day is observed on October 13 every year. I 
thank you for your continued trust and support. I assure you that we will keep growing 
with all the passion in serving the patients and protecting the interests of investors. As I 
keep saying you are our growth engine enabling us to sustain our relevance, progress 
and vitality. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Our first 
question is from the line of Sagar Shah from PhillipCapital PCG. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Shah: 
Good afternoon Sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity actually. I congratulate for 
the decent quarter actually so my first question is related to our Sunshine performance 
actually and I was curious to know but since you have already described the 
Karimnagar facility and you said in Q3 of FY2023 you are going to shift your existing 
Secunderabad Hospital to the new Begumpet hospital so first of all I want to know 
about that progress and secondly an overview that going ahead in FY2024 and even 
ahead because since Sunshine is a major growth driver for us what kind of performance 
are you expecting from the overall unit as a whole that is my first question? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Is that the only question or you have a follow up question on that? 
Sagar Shah: 
I have followup questions also Sir. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
As far as Sunshine performance is concerned we are pretty optimistic on the overall 
growth. It is just that there are two facilities one in Secunderabad and one in 
Gachibowli. Gachibowli we have been able to make good progress in bringing new 
consultants but why you see the growth kind of stable and not significantly improving 
is because we have replaced a lot of the high cost consultants who were there at the 
time of acquiring the hospital with younger consultants and consultants that come in at 
a reasonable cost so I think that exercise has more or less been completed and now 
there are only one or two departments that we have to fix and few more consultants that 
are due to join and once that happens which should be completed in the next two 
quarters we will then be able to see incremental progress as far as the Gachibowli 
facility is concerned which is currently at a 30% to 40% occupancy with these 
incremental departments getting added soon it should get to a 60% to 70% kind of an 
occupancy which we foresee will happen probably in FY2024. As far as Begumpet or 
Secunderabad is concerned like we always mention in our previous calls the current 
facility is not in a position for us to attract good talent and it will not be able to scale 
the hospital in the current address form, hence we have decided to go and build a new 
facility which we will move in from April 15 and once that is complete the occupancy 
in the Begumpet facility is around 40% to 45% but has considerable chance to go up to 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
65% to 70% over the next 18 to 24 months once we move into that facility. We have 
identified the gaps in the clinical talent. We have already identified some clinical talent 
who are also going to join only once we move into the new facility, so with these two 
leverages being utilized I think the occupancy will go up and once the occupancy goes 
up I think the margins will be very similar to what we are seeing in our Telangana 
hospitals or AP matured hospitals we are pretty confident once it hits that 60% to 70% 
kind of an occupancy we will be delivering similar margins. We are pretty confident 
that Gachibowli we will get there in the next 18 months and Begumpet once we move 
in which is anticipated to happen by mid April or end of April and then from there 18 
to 24 months we should hit that kind of occupancy and margins. 
Sagar Shah: 
As I heard it right we are going to move to the new facility in Begumpet by April 24 
right? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
This year April so in another two months we should move into the new Begumpet 
facility. It is slated for April 15, 2023 to April 30, 2023 so I think this quarter we will 
do the transitioning into the new facility and from then on we can start thinking. 
Sagar Shah: 
So basically can we assume for at least for the entire FY2024 from currently at 39% 
occupancy rate we can at least expect at least we can move the occupancy rate to 
anything between 50% to 60% can we assume is it right? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think if you look at it on quarter-on-quarter basis the last quarter you can see hitting 
close to 50% to 55% occupancy but if you have to look at it for the full year occupancy 
it may be a little unlikely because we will transition into the new facility then we will 
start bringing new doctors on board and it will take that much time for the ramp up to 
happen. 
Sagar Shah: 
The recovery for Sunshine occupancy so basically will go even later than FY2024 
right? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
We are in FY2024 and FY2025 you will see the Sunshine Hospital peaking to how it is 
currently in Telangana for KIMS or our AP matured that kind of occupancies and that 
kind of margins you will see in FY2025 in the full year. You will see considerable 
progress in the coming quarters but you will see the full year peaking happening in 
FY2025. 
Sagar Shah: 
Obviously the ARPOB will be less as you are including the multispecialty over there 
right? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes it will be in line with our Telangana Hospitals maybe actually a little higher 
because it will still have considerable revenue coming in from Orthopedics. 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Sagar Shah: 
Got your point and now my second question was related Kingsway so Kingsway we 
are at very initial stages if I exclude the one off we are at almost at 11.4% EBITDA 
margin and the utilization levels are very high so I wanted the outlook of what exactly 
do we intend to do with the Kingsway Hospital and where do you see is the hospital in 
the next one year or two years? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Currently the operational beds are still lesser than the total bed capacity that we have so 
when you look at the occupancy the reference is to the operational beds and not the 
total bed capacity, so what we believe is Kingsway in the current shape and form 
without further capital deployment we will be able to scale to around Rs.20 Crores to 
Rs.22 Crores of revenue per month which is around Rs.240 Crores to Rs.260 Crores of 
revenue per annum. Now we are currently at an average of Rs.13 Crores, Rs.13.5 
Crores so we are addressing around Rs.6 Crores, Rs.6.5 Crores and the way we believe 
that will happen is by bringing in new clinical teams and new clinical departments that 
are not currently present so we have in the last quarter seen three people join. Of the 15 
to 20 doctor plan we have three people who have joined, we believe by end of this 
quarter or actually at the end of Q1 we should have signed off on most of the doctor 
recruitments and we will see them join in the Q2 and from then on you can start seeing 
incremental growth. So I think in the next 18 to 20 months we should get to Rs.20 
Crores kind of a number as far as Kingsway is concerned. That will happen because 
our operational beds will move to the full utilization and bed capacity though the 
occupancy percentage may remain same and typically at Rs.20 Crores, Rs.22 Crores 
kind of revenue we anticipate that the margins will move up because we are now sitting 
on an operating leverage. Every incremental revenues that flows in a significant part of 
that will flow back into the EBITDA. 
Sagar Shah: 
Basically as you said for Kingsway our operational beds are around 250 beds out of our 
334 so do you intend to increase our operational beds in Kingsway? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes so the beds are fully installed. It is just that we have to equip the hospital with the 
right manpower and then start work, so as and when these new doctors start joining us 
we will start and the volume and occupancy start increasing we will do the ramp up. 
Sagar Shah: 
On EBITDA our future operating leverage will play out and since you add more 
clinical talent so any ballpark number in case are you targeting anything like currently 
at 11.4% so are you targeting at least 20% plus EBITDA margin in the next 18 
months? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Absolutely so like I said we are in that operating leverage at this point in time on Rs.13 
Crores of monthly revenue we are delivering 11% and 10% kind of a margin. One there 
is operational efficiency that we will bring in at the Rs.13 Crores revenue base but from 
now on every incremental revenue or significant part 50% to 60% should get added to 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
the EBITDA. One is at the 13.5 we will do a lot more operational optimization which 
will happen over the next two quarters plus the incremental revenue will further 
optimize the EBITDA margin. 
Sagar Shah: 
The next question was related to our NCDs actually we raised around Rs.300 Crores in 
this recently so wanted to have a clarity on that, that what exactly are we intending to 
use this money actually in the near future, are we looking for further acquisitions, have 
you shortlisted anything? 
Vikas Maheshwari: 
This Rs.300 Crores NCD proposal is the proposal which we have taken is the enabling 
provision because to raise the funds through NCD you need to have a shareholder 
approval so we are keeping this approval ready so we are doing the capex and 
expansion program at Bengaluru and Nashik and we are keeping those funds. If it is 
required we will raise the amount from the approved amount of NCD which is Rs.300 
Crores so as and when the funds are required in the multiple trenches we may raise 
these funds so as on date we are just keeping it as an enabling provisions and as and 
when the funds are required we will raise from that. At the same time since we are a 
growing company and if any opportunity comes which is available at a reasonable 
price we can use that amount also for those acquisitions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Piyush: 
Sir just wanted to check on the new hospitals which currently we are doing capex in 
Chennai, Mumbai and all what is the current development on those hospitals? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think pretty much all the hospitals are on the scheduled timeline that we have 
circulated in the presentation but Bengaluru the hospital is going on track I think we 
should be operational by Q1 of next year much sooner than what we had originally 
anticipated. Nashik also should be operational by the end of the coming financial year 
again sooner than what we had anticipated. Chennai at this point the Greenfield project 
has been put on hold but we are looking at some acquisition opportunities nothing 
concrete yet but yes if anything happens then that will be a good starting point for a 
250 bed hospital in Chennai. 
Piyush: 
This new hospital whenever they will start so from the day one or maybe a six month 
or year they will contribute to the EBITDA margin of the KIMS and AP matured assets 
which is like 27% to 28% type of margins or initially one or two years the margin will 
be subdued and once the ramp up happened then only they will be able to contribute 
those type of margin? 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Bengaluru, Nashik, and Chennai may be difficult to get to that kind of a margin within 
the first 24 months but hopefully after 24 to 36 months we should be able to trickle 
towards those kind of margins at least low 20s kind of a margin. 
Piyush: 
Sir last year overall we were doing EBITDA margin of around 30% to 31% or 
something, now we are doing this 27% to 28% so is it something 27% to 28% is a base 
and the last year margin where one off or some good quarters or good numbers or can 
we think there is a room for expansion to the margin to again come back to reach a 
30% level? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I think we are pretty confident about maintaining that 30% level that is why in the 
presentation it is very clear. If you look at last year we only had KIMS with us we did 
not have Sunshine and Nagpur. If you look at KIMS even today we have been 
sustaining the 30% kind of margin. Now because Sunshine and Nagpur got added 
revenue came in first EBITDA expansion will happen over a period of time that is why 
you see a dip in the EBITDA margin at a consolidated level but what you should 
appreciate is both AP acquired, AP mature and Telangana have been sustaining the 
margins that we have delivered in FY2022. Once the Sunshine and Nagpur scale up 
you will see the similar profiles for the entire group but again you will start seeing 
Bengaluru, Nasik and these hospitals come in so I think it is better to break up and look 
at the acquired, the mature ones and the turnaround one as long as we are in the 
trajectory to get to that 25% to 30% that is the right way to look at it than to look at it at 
a consolidated level. 
Piyush: 
But Nagpur, Kingsway and Sunshine are in the lower EBITDA margin because of that 
the blended EBITDA is going down from 30% to 27% percentile correct? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes because if you look at the KIMS portfolio prior to the acquisition continues to 
maintain the 30% margin. 
Piyush: 
Yes one more thing there are some promoter players with respect to real estate business 
in the last concall also it was said key promoters are in the process of selling some 
assets and reducing the spreads any update on that? 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni : It is actually on the job I think maybe another next two to three quarters that is the 
taking into one of the sale process. 
Piyush: 
My point is only not about pledge, my point is the only thing this separate real estate 
business will not impact this KIMS Hospital business? 
Bhaskar Rao Bollineni : Not at all. There is no time spent by KIMS team into that real estate. 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Piyush: 
This organ transplant business has reduced in this nine months or something of this 
current quarter because earlier what I remember it was contributing around from 5% to 
6% maybe because of some abroad specific treatment was happening or something? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Transplant as a percentage the contribution has come down is that the question? 
Piyush: 
Yes just trying to understand has that come down to 2% for nine months, is it reduced 
in the current quarter or something, will it again come back to level of 6% to 8% or 
what type of growth you are seeing this in people coming from abroad for surgery and 
all? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
As far as international patients and transplant are concerned that is regulated 
completely by the government so even historically we have had very little, we had no 
international footfall for transplants are concerned 99% of the work is only domestic 
because it is highly regulated on how it needs to be handled by the government so the 
transplant program this financial has been going good, the only difference we were 
probably seeing in FY2022 and this financial year is that last year the number of 
transplants that happened remained the same but the medical management of cases that 
happened prior to transplant because of COVID or the ECMO related cases that 
happened during COVID was substantially higher than what we were seeing this year. 
That is why as a percentage it has probably come down a little but overall if you look at 
the transplant volumes continue to remain consistent with FY2022 and we are now 
opening up few more transplant centers in our Andhra hospital so focus on improving 
the kidney transplant and liver transplant in Andhra hospital continue to be there. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
We add a little more the percentage has come down because the topline has been 
increased because of the Sunshine and Kingsway that is why the percentage is being 
maybe 1% down that is all. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
So we also just looked at the percentage in FY2022 it was 3% and for FY2023 it has 
been consistently around 2% to 2.5% so just 0.5% but on ground when you look at the 
volumes it has been consistent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh with Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir couple of questions, on that Secunderabad unit 
when we are shifting after the shifting do we see that margin would be somehow 
different from what currently we are generating? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
You are saying after the shifting? 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Ranvir Singh: 
Yes. 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
During the quarter in which we shift there will be some disruption in terms of revenue 
and cost because we will be maintaining costs on both centers for two or three months 
before the full transition happens so that quarter there will definitely be some 
disruption but after we settle in that is from Q2 of FY2024 it should continue to be very 
similar to what it is today. 
Ranvir Singh: 
In terms of occupancy how the occupancy would move because that is shifting to new 
facility you would have the larger number of bed I believe? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
One larger number of beds. It is a more prominent facility from what the current 
Sunshine facility looks like. It is a new facility, the look and feel of the hospital will be 
much better than the current hospital. All of this will enable us to attract more clinical 
talent so we have identified the requirement of close to 20 clinicians that have to be 
joining Begumpet Sunshine once the facility is ready and the 20 doctors will be on 
boarded within 12 months after the hospital is fully operational and we can see a full 
ramp up of those doctors or full utilization of the doctors once they join it will take 12 
to 24 months for us to see that so that is how we are saying in the next 12 to 24 months 
we will start seeing significant growth in terms of the ramp up that happens at Sunshine 
and a lot of the insurance companies have agreed for a price renewal which is similar to 
that of KIMS only when Sunshine moves to the new facility because otherwise they do 
not see why they should do a price hike in the current facility so that will also further 
increase the ARPOB and pricing. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So current bed capacity of roughly 600 would be expanded after shifting? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
No it will remain more or less the same. It is not about the beds it is more about the 
support infrastructure that is currently lacking at Sunshine which is what we are fixing 
in the new facility and because it is at more prominent location it will just enable to 
attract good talent clinical talent. Also Karimnagar we have divested this 75 beads 
facility so accordingly you have to adjust the beds going forward. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Because in Sunshine we have ARPOB more than double what at consolidated level we 
are achieving despite our EBITDA margin has been lower so what I want to understand 
that after shifting whether on EBITDA side I can understand that initially there may be 
some disruption but going forward can we expect that with new facilities or new 
technology there our EBITDA margin will have some significant improvement for 
example for one year or after a gap of one-and-a-half year? 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
After we move to the new facility you will see over a period of time that is over the 
next 18 to 24 months the margins are trickling up and it will over a period of time reach 
the Telangana KIMS kind of a margin profile. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Understood and in Nagpur what kind of occupancy we can expect next year? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Next year the usual time it takes for us to go in and settle in is usually it takes a year’s 
time before we can actually show significant improvement because by the time we go 
meet with the existing doctors, talk to them, they come back to us on whether they 
want to continue services, and they want to move on. We identify new clinical talent 
and they consent to come on board. Once we acquire the process and the time it takes 
before we can actually show some work on ground it usually takes nine to 12 months 
because (inaudible) 38:59 so it will takes us that 12 months time before we start being 
able to recruit the right clinical talent. Once the clinical talent is on boarded it takes 
anywhere between 12 to 24 months for us to really see a good turnaround there. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Why I am asking that already 70% occupancy in Q3 we had in Nagpur so max to max 
we can increase it to 80% to 90%? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
What you should read there is the bed capacity is 334 beds. What is operational is 250 
beds. On 250 beds we are at 137 occupancy, that 137 can actually go up by an 
incremental 80 beds being occupied so 80 beds at 30000 ARPOB is a significant 
growth. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Understood. Fine. On capex side this year how much capex we are doing because your 
presentation shows some Rs.400 Crores towards the ongoing projects or Brownfield 
projects so how much has been spent and how much remains to be done in FY2023? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
There are two ongoing projects right now which is Bengaluru and Nashik and we 
expect on those two projects to spend at around Rs.250 Crores of the amount 250 plus 
some gastro projects and other equipment, etc., which is going on so it should be at 
around totaling to Rs.75 Crores so that is the amount which we are looking at Rs.325 
Crores to Rs.350 Crores is the capex this year. 
Ranvir Singh: 
For next year? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
It should be of the similar amount coming up. 
Ranvir Singh: 
If we look at the free cash flow it seems that there would be some elevation in debt if 
you go at this rate of expansion or internal accrual would be sufficient to manage this? 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
We are generating something like Rs.400 Crores of the internal cash every year and 
you should take the view of the three years because the company is still young, very 
solid balance sheet, clean balance sheet, very low debt right now and we are generating 
a very healthy cash flow for the next leg of the growth. We are looking at Bengaluru, 
Nashik and other opportunities which we have listed in the Western, Central India or 
Chennai whenever it clicks so if you look at that trajectory I think we will be 
generating something like Rs.1200 Crores with the cash and that is what is the capex 
plan though right now the firm plan is Bengaluru and Nashik for which the capex is 
going on the balance as and when materializes we will be taking up those projects. It 
may be a Greenfield, it may be a semi-Brownfield or it may be an acquisition so based 
on that we will be doing the capex so we are not looking at very high increase in the 
debt it will be very reasonable type of debt if it comes because the capex happens first. 
If it is a ready project or the semi-Brownfield the land and building costs will be 
incurred first so depending upon the projects which we are taking whether it is a 
Greenfield or semi-Brownfield the debt will come. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay nice thanks for the explanation. Thank you and that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir on Sunshine if my numbers are correct when our IP volumes for the quarter have 
declined 20% sequentially so what has driven that decline in IP volumes at sunshine is 
it the closure of the Karimnagar facility? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
One certainly the closure of Karimnagar facility Rahul but like I said as a process when 
we get into hospital there are few high cost doctors that we want to talk to. There are 
some listing consultants which is again the practice of KIMS which we want to let go 
off just to bring in system and process so that is what we have started doing at 
Sunshine after multiple rounds of discussion with the clinical teams to decide to either 
come full time or to continue part time so some of those initiatives and we have let go 
now some credit companies where we are not seeing a fair tariff being given to the 
company which is what we receive at KIMS so because of those initiatives and steps 
we have seen this decline but after those steps have been taken we have seen that some 
of these agreements got renewed number one. Some of these doctors have decided to 
come on a full time model so you know the January month has been good. The 
December month also has been good. There has been some disruption in October and 
November that has been I think when the Q4 results are out you will see that level of 
correction happens. 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir so with you moving to the new Begumpet facility from April you think the 
current muted performance which you are seeing on Sunshine that should start 
reversing? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes because we have not been able to take except for Gachibowli which is only 20% or 
30% of the Sunshine revenue we have not been able to take considerable steps at 
Begumpet at all given the limitation of the facility and the timeline to move the facility. 
Once that happens you will start seeing growth happening from this once we shift that 
is in April or May. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
What happens to the existing campus of Sunshine at Begumpet so you would divest 
that of? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes we will. It is a leased premises so we will move on from there. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now if we look at our base business occupancies which is excluding Sunshine and 
Nagpur our occupancy this year have been let us say 400 to 500 basis points below 
what we were trending in FY2022 so what has led to this some sort of weakness in our 
existing base business occupancies and how are you looking at your base business 
occupancies going into FY2024? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Like you said Rahul like we have always communicated for us the occupancy as a 
percentage is irrelevant parameter. We just showcase it because that is what is expected 
but if you look at the dip in ALOS there has been a considerable dip close to 10% dip 
in ALOS because of which you will see a dip in the occupancy but the volume growths 
have been considerable and have been consistently growing year-on-year I think that is 
what we are more worried about and this is what we track as a parameter so if you 
annualize this year we should be at least at around 58000 to 60000 kind of IP volume at 
Telangana KIMS which is a very strong indicator that we are growing by volume and 
not by pricing. As far as occupancy is concerned it is a function of multiple parameters, 
usually it could be the case mix could change or ALOS comes down or several of those 
factors. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir so what has driven this sharp reduction in ALOS for you? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
We have always been consistently working at trying to reduce the ALOS right and be 
little more cognizant of the fact and as and when the season picks up automatically 
there is pressure on the system and the ALOS comes down at a point in time but 
otherwise we are also taking cautious effect to see how we can bring down the 
occupancy per patient of the hospital. 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir last question from my end before I join back the queue can you update us on 
your plans with respect to the Maharashtra or the Thane market the asset which you 
have been looking there? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
The answer remains the same Rahul we have not been able to make much progress 
there yet. Like we said it will take two quarters even at our previous discussion and 
hopefully by end of this quarter we should see some progress there. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure so if you can just let us know where is this process start because we have been 
hearing about this thing for past two to three quarters now so where are the bottlenecks 
line? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
The bottleneck is we are supposed to receive authorization or a letter from the 
government which is a condition precedent for the transaction to move forward. We are 
waiting to receive that document and given that it is beyond our purview to be able to 
control few of these things we are also just having to wait for it and there is a 
commitment that it will be delivered by the end of this quarter but we have seen that 
commitment in the past also but let us just give it some more time and see that it 
happens and we are planning to evaluate a lot of parameters are there on this one Thane 
project we will come back to the next quarter results 100% decision. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda with Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity. What growth drivers do you have in your base 
business of Telangana and AP matured? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
As far as AP matured are concerned now both AP acquired and matured have reached a 
point where they are very similar in terms of the revenue contribution from each 
department but there are some small fixes that need to be done which will be done in 
course of time but where we are seeing significant growth that will help us double the 
bed capacity and double the revenue over all the Andhra facilities over the next three to 
five years is the addition of new specialties so we have if you compare Telangana 
profile of clinical specialties to Andhra we have seen a big vacuum in oncology. We 
have seen a big vacuum in mother and child, a vascular surgery, interventional 
pulmonology and few other clinical therapies, so our agenda now for growth to happen 
in AP is to fix a lot of these new clinical therapies, introduce them in those existing 
hospitals, bring the right clinical talent and then be able to scale up those hospitals in 
addition to the marginal growth that will happen in the current specialties that are 
already there in AP. We want to add these new specialties that will help us continue to 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
grow for the next foreseeable few years. As far as Telangana is concerned again it is 
between Kondapur and Secunderabad so our aspiration is to see how we can bring 
Kondapur to the level of KIMS Secunderabad. Because of limitation in space in the 
current hospital we have not been able to add lot of doctors or lot of new clinical 
therapies that are present in KIMS Secunderabad so once we introduce those specialties 
and once the new facilities is onboarded we will then be able to see growth happening 
in the Kondapur facility. As far as Secunderabad facility is concerned again if you 
benchmark even within our hospitals mother and child is not a very big specialty in 
KIMS Secunderabad not even as big as what it is in KIMS Kondapur so now we are 
taking steps to address that and increase the football in this hospital. Vascular surgery 
and pulmonology are a few departments that we have identified where there is vacuum 
in Secunderabad also today. We are bringing the talent and we are onboarding them so 
that we are able to grow by volume in this facility. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Do you have the infra to do all this or the infra is fully utilized because one is you can 
add all these services but then when I look at the bed capacity or operational beds or 
maybe the OR then from that angle is there a scope? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Yes so as far as Andhra is concerned there is absolute scope in all our hospitals where 
we can add all of these facilities. In fact in few of the hospitals the capacity addition is 
happening as we speak and reduction of cancer will also happen over the next 12 
months. As well as Kondapur very clearly a new incremental 500 bedded hospitals is 
getting added. As far as Secunderabad is concerned there is headroom for growth; 
however, we are in the pipeline of finalizing or adding an incremental 300 to 400 beds 
in the Secunderabad Hospital campus itself. We should complete the ideation in the 
next three to five months, once it is done we will probably announce that to the market 
if we decide to go forward with that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So before the bed addition comes in you can grow double digit EBITDAs in this 
portfolio? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
No so I think we have been very clear in our communication always. Telangana and 
AP are very difficult for it to grow in double digit. Even with capacity addition it will 
only grow at a single digit. Where we are confident that the growth will come from is 
Sunshine and Nagpur which is on the table today so the next 24 to 36 months AP and 
Telangana will grow at single digit, the balance growth will get from Sunshine and 
Nagpur, subsequently after 24 to 36 months you will start seeing a lot of the 
contribution that will come in from Nashik, Bengaluru and so on and so forth. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So your new asset will come 24 months down the line the Nashik and the Bengaluru 
will get operational? 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Both of them will be operational in FY2024 or the last month of FY2024 or the early 
month of FY2025 but it will take some time to stabilize so hence we are not expecting 
any incremental contribution for EBITDA for the next 24 to 36 months. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Lastly Sir what is your pro rata share of the EBITDA which is reported in the nine 
months so adjusting for minority share in EBITDA 80% or more than that? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
It is 12.7% for the minority interest Pritesh. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
88% of the EBITDA which is reported let us say the EBITDA reported was nine month 
is Rs.420 Crores in that 88% is the KIMS share right? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
Correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay thank you very much Sir. Thank you. 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
Pritesh see the slide number 31 we have disclosed that 12.7%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay sorry I did not see it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sagar Shah with PhillipCapital PCG. 
Please go ahead. 
Sagar Shah: 
Sir I just had one followup question actually. The gastro unit which we are looking to 
build in FY2024 in Vishakhapatnam can you tell me something or give overview 
regarding that what is the bed capacity and how much will it constitute? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
I will just give you a little bit of background. In Vizag we have one hospital so Vizag 
has two big micro markets one is where we are currently present and we are doing very 
extremely well. The other side is where we want to be present in the future. Now in 
anticipation of being able to build a good flagship facility in the newer part of Vizag 
but it is a long haul it will take at least four to five years even before we start that 
facility we are still in the ideation phase and looking for land phase, but we have a 
good clinical team which has a very strong potential to be able to scale things up and 
be able to grow so we said we will make this small investment in being able to start this 
gastro unit because we believe there is huge potential in that micro market and before 
our larger campus is ready over the next four to five years we will be able to capture a 
significant share of the gastro market there and once the new facility is there we can 
then look at incrementally moving this into that new facility so that was the intent for 
starting this. It also acts as a feeder into our other facility which is in Vizag for the 
other specialties other than gastro so it is just a 35 bedded hospital with special focus 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
on gastro but it also gives some support to the other facility to be able to see some 
incremental volume. 
Sagar Shah: 
Actually my final question was related to this your acquired assets and your matured 
assets of AP so are you sensing any you had said before on the concall that your mix is 
changing from the Arogyasri patients to the normal cash and the insurance patients 
over there so are you sensing that in your acquired and matured assets so can we expect 
at least an improvement in ARPOB for these two Andhra Pradesh asset in the next two 
years? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
Sagar as far as the AP acquired assets are concerned they are delivering something like 
that 20% of the margin and we expect those margins to grow to the AP matured 
trajectory in next 12 to 18 months time as the revenue grows up and we do the 
rationalization in terms of the addition of these facilities and the payments both. 
Sagar Shah: 
You are not expecting any improvement in ARPOB, do you expect ARPOB to remain 
the same? 
Vikas Maheshwari : 
The transplant program and other mother and child program and other interventional 
pulmonology program, etc., whatever the Dr. Abhinay has just told once we add that 
you will see the ARPOB and ARPP both going up. 
Sagar Shah: 
Thank you very much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rishabh Sisodia with Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Sisodia: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity. Sir just from the IP volume side so given you have 
already mentioned on the Telangana and the mid single digit growth that is what we are 
expecting so over a longer period so when the Sunshine and Nagpur will be taking the 
lead so on a blended basis should we assume that the margins should stay in these 
levels for the foreseeable future because after Nagpur and Sunshine get higher margins 
we would be adding Bengaluru and Chennai and probably Thane as well so our 
blended basis should stay in this ballpark number is that a sense? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Very difficult to say that. It depends on how the ramp up in those hospitals happens. I 
think what we will appreciate is if you can actually break down these into clusters and 
maturity profiles and look at whether the hospitals that we have been able to start 
within 48 to 60 months have been able to get to a stable EBITDA margin is what we 
would want all of you to pay attention to or focus to. At a group level there will always 
be ifs and buts right so I think it is better to look at micro details than at a very group 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
level and hence the reason why we kind of bifurcated into these many clusters and 
showed the data. 
Rishabh Sisodia: 
That is it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Piyush: 
Sir two things from my side. Sir one Sunshine is having an average revenue per patient 
is around some Rs.2 lakh and the ALOS is also on the three point something which is 
lower than the overall average but still this makes a 20% of margin any specific reason 
the overall average revenue per patient is higher than all the other hospitals? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
It is because the occupancy is low Mr. Piyush. It is a very heavily orthopedic 
dependent brand event today 50% of their volume comes from orthopedics so in 
orthopedic the length of stay is usually two days, one-and-a-half to two days and the 
pricing because of the implant and all is high. Hence the ARPP is high and the ALOS 
is less but because majority of the volume is still ortho and they are only at a 40% 
occupancy they have not been able to progress. In fact this is after KIMS got in. When 
we had acquired it, it was only under 10% kind of a margin so we fixed that and we 
brought it to 20. Now as occupancy goes up their operating leverage will play in. 
Piyush: 
Average revenue per patient is higher because of the implant cost and all which is 
actually a pass through cost that is why the overall number looks on the higher side is 
that correct? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Correct. 
Piyush: 
Second thing on overall Sir what is our thought process with respect to addition of new 
hospitals because we are acquiring hospital also with the collaboration and stake of 
around 50% to 60%. We are doing Greenfield expansion also at Bengaluru, Mumbai 
and Maharashtra and Chennai is on hold so what is overall perspective to free cash 
flow and in the payback period of hospital how do you see which is the more suitable 
thing for KIMS to go into the partnership collaboration model or a Greenfield model 
because the Greenfield asset will also take time for giving the same level of EBITDA 
and the free cash flow generation and payback period will also start a little bit of late 
just color on this what is the thought process? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
From cash flow point of view, I will let Vikas speak but from a strategy point of view 
our approach is now that we have presence in the AP and Telangana we want to create 
a mark in Karnataka. There are few micro markets that we want to definitely do a 
hospital because we believe it will do well so when we look at those micro markets we 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
will first look at an acquisition opportunity but after we exhaust opportunities of 
getting something in an acquisitive nature we would then definitely want to go in a 
Greenfield format because if not we will lose out on that opportunity so that is how we 
usually thought through and have in the past executed all the acquisitions but our first 
preference is definitely to do an acquisition if we get the right facility, right size and 
the right clinical team along with it but if we are not able to after a considerable time 
we will then pursue the Greenfield route in that geography. I think a good mix of 
Greenfield and acquisition is healthy because there is certainty on what you are doing 
and acquisitions are always uncertain whether they will happen or not happen, but with 
this pipeline we are certain as to how the growth will happen in the year? 
Piyush: 
Last thing from my side. Sir we are also trying to go into the Central and Eastern 
markets like Indore and Raipur, we are we having this aspiration of Odisha and 
Bhubaneswar and all and there are some pipeline also there so when we can see this, 
right now we are doing a Rs.500 odd Crores of quarterly run rate revenue in two or 
three years can we say we can be able to touch the Rs.1000 Crores revenue run rate not 
a guidance like but just what is your thought in three years and four years with so many 
hospitals right now in the development stage maybe FY2025-FY2026 all will come and 
all will contribute to the revenue? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Right now we are doing around Rs.180 Crores per month so I think. 
Piyush: 
That is worth around Rs.560 Crores odd we did last quarter and September and 
December also we touched around Rs.560 odd Crores revenue number? 
Abhinay Bollineni: 
Correct. I think with the 30% occupancy leverage in Sunshine and Nagpur that itself 
will help us currently run rate to go up by at least 10% to 15% and then with 
incrementally Nashik and two Bengaluru facilities coming on board I am certain we 
should be there in the next three to four years. 
Piyush: 
Okay thanks a lot Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today’s conference. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Bhaskara Rao Bollineni: I thank you all for your valued presence. I would like to tell you that the questions 
raised by you in these meetings are very, very valuable and vital to help us in steering 
the growth of our organization from time-to-time. It has been a constructive and a 
positive contribution from your end in these meetings. I thank you for all your vibrant 
participation. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
          KIMS 
Hospitals 
February 10, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
