 
 
January 23, 2023  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2022  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on January 
20, 2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for Q3 FY2023, is enclosed 
herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2023.01.23 
19:01:14 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q3 FY2023 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: January 20, 2023 at 16:00 hrs   
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kushal Maheshwari – Head of Treasury and Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Kushal Maheshwari, Head of 
Investor Relations and on behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, I 
welcome you all to the company's Q3 FY 2023 earnings webinar. As a 
reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen-only mode. And then 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. 
Dinesh Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole 
Time Director; Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. Before we 
begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in 
today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer slide number 3 of the earnings 
presentation for the detailed disclaimer. Now, I would like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, Dinesh. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Kushal. Good evening everyone, and welcome to 
IndiaMART's Q3 FY 2023 earnings webinar. First of all, a very, very 
Happy New Year to all of you. We have already circulated our earnings 
presentation, which is available on our website as well as the stock 
exchanges’ website. I'm sure you would have gone through the same. And 
I would be happy to take any questions afterwards. I'm pleased to report 
that IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated collections from customers 
of Rs. 283 crores, a 28% year-on-year growth and deferred revenue of Rs. 
1,015 crores, representing a year-on-year growth of 29%. The growth was 
primarily driven by 24% increase in the number of paying subscription 
suppliers and addition of the Accounting Software Services segment that 
we acquired in the first quarter of this financial year. Continued growth 
momentum in the paying subscriber is largely driven by recovery across 
the industries and demand for the digital transformation due to accelerated 
internet adoption that we have seen over the last two, three years. Total 
traffic on the platform and the resulting unique business enquiries 
remained stable at Rs. 250 million and Rs. 22 million, respectively. Our 
90-day repeat by were standing at approximately 53%, represents the 
continued trust on the platform. On the people front, as we continue to 
build organization, we have added approximately 300-plus employees 
across sales, service, product and technology in this particular quarter. As 
the team build up is more or less commensurate with our scale up 
operation, we expect further increase in the employee base to be more or 
less in line with the growth in the number of customers. Overall, we ended 
the quarter on an optimistic note and expect to continue to build upon the 
growth momentum. The growth reflects customers' confidence in our 
value proposition. We will continue to invest in further strengthening the 
value proposition in line with our strategy. Now, I will hand over the call 
to Brijesh to update about the accounting business, especially Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. In this quarter, Busy has delivered a billing of 
Rs. 12.4 crores, revenue from operations of Rs. 10.4 crores this quarter 
and deferred revenue and advances of Rs. 24.1 crores. The EBITDA for 
this period stood at Rs. 1.6 crores with margins of 16%. And the PAT for 
the quarter was at about Rs. 2 crores. In this particular quarter, we have 
also generated positive cash flows of Rs. 4.3 crores. I would like to 
reiterate that all these numbers that we see here are numbers that has come 
post shifting towards IND AS in this financial year post our acquisition. 
Until last year, this reporting was done on basis of GAAP. However, from 
next quarter onwards, we will be able to give you comparable numbers as 
we will complete one full year of operations. During this quarter, we also 
sold 5,000 new licenses, and that takes the overall licenses sold to 323 K 
till date. We are nearing completion of hiring of our sales team across 
India. As I've shared with you last quarter that was a priority for us post 
stabilizing the operations. And we have also now started working on 
growing the partner network, especially to improve our penetration in the 
underpenetrated geographies across India. The overall performance of the 
business is in line with our expectations, and we are confident that our 
objective of doubling the growth rate of the business should be met in this 
financial year. With this, I'll hand over the call to Prateek so that he can 
discuss about the financial performance. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Thank you, Brijesh, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take you through 
the financial performance for the quarter ending December 2022. 
Consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 251 crores in the quarter, 
registering a growth of 34% year-on-year. Deferred revenue during the 
quarter stands at Rs. 1,015 crores, an increase of about 29% YoY basis. 
As these figures includes Accounting Services segment, which we 
acquired in quarter one of this year, on a like-to-like basis, standalone 
collection from customers, revenue from operations and deferred revenue 
were at Rs. 273 crores, Rs. 240 crores and Rs. 991 crores, representing a 
year-on-year growth of 24%, 28%, and 25%, respectively. As 
communicated in the previous quarters, the company continued to invest 
behind growth, primarily in manpower across sales, servicing, product 
and technology. During the quarter, we have added 325 new employees, 
taking the total employee headcount to 4,413. Consolidated EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at 28%. Consolidated other income for the quarter stood 
at Rs. 102 crores. The increase is primarily on account of one-time 
realized and unrealized gain of Rs. 67 crores on measurement and sale of 
investment in other entities, primarily ProcMart, wherein our investee 
company has raised primary capital from institutional investors at a good 
valuation. Net profit for the quarter was Rs. 113 crores with a margin of 
32%. Cash generated from operations during the quarter was Rs. 115 
crores. This includes Rs. 17 crores received as refund of tax paid for the 
financial year 2019-20. Excluding this refund, normalized cash generated 
from operations would have been Rs. 98 crores, representing 35% of 
collections from customers during the quarter. Cash and investment 
balance during the quarter stood at Rs. 2,108 crores. Thank you very 
much. We look forward to answering the questions. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Operator: 
We'll now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question to the 
panel, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and microphone access or 
you may type your question in the chat menu. Please restrict to two 
questions, so that we'll be able to address question from all the 
participants. We'll wait for a couple of seconds while the question queue 
assembles. First question is from the line of Vivekanand from AMBIT 
Capital. Vivekanand, please go ahead. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Yes, hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions. So, 
the first one is on the operating metrics like traffic, enquiries and the likes. 
So, what we see is that for the last several quarters, this number -- I mean, 
I agree that it has increased versus pre-COVID levels, but it has stagnated 
at a certain level for the last several quarters. So, my first question is to 
understand this better. What's really happening here? Is it an indication 
that the demand environment is very muted? Or is it so that we are seeing 
more competition? I'd like to understand this better. Second question is 
with respect to the -- related to the first one, which is the collections 
growth. We have managed to sustain collections growth at a rate higher 
than our long-term 20% guidance. Just wanted to understand the 
confidence that you have in growing your collections at the same pace, 
perhaps next quarter at fiscal '24? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Let me first answer the second part of the question. Because you can see 
the number of customers acquired or added in the last three - four quarters 
have been significantly higher than our historical net customer additions, 
and obviously, that is starting to result in to approximately a 25% kind of 
a collection growth. As the base effect takes starts to take place, and as 
the percentage wise number of net customer addition, which is about 
8,000 that we have guided, we have been guiding, I think this will trend 
towards that 20% long-term. So that's the second part of the question. On 
the traffic and inquiries. So, if we look at the traffic, you are right, there 
has been a significant increase from pre-COVID. And that significant 
increase, a lot of that was due to shortages that happened during that 
COVID time, whether it was medical or whether it was other related stuff. 
And now I guess, those have slowly and slowly tapered down, while the 
traffic is still maintained at elevated levels, that is coming from the other 
parts. You may be right that there may be some here and there economical 
and inflationary pressure that might have some muted demand. But that's 
not really visible if you see the traffic even until the last quarter -- 
September quarter was Rs. 260 million. And it's just this particular quarter 
in the holiday season, too many holidays in this particular quarter, so 
we're showing a little bit of a downward trend. But I'm sure that this will 
continue to be maintained at Rs. 260 million or so. Thank you very much. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Vivekanand: 
This is really helpful. Just one small follow-up. Am I right in inferring 
that the exports market is very sluggish at present given the global 
prevalent factors. And Dineshji, if you could just comment on the impact 
of that on our business, if any? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, we are typically a domestic B2B marketplace and 95% of our business 
happens -- 90%, 95% of our business happens for the domestic market. 
Even the buyer side traffic, if you go and see on some of the external 
websites, which give you less than 10% of the traffic comes from 
international places. So, we would not be the right party to comment on 
the export-related business. In general, last entire decade, we haven't been 
very bullish on the export. But FY '21, I think there was specifically some 
spurt on the export. So, it is still to be seen what long-term impacts or 
medium-term impact would come on the export. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Thank you. I'll rejoin the queue. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Vivekanand. Next in queue is Abhishek Bhandari from 
Nomura Capital. Abhishek, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Hello sir. Can you hear me? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Yes sir. Thank you and Happy New Year to everyone. Sir, I just had two 
questions. One, first is on your other income. There is a very abnormal 
high number on the other income in the consolidated numbers, almost Rs. 
100 crores plus. I could not understand the maths behind that, because the 
cash balance, what we have is only around Rs. 2,100 crores. So, if you 
could please help me with that. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes, Prateek here. Hi, Abhishek. So, as I discussed, the other income was 
per Rs. 102 crores in this quarter. It has two components. One is our 
treasury income, which is a return on the cash and bank balance we 
maintain. And second is the gains on the strategic investments or any fair 
value gains that we get on that. So in this particular quarter, there has been 
an one-time realization and realized gain of Rs. 67 crores coming on 
account of the sale of investments and measurement in other entities in 
our investments, primarily ProcMart, wherein they have raised a primary 
capital from the institutional investors at a very good valuation. So 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
roughly around Rs. 50 crores gain out of the Rs. 67 crores is coming on 
account of that investment. And the remaining Rs. 17 crores is on account 
the other investments that we have. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Okay. Have we sold the entire stake in this company? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
No, we still own 19.5% in this company. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. The second question is on the competitive intensity. 
So, you know your peer, which focuses more on the B2C classified 
business has been talking about aggression on the B2B side with their 
field staff and hiring plans. If you could share, are you seeing any rise or 
any threat from any competition of yours, particularly on the classified 
business? I'm not asking about the transaction, B2B? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, I don't think we are seeing any, we are hearing anything from our 
customers or our sales team. And it's been almost -- more than a year or 
so ever since that B2B thing happened. But no murmurs anywhere from 
the customer or anywhere from the sales team. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Thank you sir. And sir, my last question is, we added around 6,200 - 6,300 
paying subscribers this quarter. Are you happy with this run rate? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. As I've been guiding that we will, on a longer-term basis look forward 
to 8,000 plus customer addition per quarter, which is about 33,000 - 
32,000 in a year. And this particular quarter, it was a one-off because there 
was Dussehra, Diwali in the same month. So, there was so many less 
number of working days, otherwise, I'm still confident that we'll still do 
more than 8,000 in March quarter for sure. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: 
Thank you sir. And all the best for this year. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you very much. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Next in queue we have Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Anmol, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Hi, am I audible? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, you are audible. Please go ahead. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, on the margins levers. So, we 
have been building for some time on the margin levers, particularly the 
operating leverage to play out. So when do you think that the operating 
leverage will start to play out in the business? So that is one. And 
secondly, I wanted to ask is the assumptions right that the current supplier 
additions that we are doing is more on a monthly basis. And in the past, 
what we have seen is that these monthly suppliers do get upgraded over 
the quarters. So are you expecting a good amount of ARPU increase as 
well in the coming quarters as well? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So first part of the question is that margin so as I said, out of these 36 
months of COVID, the first 18 months we did not do any investment, 
whether it is manpower or whether it is -- so because there were too many 
uncertainties. This is only from around the same quarter last year that we 
started making aggressive investments back in market. And I think rightly 
so. So currently, the manpower expenses has gone up on two counts: one, 
we started to hire more people; and two, the average salaries have shot up 
considerably in the last two years. So that is showing up in the unrealistic 
margins that was there 44%, 45% during the Corona time. If you look, we 
are now back to that 28%, 29% margin bracket pre-COVID. And now the 
-- if you look at the cash flow from operation versus the collections, the 
cash flow from operations, removing some of the one-time tax refund is 
about Rs. 90 - Rs. 95 crores on a like-to-like basis, which is started to 
trend in the cash margin slightly towards upwards of 30%, as I have been 
guiding on a long-term target of about 33% or so. So, I think we are fine 
on that side. But it will probably take one or two more quarters before it 
can start to expand. The second part was monthly to, yeah. So, as we have 
been telling about one-third customer come on the annual subscription 
and two-third customers come from the monthly subscription. The 
monthly subscription customers have much higher churn, annual 
subscription customers have a lower churn. And from monthly customers 
we typically upgrade over a period of time to Annual and Gold. So, when 
they move up to the Annual mode in the Silver annual or Silver multi-
year, the ARPU does not increase much. However, when they move up 
further to the Gold and Platinum, then that's when the ARPU starts to 
increase. Currently, since the number of customers at the bottom of 
pyramid is going too much up, so the ARPU increase, you will not see in 
the overall customer base. Whatever ARPU that you are seeing increased 
is that you are seeing in the top 1% and top 10% customer base. So in the 
near-term, as long as we increase the customer base by 20%, you will not 
see the overall ARPU increase. But as we start to change the mix of the 
customers in a slightly longer period of time, then you can expect a CAGR 
based ARPU increase of 4%, 5%, 6% that we have seen in the past also. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, thanks, Dinesh. So just one follow-up on that. That the number of 
customers that we are adding right now, so has the mix changed that more 
than two-third are being added on a monthly basis as compared to earlier 
where two-third were added -- being added on a monthly basis? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So pre-COVID versus now, I think, we are same. Because during the 
COVID most of the churn happened in that monthly customer. And we 
also did not prefer too many monthly customer coming and going in that 
time, because we could not have signed the NACH form, et cetera. So 
during the COVID time, most of the customer either were acquired on the 
annual mode or churned out of the customer base. So the monthly 
customer base had fallen significantly by the end of FY '21 and even in 
the middle of FY '22. So I think we have built up back again. And now I 
think the mix is back to the same level as the pre-COVID level. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, thanks. Thanks for the answers. I will join back in there. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Anmol. Next in queue, we have Nikhil from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead with your question, Nikhil. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Okay, hello. Can you hear me? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, please. Yes, Nikhil, we can hear you. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
So, I want to understand the statement in terms of disconnect between 
revenue growth and employee growth. Revenue growth has been in the 
last couple of quarters really good. But if you see in terms of employee 
reach and since first quarter of FY '22 when we started hiring 
aggressively, employee count growth has been much higher. Just 
comparison like fourth quarter of '22 to fourth quarter of '21, employee 
count was up 44%. And even the outsourcing costs has been up from 8%, 
9% run rate to 14%. So basically, what I want to understand is the 
employee productivity or revenue per employee is definitely high from 
recent historical trends, so are you looking to increase it back to the recent 
trends we have seen or this is steady state, given we are still hiring? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Okay. So Nikhil, if I could understand your question right, your question 
is more on the employee growth numbers and outsourcing. In the last two, 
three quarters, the growth numbers in the employee is much more than 
our revenue growth. And second is growth on the outsource sales cost. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yes. So basically, number in the last six quarters has increased much 
faster than revenue growth. And also the outsource cost as a percentage 
of revenue has increased from 8%, 9% to now approximately 13%, 14%. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, so do not compare them with the -- during the COVID era. As I said, 
if you compare them with during the COVID era it will not be the right 
thing. Compare that with the pre-COVID era, first quarter of FY '20 or 
last quarter of FY '20. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes. So Nikhil, outsource sales cost is essentially the cost of the customer 
addition. So, you can look at the number of customers that we have added, 
that could justify maybe the reason the outsourced sales cost growing in 
line with that. In the terms of employees, as Dinesh also said in his 
opening remarks, that in the last four quarters, we were actually doing the 
catch up of the growth in the employees that we haven't done in the last 
two years. So going forward, now we are almost done with that. So going 
forward, we expect our employees to increase in line with the customer 
growth volume. This year has been an aberration because this year has 
been a more catch-up on the investments that we haven't done in the 
previous two years. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If you see this slide, the dark blue graph remains at that 55%, 56% now. 
So for the last three quarters, it has actually stabilized and the revenue 
growth has caught up with the employee growth.  
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Understood, one more question on Busy, we are seeing decline in the 
current quarter as well as margin decline in the last couple of quarters, 
just wanted to understand is there any seasonality or there is some organic 
element as well or how should Busy will trend in Quarter 4 from 
seasonality and organic growth perspective.  
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So Nikhil as we have shared that we would be investing behind building 
the sales team all across India, so that we are present in markets where we 
are underpenetrated opportunities. So the decline in the margins you see 
is from building the team upfront which will result into growth in 
revenues over the next 2- 3 quarters itself. So it is the only principle why 
you see the decline there overall, as I mentioned, the business that we've 
seen in the last nine months vis-a-vis the nine months of the previous year, 
we are in line with our target of doubling the growth rate. So we are fairly 
happy and comfortable with that. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Understood, thank you so much and good luck. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Next question is from the line of Swapnil from JM 
Financial. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi, can you hear me? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes, Swapnil. Go ahead. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Yes, thanks. So I had two or three questions. First, on the traffic and 
business enquiries trades like. Like as we discussed earlier, the trends 
have not really changed in the last few quarters. Now is it possible that 
you would be compelled to spend towards A&P if those trends do not 
change in the next few quarters? That's my first question. And the second 
question is like we were expecting some integration benefits with Busy. I 
assume that those benefits are not getting captured right now. So can you 
give some indication as to when we would see those benefits coming in? 
That's number two. And number three is with respect to the cash on the 
books. What are your plans to use that Rs. 2,100 crore of cash that is 
sitting on our books. How do you plan to utilize there? Thanks. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: From the traffic side, I've already answered that currently, there has been 
30%, 40% gain from the pre-COVID levels. And in terms of the buyer 
and supplier side, number of enquiry and everything, I think we are still 
comfortable. If things require over the next -- I mean, not in this financial 
year for sure, if things require, we have last done the advertising in FY 
'16. I think it's been seven years. And so we will -- if at all, we have been 
guiding that, if at all we will do, we will do the brand advertising. But I 
don't think it will be mostly to do with the traffic or something. It will be 
more on the brand recall side. On the cash, I think we have been doing 
two things, mostly either returning money back to the shareholders as per 
the dividend or buyback or doing investments into M&A. And we will 
continue to do both the things going forward as well. Our last few years 
of cash returned to the shareholders has been Rs. 33 crores and Rs. 46 
crores except the FY '21 when there was a COVID time. And I think that 
is about one-third of the profit pool. And this year, Rs. 130 crores. So I 
think that will continue to happen. And on the rest of it, the last couple of 
years we have invested into Busy. We have acquired Livekeeping and 
also invested into Vyapar. About Rs. 660 crores, we have invested in the 
accounting segment. And in case we find any other opportunity suitable 
then we'll do that. Otherwise, we'll return the cash. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:    And on the question of integration with Busy, as we had guided last 
quarter also, this year is a year where we wanted to smoothen the whole 
transition of the management that has happened and get better control on 
the operations of the business. We are actively discussing internally on 
ways and means of doing it. But this is something that we would be able 
to start working upon from next financial year only. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Sure, thanks for taking those questions. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Swapnil. Next in queue, we have Mukul Garg from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead with your question, Mukul. 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Yes, look Dinesh, I just wanted to follow-up on the previous question 
regarding the employee growth. It's still a bit confused on how we should 
look at it. Can you just help us with the right way we should kind of look 
at the employee growth? Should we look at the revenue per employee, 
collection per employee? Or is there another metric we should kind of 
think about when we kind of view, how the employee growth will happen 
over the next year or two? And how operating leverage can play out in 
the business based on the current employee base? Because if I look at the 
revenue per employee or even collection per employee you are back to 
early days of FY '21. And while you obviously had a massive operating 
leverage gain in the subsequent quarters, but now it has all reverted back. 
So, should it be the case that your employee growth now onwards be in 
line with your revenue growth? Or should revenue growth actually lead 
employee growth generating operating leverage? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal:  Yes. So, there are two ways to look at it. One is look at the employees, 
sales and service employees as a function of the number of total customers 
-- total paying customers. Approximately for every 66 customers, 
including the lease level service and customer care person, and including 
their management overheads, management spend, that works out to be 
something like that, 65 - 66 customer, one employee. So from that 
perspective, we see we were quite low on the number of sales and service 
employees, because we did not backfill during the COVID even if there 
were attrition. And now the customer base has suddenly grown. So I think 
we have done the ramp-up and we started doing this ramp up about four, 
five quarters ago. And I think we are probably towards the fag end of the 
catch-up being done, maybe another quarter, 100 - 200 people, we are still 
less. That's the one is there. And then on, you can probably expect the 
number of employees to grow in line with number of customers or 
collections for some time. And if we do not get a shock of like last year 
in terms of the rerating of employee salary by about 25%, 30%, then I 
think we should start to see the operating leverage again, as we have seen 
in the past from 71% in FY '16 to 52% in FY '20. FY '21 and '22 are 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
aberration because we really did not invest behind employees or anything. 
So from 52%, we are a little bit 4% ahead, but I think we should be able 
to catch up that in the next two, three quarters. 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure. So just to get it right, you are saying on an ongoing basis, between 
100 to 140 salesperson would be required assuming 7,000 to 9,000 
customer addition per quarter. And as this kind of plays out, assuming 
again that you don't get another supply side shock in FY '24 and given the 
trajectory of your deferred revenue, how should we view the operating 
margin next year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So I think the way I look at it is the collection from customers and cash 
flow from operation on a like-to-like basis. On that side, if you see the 
collection from the cash margin had gone down to about 28% and 30%, 
this 42% is not like-to-like basis because there is a onetime gain of tax 
refund of about Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 18 crores -- Rs. 17 crores to be precise. 
If I reduce that, I think we are now close to 35% cash margin, and that 
should reflect in the revenue to EBITDA over a period of time. 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Great, thanks for taking my questions. I'll get back into the queue. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Mukul. Next in queue, we have Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Advisors. Hi, Manish. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Okay, I had three questions. The first question is, could you talk a little 
bit about attrition in the number of paid suppliers? So if the target is to 
add about 8,000, I guess that is a net supplier addition target. Can you talk 
a little bit about in the first nine months of this year, what is the gross 
addition? And how many have attrited? That's the first question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, Manish, we do not give out the gross addition and churn numbers 
specifically, we give out the net addition as well as the general guideline 
on churn. As we have said that Gold and Platinum, they continue to be 
churn less than 1% per month. However, on the Silver, annual and multi-
year because we have started to acquire customers majorly in the last four, 
five quarters, their renewals are started to come from last quarter or so. 
First year churn is higher. Second year churn is lower. Third year churn 
is even further lower. So, they are on an average if the customer mix 
remains same, it remains about 2% per month or it goes as high as about 
3% per month. On the Silver monthly, again, in the early six months, the 
churns are higher and later on the churns reduced. So here also as the 
number of customer has grown up significantly, the churns are little bit 
higher on the early years, and that is exactly when we were doing 9,000 - 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
10,000 customer addition I was guiding about 8,000, and I continue to 
guide about 8,000. So I think that answers all the part of your questions. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yeah. My second question is, could you talk a little bit about how big you 
think Busy could be in 10 years? How do you see the size of the 
opportunity? Where is your market share? It's been over a year now since 
we acquired the company. So for long-term investors, how do they think 
about how big Busy could be and the rest of your accounting portfolio in 
about 10 years? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So when we look at the overall accounting space itself, and we look at 
existing players that are there and the total volume of sales that they do 
right now, the overall revenues of all of these companies put together is 
between Rs. 1,000 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores range, right and that's the 
current scenario. Our expectation on the accounting piece is that it's the 
improved focus of government on tax compliance, making GST more 
friendly for businesses. We see that over a period of time, the overall 
usage of accounting software by businesses will continue to have a good 
CAGR growth in double-digits over the next 5 to 10 years' period. And 
therefore, if we look at that kind of a momentum, one, we feel confident 
that the accounting space in itself will go ahead and may actually become 
something which is of billion dollar in revenues or more. Second, when 
we look at the average revenue per customer in the whole industry today, 
versus the value that is derived by the customer, the ARPUs are very, very 
low as compared to the value. We will see an improvement in the ARPU 
also over the next decade, because as a lot of customers will start to adopt 
cloud solutions, which will be at a much higher cost vis-à-vis the desktop 
software products that are available. Secondly, there is an increased 
adoption of mobile apps by these users allowing for improving the 
ARPUs. So that is another, let's say key driver of this billion dollar plus 
opportunity that we will see here in India. So we are confident that both 
on the side of new customers adopting accounting software's as well as 
ARPU that is generated from each of these accounting software 
customers, both will actually grow and making this a billion dollar plus 
opportunity. It depends on how well we really go ahead and execute our 
plans and what share of this revenue are we able to get for ourselves. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Manish. Next in queue, we have Sarang Sanil from RW 
Investment. Hi Sarang, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Hello, am I audible? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Yes sir. Please go ahead. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions 
relating to the engagement metrics and then operation related question. 
So first of all, what is this algo change you've been talking for couple of 
quarters, which is affecting the unique business enquiries of IndiaMART? 
And also, we can see the number of registered buyers are up 15% YoY. 
But the active buyers count, which is essentially the material number 
which we should be looking at, this has been stagnant over a couple of 
quarters now? Why is this so? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Let me ask the answer the second part of the question, which is the active 
buyers. So active buyer, if you look at year-on-year basis, pre-COVID it 
used to be 29 million - 30 million active buyers, which has now gone up 
to 37 million - 38 million buyers. So it has actually increased by about 
30%, in line with traffic. Why are they not coming back again and again? 
Why our repeat rates remain at 53% - 55%? Is that the healthy rate? Is the 
80% repeat rate is the healthy rate, that's the product market rate that we 
continue to work upon. On the B2B side, we believe that once a quarterly 
repeat on an average of a large base like this is a good number if it is 
upwards of 50%. We are not making any changes in the algorithm to 
decrease unique business enquiries. We are only making changes in the 
number of business enquiries that are formed from the unique business 
enquiry to be delivered to multiple suppliers. So that number used to be 
about 5.1% in FY '17 we found that either our matchmaking was not good 
enough or the supplier responsiveness was not enough and we needed to 
introduce almost six, seven supplier per buyer in order for a buyer to 
receive three odd and relevant replies. We found that now with the 
behavioral-based data that we have collected and started collecting post 
FY '19 because of the mobile adoption of the sellers, has given us enough 
pointers that we are now able to do much more accurate matchmaking 
between a supplier and a buyer. And number two, the suppliers' 
responsiveness have also gone up significantly, especially post-COVID 
that people have adopted to internet, and they have seen the power of 
internet during the lockdown. So that gave us the opportunity to reduce 
certain competition and reduce certain wastage. So that is where I think 
we believe that we should now be able to do with five odd supplier per 
buyer, which is what we continue to do. Some changes we do on a 
monthly basis, that is why you are seeing some fluctuation from 5.2 to 5.3 
to 5.5, but our target is to go to 5.0. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay, sir. That makes sense. And one operations related question is that, 
you had mentioned on the media that margins have bottomed out. But in 
Q4, would we still see a pressure on margins coming from the increased 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
headcount and also higher collection that happened during the quarter? 
Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So when you say margins are bottomed out, you should see quarter 
as compared to the previous year same quarter, because there is a 
seasonality in our collection and cost. The first quarter collection is lower. 
The last quarter collections are higher so or you should look at the cash 
margin side. So I think the cash margin has probably -- if you look at the 
cash flow from operation without the tax refund, it would come down to 
about Rs. 95 crores or so. And that is probably where I can see that the 
margins have bottomed out. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay sir. So we can expect Q4 to have EBITDA margins less than 28%, 
right, because of higher collection...? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. You should expect 2%, 3% lower. Historically, that has been the 
trend. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay sir. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you Sarang. Next in queue, we have Kushagra from Old Bridge 
Capital. Hi Kushagra, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Kushagra: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. A few questions. First, to start with just a 
follow-up on what the earlier participant asked. So I just want to 
understand this two line items registered buyer and active buyer. So there 
was a 5 million jump in the registered buyers, right? And there has been 
recent absolute increase in the registered buyers for the first nine months 
as well, but your active buyers have not budged at all. So does this imply 
that there is an equal amount of leakage in the active buyers or how should 
we understand the change in these two particular line items? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, that's exactly what it says that there has been leakage in terms of 
people who came. Because, in general, what happens when every now 
and then a lot of non-B2B buyers or occasional buyers also end up coming 
to IndiaMART and put posting certain query, which is who do not become 
a regular, permanent kind of a buyer. On a B2B buyer side, I think there 
is a lesser churn, but on an occasional one-time, somebody building a 
house or somebody looking for a service or a product one-time, there is a 
churn. So this actually points to the buyer side churn. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Kushagra: 
Okay. So if that's the case, I mean, on a 9-month basis, you have almost 
added 15 million registered buyers, right? And I mean, if I consider that 
as a churn that almost means 40%, 45% of the active buys have churned, 
right? And you sort of say that 53% of your buyers are repeat buyers.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So about 55% is repeat, then 45% is churn, right? 
 
Kushagra: 
The churn, okay. Got it. Second question is on that line item of outsourced 
cost. So just trying to understand if correct me if I'm wrong, is this sort of 
correct to assume that this Rs. 32 crores of quarterly run rate, which you 
have as outsourced cost, largely represents the sales handling part through 
which you sort of expect to add 8,000 to 9,000 paid suppliers. Is that right? 
And if that's the case, how much capacity is sitting in that Rs. 32 crore 
line item. Or Rs. 8,000 crores to Rs. 9,000 crores just like working on the 
full potential? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Outsource sales cost, yes, you are right that outsource sales cost, primarily 
is new sales acquisition cost, whether it is tele-sales or whether it is this. 
Now the second question is, is the productivity at a full force level? You 
can say that we have made 100 plus channel partners in the last 18 months 
or so. And many of those people are yet to deliver better productivity. 
However, most of the channel sales side, we only take the first six months 
handholding, and then they become on the per sale basis. So it is quite 
variable after six months of the channel handholding. On the pure in-
house sales, there, yes, the productivity matter, but there we are not 
adding too many people. I think we had 1,000 odd people there. 
 
Kushagra: 
Okay. So basically, if that's the case, does this also imply that that Rs. 32 
crores represent quarterly run rate represents Rs. 8,000 - Rs. 9,000 of paid 
supplier addition. And hence, the customer acquisition cost for you guys 
comes to around almost Rs. 35,000, Rs. 37,000 right, which is almost like 
80%, 85% of your ARPUs. So considering the churn, effectively not 
much money is made for probably the first two years. And thereafter, as 
and when these customers -- you mine those customers, the large part of 
the OCF is made from those existing paid suppliers and within that 
effectively the top 10% of the paid suppliers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, of course. So the top 10% contribute about 46% of the revenue and 
almost 80% of the profits. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes. And also Kushagra just to add, when you look at the quarterly 
addition of 8,000 to 9,000 customer, this is actually net of churn customer. 
So when you look at from an LTV standpoint, essentially after incurring 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
that particular cost which you said, we are getting a customer who is 
paying me perpetually, because you've already factored in churn in the 
cost there. So that's the only correction to your hypothesis, rest is fine. 
 
Kushagra: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, last two questions. One, data question with respect to 
top 10% customers and top 1% customers. So how much of that revenues 
from those customers come from buying leads, which is basically they 
generally buy leads over and above their assigned package, which forms 
part of their ARPU, which forms part of their revenues. A broad range 
will be helpful. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, Kushagra that's a good indicator. Whenever somebody starts to buy 
lead additional to the package that they have taken, that's a good indicator 
that it's time to upgrade them. So 90%, 95%, 98% of the people typically 
will have the right package where they will get lead cost at a much more 
reasonable, because that comes bundled versus buying additional leads. 
 
Kushagra: 
Sorry, so for the next year, if they sort of go for the renewal, based on the 
leads they have bought, it's already packaged in their offering, is it? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. I mean, even in the middle of the year, suppose somebody has taken 
within Platinum, a Star Supplier package. Suppose we have three 
packages, Star Supplier, Leading Supplier and Industrial Leadership 
package. Now a Star Supplier package comes with between 3 - 5 weekly 
and 50 to 100. So between Star Supplier, it's a three per week per day and 
four per day in the leading supplier. So if we see that in the Star Supplier 
is running at the full capacity of its lead consumption behavior, then we 
try and approach him to say that there might be more leads and you are 
better off upgrading to a leading supplier package. So most of the people 
end up upgrading, because there they get a certainty of lead as well as the 
visibility as well as the direct inbound traffic. Very few people actually 
purchase leads in the retail manner. 
 
Kushagra: 
Okay, okay. Got it. Understood. And last one from my side. So basically, 
you generally have commented in the past that you evaluate your 
investments up to one year and then you sort of see what to do with it, 
either go ahead and invest more or probably take some more time. So on 
that, just trying to understand any update on the acquisitions, especially 
those two - three, Fleetx, Industry Buying and Bizom, apart from the 
accounting ones where you are sort of invested more. So any plans to 
offer them with your existing plans or any more rounds of funding to 
happen? And with respect to Industry Buying, any progress or learnings 
from that investment, because this is almost your second highest 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
investment after accounting. So yes, those were the questions from my 
side. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. So I think Bizom, we continue to remain very positive, because 
Bizom is a scaled up business. In the FY '22, the revenues were closer to 
Rs. 50 crores or so. And they are almost operate at a minus 10% EBITDA 
kind of level. So Bizom we have done, I think, third investment now? 
Third investment now. On the other scaled up opportunities is the Fleetx 
where they have last time they had raised, they are still sitting on a good 
amount of cash. Yes, they are investing also heavily and their revenue is 
also growing well. Other than that, Vyapar is one, which also has raised 
enough capital in the last round and continued to grow well. So these are 
the three, four slightly scaled up opportunities which are there. On the 
Industry Buying, MonotaRO until last year, because they acquired -- 
when they acquired Industry Buying, they -- immediately COVID 
happened and they could not really come and do make much help in the -
- now they have started to come, and we have started to visit MonotaRO 
facility and do some cross learning. So on the MonotaRO side, I think it's 
an e-commerce business and it remains a cash guzzler. And that is exactly 
why we wanted a limited exposure to that. And someone who has the 
global knowledge on this and has scaled up this opportunity in some other 
locations and profitability. So we believe that it will take some time, and 
it will probably require some more investments every year or so, but not 
as heavy as the other e-commerce platforms are the kind we did in the 
Tolexo times. So I think they are better than that. But in terms of growth, 
they are also finding it difficult. All other ones are very, very small and 
are still less than a year kind of investment. 
 
Kushagra: 
Got it. Thanks a lot and all the best guys. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Kushagra. Next in queue, we have Rahul Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Rahul, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Can you share some of the initiatives that the company has taken to ensure 
that there is a reduction in churn rates over time and also improvement in 
upscaling of subscriber from Silver plan to much more lucrative Gold, 
Platinum plans. And can you share any metrics with existing this trend if 
you're already doing it? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. So let me answer first the second part of the question. If you see the 
ARPU over a five-year period. You will see that the ARPU had grown 
from 33,000 to 45,000 - 46,000 and now trending at a similar level. So 
ARPU has grown at 5% CAGR. This ARPU is not only at the bottom of 
the pyramid, this typically comes from the top 10% customer, which is 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
the upgrade from Silver monthly to Silver annual, multi-year to Gold to 
Platinum. And also we have been disclosing top 10% customers revenue  
for the last so many quarters, if you see that has grown from 40% of the 
revenue to almost 46% of the revenue and their ARPU has also grown 
from 180 K to now 226 K it's a top 10% customer. While the customer 
base has also grown from 15,000 last year -- last to last year to 20,000 
now. So if you compare it with FY '18 or FY '19, we have grown from 
10,000 top 10% customer to now 20,000 top 10% customer with 175,000 
ARPU to now 225,000 ARPU. So on the churn side, that is the main 
product market fit that we continue to work upon. And that is the main 
job that we continue to do. And their one thing is the number of buyers 
that you can bring and the quality of buy lead or the RFQs that you can 
generate and the most efficient matchmaking that you can do. So if you 
see the matchmaking slide, we apply the supplier behavior to do the better 
searches. So what we do is, I know, I've given this example in the past 
also. Suppose there are two furniture manufacturers and if you look at 
their brochure, they will typically have everything from sofa to chair to 
tables to. But if I look at their RFQ consumption behavior or lead manager 
behavior, then we will know that they are specifically interested in a 
particular product, not though they belong to a particular industry called 
furniture, but the one supplier A is probably more into office chair, where 
supplier B is probably more into sofa sets. So we know exactly out of the 
20 items which are listed, who is the specialist of what. And similarly, we 
know that if this supplier is based in Delhi, which all places he has affinity 
to supply. Similarly, the price points that he is looking at and the 
quantities that he is interested in. So these are the things that we do so that 
the effort is reduced for the buyer and seller in terms of finding the right 
supplier or a right buyer. And that is the main thing that we continue to 
do on reducing the churn. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Sir, just one or two incremental thoughts to this question. Sir, while 
you attributed that the ARPUs is one metric to measure entire item, 
completely agree that. ARPU is one way to look at it. But I'm sure lot of 
your Platinum customers are born Platinum because they are a very big 
brand. And I don't think they would have gone to a Silver to Gold to 
Platinum journey, but many of them would have been born Platinum on 
day 1. So it's not completely addressed that aspect, but I understand that 
there's not many ways to look at it. And so other ways to probably get 
some local list is either if you could share some cohort analysis over time 
that how many of your total user in year one to year five has seen a journey 
in terms of churn versus upgrade over a period of time. And if you keep 
sharing that on a five-year basis in your Annual Report. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: You are 100% right that some of the enterprise customers may be directly 
born as a Platinum customer, but they are very handful in numbers just 
200, 300 in numbers. Whereas, when we are saying top 10% customer, 
we are talking 20,000 customer, and I'm sure 19,000 of them were born 
as a Silver and then went to Gold and then went to the Platinum. So 95% 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
January 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
of the customer go through that same journey of Silver to Gold to 
Platinum. And we take a lot of pride in our upselling systems that we have 
created over a period of time. Many of the people have appreciated that 
this is a very sophisticated system. Maybe sometimes you are here, we 
will like to explain it more. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
I'm sure. I've been a user and I can see that how relevant it is, not today 
but for so many years. But somehow the behavior of supplier on our 
platform is not reflecting, because, A, I see the price point is very cheap, 
which could not be a reason for lot of people to sustain on the platform. 
And then we also see that how matchmaking, how perfect it is, even as a 
consumer when we try to search something as a buyer. But I mean, this 
very high churn rate somehow is not reflecting the true potential, that's 
what my reading is. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, you are right. The Silver monthly and Silver annual customer 
continue to be a problem to be solved better. Despite such a low ARPU, 
there is a very, very high churn. However, once they upgrade to Gold and 
Platinum, I think their stickiness improves to almost 90%, and their 
ARPU also goes upwards of Rs. 2 lakh. So you are right, at Rs. 3,000 a 
month, why there is so much of churn, and we are yet to find a better 
solution there. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Rahul. With this, we come to the end of Q&A session. Now 
I hand over the call to management for their closing remarks. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our conference call for 
quarter three FY '23. We have tried to address your queries in the time 
available. But if you still have any queries, please feel free to contact our 
Investor Relations team. Last quarter is the great quarter for most of 
Indians. So, wish us luck and wish you luck. Thank you very much. Bye. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude this 
webinar. Thank you.   
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
