castrol.co.in 
 
Registered address:  
Castrol India Limited 
CIN: L23200MH1979PLC021359 
Technopolis Knowledge Park, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093 
Tel: +9122-66984100 / Fax: +9122-66984101 
Customer Service Toll Free No: 1800222100 / 18002098100 
 
 
 
11 May 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001      
Scrip Code: 500870 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: CASTROLIND                           
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of audio recording of the Post Earnings Call for 1Q FY 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
audio recording of the Company's post earnings call with analysts/investors held on 
Wednesday, 10 May 2023 is enclosed. The same is available on the website of the 
Company.  
 
The transcript of the recording can be accessed on the following link: 
https://www.castrol.com/en_in/india/home/investors/information-for-
shareholders.html under INVESTOR CALL DETAILS --- 2023 --- 1Q FY 2023 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank You. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Castrol India Limited 
 
 
 
Hemangi Ghag 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
HEMANGI 
YATEEN 
GHAG
Digitally signed by 
HEMANGI YATEEN 
GHAG 
Date: 2023.05.11 
16:39:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
“Castrol India Limited 
Post Earnings Call for 1Q FY 2023” 
10 May 2023 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP SANGWAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
CASTROL INDIA LIMITED  
MR. DEEPESH BAXI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – CASTROL INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our Analyst Call for Castrol India Limited 1Q 2023 Financial 
Results. Please note that all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and you can ask 
your questions after the opening statement. If you need assistance during the call please press 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone to reach the operator.  
We have with us Mr. Sandeep Sangwan, Managing Director, Castrol India Limited, and Mr. 
Deepesh Baxi; CFO and Whole-time Director of Castrol India Limited. I now hand over the 
conference to Mr. Sangwan. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for attending Castrol India's 
First Quarter '23 Earnings Call. I hope you and your family are doing well. And just to remind 
you that we have our financial year from Jan to December, and that's why we call this our quarter 
1 earnings call.  
And I'm very pleased to share that Castrol India Limited delivered resilient performance in the 
first quarter of '23. And through our kind of session today, we'll talk more in detail. We built 
good growth momentum from fourth quarter '22 and registered quarter-on-quarter growth in first 
quarter of '23. Our performance versus the first quarter of last year was impacted due to 
inflationary pressures, high input costs and fluctuating forex. But I'm very positive as we go 
through rest of the year and with the momentum that we're seeing. 
And to begin, I'll invite Deepesh, our CFO, to talk you through our first quarter numbers and our 
financial performance in detail. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thanks, Sandeep, and good afternoon to all of you. We announced our first quarter 2023 results 
last evening, and here are some of the key financial highlights. In 1Q 2023, we reported a strong 
financial performance. Our revenue from operations was INR1,294 crores, and this is up by 10% 
compared to INR1,176 crores in 4Q of 2022. That number is also when we compare to 1Q 2022 
last year's first quarter is up by 5% from INR1,236 crores.  
Profit before tax was INR288 crores, which is higher by 16% compared to the sequential quarter 
of 4Q 2022 and lower by 7%, INR311 crores versus 1Q 2022. Overall, we remain confident of 
our strong business fundamentals and long-term profitable growth in India. I would now like to 
hand over back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. Thanks, Deepesh. Apart from the financial performance, I'd like to draw your attention to 
some key business developments at Castrol India. First, we expanded our presence in service 
and maintenance space, increasing our Castrol Auto Service outlets to over 300 across -- about 
100 cities in India. And we have 5,000 Castrol Bike Points across India. We will continue to 
drive consistent growth in the subsequent quarters and enhance our industry partnerships to ramp 
up our service and maintenance offerings and in new strategic segments such as automotive 
aftercare. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
On 28th of February, Castrol also unveiled its refreshed brand identity globally, including an 
updated look and feel. The brand refresh with the theme of onward, upward and forward is aimed 
at better reflecting its unique positioning in the market and the opportunities it sees in meeting 
the changing needs of customers.  
Castrol India also collaborated with JioCinema for streaming the 2023 Tata Indian Premier 
League, IPL, as an associate sponsor. The partnership aimed to engage with cricket fans across 
India and leverage the platform to showcase, Castrol's refreshed brand identity. With this 
association, Castrol continued its long legacy of sponsoring some of the world's largest and most 
significant sporting events over the years.  
Castrol Super Mechanic Contest won the Best Branded Content Category Award at the 
prestigious Asia Pacific Festival of Media Awards. Please note, Castrol India Limited will hold 
its 45th Annual General Meeting for shareholders on 11th May of 2023. We've also taken actions 
on sustainability, especially around plastic waste reduction.  
So, for example, by March of this year, we've collected 100% of our plastic that goes into the 
market, which is ahead of the regulatory requirements and we're very seriously looking at other 
opportunities to reduce plastic in our packaging using renewable energy in our plants. So, a lot 
of initiatives around sustainability as well to make sure that we stick in line with our overall 
objective of reducing waste, improving energy efficiency and reducing plastic. 
With that, I'd like to thank you for your attention and would like to open the session for your 
questions, feedback and views, please. Faizan, over to you for -- we can start the questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Bhagyesh Kagalkar from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
This is Bhagyesh. So, a couple of queries on the new initiative area. First of all, the Annual 
Report has come out, and the good thing is there is substantial backing to us from BP Group, 
which is also far ahead in the charging or even in other EV areas. And we should benefit from 
this thing logically.  
But the whole issue is company needs to lay a roadmap for next 3 years to 5 years basically. 
Where are the revenue potential, as well as the profitability potential for the future areas? I'll just 
give an example of charging. So, most of the charging facilities in India are very underutilized, 
hardly 3% in the EV space. So one needs to be slightly cautious and yet lay a roadmap for the 
future, for next 3 years to 5 years? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So Bhagyesh, thanks. Excellent question. Very insightful. We have a very clear roadmap for the 
next 3 years to 5 years. And the first point I'd like to say is our core business, which is built 
around lubricants will continue to stay very robust for the next 3 years to 5 years.  
We're beginning -- we're seeing more than 20% growth in the car category given the low 
penetration in India of passenger cars. And I'm talking internal combustion engine, ICE cars 
here, EVs. Two-wheelers still continue to grow, although the electrification will come much 
faster in two-wheelers and commercial vehicle and agricultural sector continue to grow. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
So the underlying lubricants business and related fluids will continue to stay very robust for the 
next -- in fact, going well into the 2040s, okay? So that's one thing I'd like to say. And Castrol 
always strives to grow slightly ahead of the market in this space. That's point number one. 
The second is, as I said, the second building block is our service and maintenance or the 
workshop business, okay, where we're making a headway in growth with our own network, 
which is 300-plus strong of Castrol Auto Service which service cars and 5,000 bike points, so 
giving a trusted quality service to consumers, okay? Last year, we had announced our investment 
in Ki Mobility Solutions, which is a unique digital business model, again, playing in the 
aftermarket. So that's the second leg of our growth. 
And the third leg of our growth is we are entering into adjacencies. For example, over the last 2 
years, we've piloted auto care range. And this year, within this quarter, in fact, we'll be making 
that as a national launch going forward. So, I think our next 3 years to 5 years roadmap as you're 
requesting is very clear in terms of where we want to grow and how we want to grow.  
EV charging, you rightly said, it's still a very nascent area. And BP is partner company, which 
Jio-bp is looking at that opportunity. And if we can add any value, we will add value to that with 
our large network of 100,000 outlets that we have across the country. So, that's the broad shape 
of where we are headed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nalin Shah from NVS Brokerage. 
Nalin Shah: 
At the outset, let me just say the kind of confidence, sir, you have expressed in the future of 
Castrol is very, very, I think, welcome and we really feel very confident about the performance 
of the company.  
My question is also more or less similar that where do we see the company from here on for next 
3 years to 5 years in terms of whatever we may say, top line or like kind of a growth, which is 
expected in terms of volume, in terms of value, etcetera? And where do we see the company 
from here in terms of this kind of growth, which you outlined for 3 years to 5 years because we 
need to have some kind of, I mean, understanding in terms of the investment point of view? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Okay. So thank you, Mr. Shah for your question. I think at the outset, let me say, we typically 
don't give any guidance in terms of growth numbers, etcetera. But I'll give you a broad shape, 
and then I'll request Deepesh to join in, okay? 
Nalin Shah: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Category, if you look at the total lubricants category, that grows at about 3% to 5% in that broad 
range. And we don't see that changing significantly in the next 5 years or even longer at least, 
okay? But our endeavor is to grow our volumes and top line ahead of the category by a few 
points, okay? The second is, we will continue investing in our brand, okay? One of the strengths 
is our brand, because we are a premium brand, and we'll continue to be a premium brand. So 
investment behind our brands and you would have seen in the numbers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
We will continue at a level that we've historically invested in, okay? And we have capital 
investments that also go to support some of our initiatives, whether it is service and maintenance, 
independent workshops, etcetera. And then through cost efficiencies, if we can add another 
percentage or so, if you look at our -- this quarter's EBITDA, which is, again, back to 23%, 
which was 21% in quarter 4 last year. And I think we've said we'll operate in a band of 23% to 
26%. So EBITDA margins will also continue to be operating in that frame. So hopefully, that 
gives you a view of how we're looking at the next 3 years to 5 years. 
Nalin Shah: 
Yes. Perfectly okay. But since these new initiatives are there, can we have some guidance, as 
you mentioned about the 3% to 5% growth in the lubricant business? So similarly, just -- can we 
have some idea about what kind of a -- considering the other new initiatives, what kind of a top 
line growth we can sort of project? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think on the new initiatives, to be honest, Mr. Shah, it's still early days, okay? We have 
certain projections that I don't want to share on a call. But hopefully, once we have 6 months to 
12 months of kind of performance under our belt, we'll be able to have a better view on how 
much that can add to the top line. But as you said, we are committed to kind of auto care category, 
okay, as one area. And the second is expanding our presence in independent workshops to begin 
with. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Pranay Gandhi from Green Portfolio. 
Pranay Gandhi: 
I have a question regarding your after-sales service that we got into community building 
initiative sales the company is taking. But I would like to know what proportion of our sales 
come through these tie-ups in comparison to our conventional business? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So Pranay, thanks for asking that question. I think what I would say is almost about 80% of our 
revenue comes from automotive space. And primarily, we are an aftermarket company. Our 
OEM business component is small as compared to the overall business. And we play in the 
aftermarket because that's the strength of the brand where we can get the premiums and the 
pricing that we can demand. 
Now from the tie-ups, I think Ki Mobility is just getting into execution phase, okay? But they 
have a good coverage of garages, retailers, and I think we'll start seeing the momentum on that 
area. Independent workshops is another big component in our mobility space, okay, which 
accounts for a good percentage of our sales in 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers category.  
So overall, I would say, just keep the frame of automotive, about 80% of our business and 
primarily coming from the aftermarket. That's how we kind of -- more than that, I don't want to 
be very granular. And Deepesh, if you want to add anything, please comment. 
Pranay Gandhi: 
Thank you for answering that, sir. My only concern here was that since we are tying up with 
independent workshops and training them, so does it add on to the margin or probably our sales 
volume exponentially? Or we are still somewhat in a similar range as we were previously done 
taking this initiative? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
No. So, I think possibly we'll be in the similar range plus, minus. But I think what is happening 
is as vehicles get more sophisticated, okay, and the engines get more sophisticated, both in 4-
wheelers and 2-wheelers, that gives us an opportunity to upgrade the portfolio. okay?  
So from viscosities like 20W,10W, the market is moving to more 5W and 0W, okay, which is 
better products, thinner oils and where Castrol has a good advantage in terms of technology 
because we can leverage our European R&D centers. So, there will be an upgrading opportunity 
as the category shapes. But overall, the trends would be pretty similar because workshops, the 
only shift we are seeing is the demand in passenger cars seems to be shifting from retail to 
workshops now. I think that's one trend that we are observing. 
Pranay Gandhi: 
And what about the margins? Do we command higher margins with our own tie-ups? For 
example, Ki Mobility as well, since we would have access to their spare parts, which we could 
supply to our own tie-ups, workshops. Apart from that, even the lubricants, do we earn a higher 
margin in our own workshop or the workshop with which we have tie-up in comparison to the 
market in general? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So Pranay, our margins are pretty similar, whether we work with partners such as Ki Mobility 
or whether we work in our workshops. The advantage we get with partners such as Ki Mobility 
is they operate under the brand of myTVS, and they are a much more digitally-focused business. 
So, we get synergies on a brand level. Plus, we get additional access opportunity for incremental 
volume and incremental business. But the margin structures are pretty similar, and we want to 
protect our margins, whether we work with partners or whether we work in our own workshops. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mohit Mehra from Guardian Capital. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Okay. So the first question is a bookkeeping question. What were the volumes during the 
quarter? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Sorry, we couldn't hear you. What volumes? 
Mohit Mehra: 
What is the volume number? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Okay. Sorry. I thought that was a following question. Volume was about 55 million liters. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Okay. And secondly, how much inventory of logs and additives do you maintain because if I 
look on a Y-o-Y basis, crude price has actually declined. And even in your opening comments 
as well as in the press release had said that because of inflationary pressures, the margin has 
declined on a year-on-year basis. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So let me just explain this in a little bit more detail. So direct linkage with crude oil is 
probably not a fair assumption, reason being that crude oil to base oil and then from base oil to 
additives when the manufacturers do, there is a lag, right? And then from the time base oil comes 
into our tanks to the time it gets manufactured also and then sits in the inventory, there is a lag. 
But having said that, typically, we would have inventory which range between about 25 days to 
40 days, depending on the raw material or finished goods. That's one. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Second is one ability that we have, which we do pretty well is managing this working capital 
cycle and doing shifts local, between local buy and international buy to both leverage the costs 
as well as manage inventory. So to give you an example, currently, while crude oil is going down 
and the base oil is also softening, our inventory at March is on the higher side from the range 
that I've given to make sure that we -- sorry, it's on the lower side because we have made sure 
that when we buy, we do a bit of a buy later on so that the inventory is lower, and therefore, we 
don't get blocked into the working capital. So, that's the process we adopt. Coming back to your 
question directly, it's in the range of 30 days to 45 days. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Got it. And there is no inventory revaluation that happens, right? So everything is recorded on 
as price paid, right? Because, for instance, they have inventory reevaluation that caused a lot of 
fluctuation in earnings? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
No, we don't. Our accounting system -- I mean, if you look at our policy in accounts, it is a 
weighted average cost. So, I don't know if you're asking whether there is a mark-to-market. We 
don't have mark-to-market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Bora from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. 
Abhijeet Bora: 
Sir, can you give the base oil prices currently and like, what was in the previous quarter? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. I think the base oil range was about INR1,000 to INR1,100 in the previous quarter. And 
towards the end of the quarter, it went towards INR1,000. And I'm giving you the external 
benchmarking that is there and available. And in this quarter, it's gone down by about $100. 
Abhijeet Bora: 
Okay. So it is close to around INR900 currently? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Around INR900, INR950, yes. 
Abhijeet Bora: 
Okay. And when we expect this benefit to flow into our numbers given the -- like inventory 
buildup we have? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So the way we look at the benefit coming through is, it's a combination of benefit coming through 
to us from a P&L perspective or can we pass on some of that benefit to consumers and customers 
because we have a pricing strategy, we have a framework that we operate in. So, it's a 
combination of kind of that benefit being passed through to the market, but also kind of helping 
our P&L. That's how we kind of manage the fluctuations in the price. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Banthia from Girik Capital. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Hello? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
The line for the current participant has got disconnected. We'll move on to the next question 
from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, if we bifurcate a ballpark figure, how much our current sales is generated through the 
synthetic oil where this base oil has a very minimal use there and how much is from the products 
are purely a base oil base? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So first of all, let me kind of just correct one statement. Synthetics also use base oil, but they use 
a higher quality base oil, okay? There are different grades of base oil. So synthetic products also 
use a higher quality base oil, first of all. So it's not that they don't use any base oil. 
Bharat Sheth: 
But is that fair understanding the content is comparatively lower? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Not really, okay. I don't want to get into specific technology, but they also use similar level of 
content but over much higher quality versus non-synthetic or monograde products, yes. And if 
you look at about 10% to 11% of our sales comes from synthetic products. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So how are we seeing the traction of that business because that's having a long drain? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So long drain definitely kind of impacts the frequency of oil changes, but that gets 
compensated through better quality of products where we can charge a premium. So it almost 
kind of plays out. And that's why the category itself continues to grow at between 3% to 5% on 
a per annum basis. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And last question, sir. Our base oil, how is the availability domestic vis-a-vis global? Because 
what we understand, our Indian refiners largely are remaining away from, I mean, producing 
base oil. So if you can give some industry perspective on that? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. Sure. So, I think if I give you the present scenario, I don't think there is a problem, frankly, 
on the availability locally or internationally. And that obviously is translating into the softening 
of the base oil. I think what we do is, while we have -- which is an advantage to us, while we 
have global contracts, right, negotiated globally, we do get price advantage. And the certain 
component of our purchases is through global and therefore, imports. Of course, we get exposed 
to some forex risks. But the trade-off is pretty good in that sense. 
And then we -- as I was mentioning earlier, we used tactically to buy locally in terms of making 
sure, depending on the price of base oil is going up or down to manage our inventory and work 
that through. In case there is a supply constraint, then also we can -- we have that lever available 
to import versus domestic buy. But in -- if I were to generalize the response, the availability is 
not a problem right now. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Fair. And also the decline is bulk shipping rate has helped us in any way reducing our costs. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Let me understand your question. Your question is? 
Bharat Sheth: 
During post-COVID immediately, the freight rate has gone up. Of course, largely, it was 
container, but it has also moved up significantly, then what was the remaining average? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So, there is softening on that as well. So, there is benefit we can see there as well, if that's 
what you're asking. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital Investment 
Advisors. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Sir, the first question is on the overall volume growth that we registered for the last year. I think 
it was very flattish from the previous year. See if you can give us some understanding of how 
the market moved last calendar year and how we performed across different categories where 
we were ahead, if in personal mobility, we were ahead, if you can give some color around that? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So, I think you're right. The last year volume was flattish. And I think last year was a story 
of 2 halves. We had very good volume momentum in the first quarter and then because of the 
inflationary pressures, kind of it started softening a bit. And second half, from a volume 
perspective was soft, whereas because of pricing, the turnover was pretty fine. Now in terms of 
share position, I wouldn't like to kind of give specific numbers, but we've grown our share over 
the last few months in passenger car. 
I think the shares have been a bit soft on 2-wheelers, okay? And we more or less held our shares 
in commercial vehicles and in agricultural sector. And I think looking forward to this year, we 
see the category still at about 3% to 5% growth rate, okay? And I shared some numbers earlier 
in terms of the spaces might be slightly different. So, that's the broad kind of a position where 
we are. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
But sir, would it be correct to say that probably personal mobility, which is both cars and 2-
wheelers grew in high single digits or close to double digits for us last calendar year in volume? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. You're right. Passenger cars grew in high double digits -- in mid- to high double digits. I 
think 2-wheelers was high single digits, okay, that's what. And then we had some pressures on 
commercial vehicles and agricultural sector second half, okay? And industrial volumes were 
also a bit kind of softer. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Okay. That is helpful, sir. Sir, second question is because there have been repeated concerns 
given the uptick in the EV space in India, I would like to ask, in case you can share some insights 
from your Chinese market given Castrol is also a big player over there, and the EV penetration 
is much higher, both in 2-wheelers and 4-wheelers? How is the Indian oil volume growth been 
in China, given Castrol is a much bigger player? If you can share some insights, that will be 
helpful. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So I think, first of all, we are very active in the electrification of EV fluids, both globally 
and in China. And almost 50% of the global OEMs use Castrol EV fluids in one way or the 
other. And in India also, we supply to 2 of the largest EV players in the passenger car market, 
which is Tata and MG Motor and we have supply positions with them.  
The second is, I think in India, the electrification is not going to be as fast as in China. We expect 
the pace of electrification -- it will happen in India, but I think the lubricants market will continue 
growing well into the 2040s, where in China, the pace of electrification is much faster. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
And I think what our learning has been in China that we engage with the OEMs early in the 
process in terms of making sure that we are also helping them with the development of EV fluids 
and their vehicles. So for example, we work with many of the Chinese OEMs like BYD, 
Shanghai Automotive, and we work with them on EV side as well.  
So, that's the broad learning. I think, China, the 2-wheeler market electrified many, many years 
ago, okay? So 2-wheeler comparison is not relevant as far as China is concerned because there, 
it was more like moped kind of uses of two-wheelers rather than motorcycles or scooters as we 
see in India. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is to bring to your notice that the call will conclude in the next 15 
minutes. The next question is from the line of Pratik Banthia from Girik Capital. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Sir, my question is on the service business, which we are planning to expand. Sir, how do you 
see this as an opportunity, given there are not many organized service centers and given the 
Castrol, the brand name, how do we plan to leverage this, given there's a lot of money in this 
business? So what is the way forward for us? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think the way forward for us is, Mr. Banthia, first of all, is to create a network where 
consumers or customers can get consistent quality service. Because one of the issues we have -
- consumers have is they don't trust the independent auto aftermarket in terms of getting a reliable 
service. And having that network helps us, first of all, making sure that the consumers are getting 
genuine products, genuine Castrol lubricants for their engines, which are right for their vehicles. 
The second is we train these workshops. We have -- we certify them through standard operating 
procedures. We have a tie-up with the certification agency. So right now, the intent is to create 
that ecosystem in India, as you rightly said. With myTVS and Castrol, possibly, we will be able 
to create one of the largest aftermarket ecosystem around service and maintenance. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Got it, sir. Sir, this will be kind of -- the customers would be coming to Castrol service outlets. 
After that, their 3-year warranty is over, what an OEM gives. Yes. So here, we would also need 
parts, auto parts, there's a replacement or something like that. So then how would we take care 
of the availability of parts? We'd be doing some sort of tie-up with the OEMs for the genuine 
parts. Or how would that work? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So excellent question. And I think that was one of the key reasons why we made the investment 
in Ki Mobility Solutions, which is part of the TVS Group because Ki Mobility has a legacy or 
existing, very strong spare parts business. And right now, we are integrating that spare parts 
availability or respecting competition law. We make -- we're going to make that spare parts 
availability for our Castrol Auto Services and bike points. So that's why we invested in that 
company because that gave us something that we were missing. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Harsh Maru from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Harsh Maru: 
Sir, my first question is around the volumes. So if you look at the last 3 years, which is first 
quarter of '21, '22 and '23, there was a surge in terms of volume. So Q1 saw about 60.5 million 
liters. Q1 '22 was again about 59 million liters and Q1 of '23 is also about 55 million liters. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
sequentially, do we see some seasonality in the business over here? So if you could throw some 
color on that. Yes. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. I think it's not a question of seasonality. I think if you remember '21, we were coming out 
of the COVID first wave, first wave kind of which started and the country was shut down. And 
I think when we opened up in the beginning of '21, so there was a surge of demand in all services. 
And I think all the companies had very good first quarter in '21. Similarly, last year, again, the 
second wave hit around -- in '21, and then first quarter of '22, we were coming out of that -- the 
softer second half, second wave impact of COVID. 
So, I think I wouldn't call it seasonality. I think the whole environmental situation has been very 
unique over the last 2 years, 3 years. And what I'd like to say is, I think, for these years, you 
should look at the performance on a total year basis. And as a company, we are very satisfied 
the way we've managed. So even if you look at our bottom line profits and Deepesh can talk 
exact numbers. We had a profit -- PBT of about INR700-plus crores in '20. We increased it to 
INR1,020 crores. And despite huge inflationary challenges last year, we delivered a profit of 
INR1,090 crores approximately. 
So, I think we don't read too much into that from a seasonality perspective. I think now the 
situation becoming normal and inflationary pressures easing, like last year -- last quarter, our 
volume was in the range of 48 million liters, 49 million liters and this quarter, we've delivered 
55 million liters. So, we are quite positive on the momentum. By quarter, we shall see some 
seasonality, which comes from the agricultural business. 
Harsh Maru: 
Right. And just one more question. So if I were to -- like if you were to look at the additive costs 
over the last, say, 3 years to 4 years and if you were to put a base of about 100, could you say 
that how the prices have moved, say, in 2020, say, the prices like rose 30% to 130 base. So if 
you could give us some ballpark numbers around the trend in additive costs? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. This is something we are closely monitoring. So, I would say the additive cost, if you say 
2020 and '21, beginning over 100, today, it is almost 150, 160. That's the amount of 
unprecedented rise that we have seen in additives. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is to bring to your notice that the call will conclude in the next 5 
minutes. We'll take the next question from the line of Mohit Mehra from Guardian Capital. 
Mohit Mehra: 
I wanted to know how you guys think about margin because in this quarter, if you look at the 
RM cost per liter, that has come off significantly, but the gross contribution per liter, that is more 
or less flat. So in fact, it is very slightly lower. So should we just stick by that EBITDA margin 
guidance in terms of percentage that you have set? Or do you look at this per liter contribution? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think the -- we do look at per liter contribution. We look at all the lines of P&L. But I think 
as far as overall is, our frame is that we want to be in that range of EBITDA guidance. That's 
how we manage our P&L. I wouldn't like to get into per liter contribution, etcetera. We've shared 
our volume numbers. You can estimate what it is. But our intent is to manage the EBITDA 
margin within a band, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Mohit Mehra: 
Got it. But then, let's say, if crude were to decline to $60 per barrel on an absolute basis, our 
EBITDA in rupee terms, then that could decline, right? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
No. If crude is declined, then we get the benefit because then input costs will decline, base oil 
will decline, therefore, cost of goods decline. But remember, we also want to focus on giving 
the right value to our customers and we want to make sure that we are contributing and investing 
in our band.  
So obviously, it is not a straight flow-through, right? The corresponding is also true, which is 
every time crude keeps going up, you just can't make price increases in the market in every part 
of the segment, right? For example, in retail, it might be easier than doing it in the B2B setup. 
Does that help? 
But as Sandeep said, I think the way we look at our P&L is definitely at a gross profit level, 
clearly, and endeavor is to maintain margin. We don't want to grow and have a disproportionate 
increase. But having said that, because costs are increasing, inflation in India is high, so what 
we are saying is we need a bit of a flex on the EBITDA margin, some elbow room.  
And the range that we try to operate is something between 23% to 25%. So, you will see some 
quarters where it will go to 25%. Some quarters, you will see it going to 23%, 22%. And that 
range and band is what we want to work for because then that helps do the right decisions for 
the business rather than just being reacting in a tactical manner to the increase, decrease in the 
input cost. Therefore, pricing also, we are very strategic. We don't take tactical pricing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shalabh Agarwal from Snowball Capital Investment 
Advisors. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Sir, circling back on my earlier question on the Chinese market, I was more interested in 
knowing about the ICE engine oil demand. How has it been in China last couple of years, given 
the EV penetration? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So, Shalabh, I think it will be wrong for me to comment on China because I'm not very 
close to that business. My focus is making sure that we continue winning with Castrol in India, 
okay? Maybe we can connect offline and we can share something with you. 
Shalabh Agarwal: 
Sure. Sure, sir. And sir, just lastly, for this quarter, again, in the personal mobility, we have 
grown by -- in mid-single digits? Would that be a correct assessment? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, I think for the quarter, I won't share, but we've grown in cars while our 2-wheelers has been 
more flattish, let's say. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Banthia from Girik Capital. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Sir, the other question I had was that, are we targeting the cars in the mass market segment, or 
it will also be catering to the premium segment as well? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
10 May 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, we operate across segments, okay? And thankfully, cars is not a category where a local 
unorganized sector play can happen. So most are very reputed companies and organizations, 
which -- OEMs which get into the car space. And that gives us an opportunity to play across 
segments in the car space. So for example, we have a brand called MAGNATEC, which plays 
on the premium end, and we have a brand called GTX, which plays on the lower end of the 
market. But the endeavor is to service all needs of the car market at different price points and 
different engine specifications, different viscosity specifications. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Got it, sir. And sir, last question. again on the service side. Given you're expanding, so the setup 
cost of the service center is different for a city like Mumbai versus rest of India because of the 
real estate cost and the rent associated with that. So will be our franchise agreement, or it will 
be company owned, company operated? How would that be? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So a very good question. We don't have any company-owned, company-operated sites. And that 
is not the intent. We provide branding support because our brand draws consumers into the 
workshop given the trust that consumers have on Castrol as a brand, and then we provide them 
training support and other support, but it's not an owned asset by the company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf of Castrol 
India Limited, I thank you for joining this call. You may now disconnect your lines. We wish 
you a good day ahead. Thank you. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thank you. 
