Secretarial Section 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: L65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.56/2022-23 
 
 
  27.01.2023 
The Manager, 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street. 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543596 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: TMB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q3 Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings conference call hosted 
by the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited on Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2022, has been made available on the Bank’s website at the 
following link: 
 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q3 Results 
 
We are also attaching the Transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Prakash Chandra Panda      
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PRAKASH 
CHANDRA PANDA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=c31acab385b494090fb214eceef2cb6c0ef39
893bed46a32f86e14823cadd3b5, postalCode=628002, 
ou=SECRETARIAL, o=TAMILNAD MERCANTILE BANK LTD, 
c=IN, cn=PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA 
Date: 2023.01.27 19:21:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Q3 - FY 2022-23 Earnings Conference Call  
 
January 23, 2023 
 
Management   :  
Mr. S. Krishnan, Managing Director & CEO 
Mr. D. Inbamani, General Manager 
Mr. P. Suriaraj, General Manager 
Mr. D. Ramesh, General Manager 
Mr. V. Jayaraman, General Manager 
Mr. S. Narayanan, General Manager 
Mr. P.A. Krishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prakash Chandra Panda, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 
Limited Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. S. Krishnan – Managing Director and 
CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
S. Krishnan: 
Thank you. A very good evening to my friends who are on the concall. At the 
outset, it gives me immense pleasure to share with you the results of the bank 
for the Q3, which was adopted earlier today and the presentations are availa-
ble on the website of the bank and also uploaded on the stock exchanges, but 
nevertheless I will just quickly take you through some of the key parameters. 
I am sure that everyone might have made an analysis of that and I will be 
more interested to have an interaction with you, but still I will take few of the 
points for the calculation of all my friends present here.  
 
When I talk of any company normally I look at how the shareholders’ value 
can be enhanced that is what it is ultimately. So, if you look into it, the bank 
has done extremely well on enhancing the shareholders’ value, be it the net 
worth, be it the book value per share, earnings per share, return on asset 
which is true, which is one of the good in the industry, ROE and the bank 
CET1 reached at 32.85%.  
 
As I said ROE is at 17.14 which is again a good return and every one of you 
know that the bank came out with an IPO in the last quarter in the mid of 
September we got our shares listed in both the stock exchanges and subse-
quent to that there is an increase in shares and share capital increased by 
about ₹15 crore and the rest towards the share premium the bank came out 
with face value of 510 per share. 
 
Now coming back to the performance highlights of the bank for the Q3, the 
CASA has grown by about 10%. The advances have grown by about 9%, 
with deposits the growth is 3% I will touch upon little later. The gross NPA 
has been considerably brought down from what it was a year back by about 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
40% and sequential quarter the gross NPA is maintained at 1.7%, the slip-
pages have been contained to a great extent. The net NPA has been further 
brought down to 0.75% as on 31st of December. Consequently, the provision 
coverage ratio has also gone up to nearly around 90%.  
 
Above all, the net profit has gone up by about 38% year-on-year during the 
Q3, the net profit is ₹280 crore against ₹202 crore a year back. The other in-
teresting thing is NIM, NIM is at 4.5 for the period ended December 22 on an 
annualized basis. The other parameters which normally one looks in the 
banking industry is about asset quality, the slippage ratio as I was telling that 
we could contain the slippage and maintain gross NPA at 1.7. The slippage 
ratio for the quarter ended December is just at 0.19%. The gross NPA is 1.7, 
net NPA at 0.75, the PCR has gone up to around 90% (89.83) in nutshell. 
 
The credit cost which is another important efficiency parameter which will be 
looked into in the banking industry. The credit cost on an annualized basis for 
the period ended December 22 comes to 0.32% and I would like to recollect 
what the guidance I gave last time when I was discussing with you, was it 
will be around 0.5 to 0.75 or so. So, we are able to contain 18.32. The cost of 
funds is almost static. The cost-to-income ratio has been brought down to 
41.93 from 43.16 a year back and the cost of deposits have been maintained 
at the same level of 4.59.  
 
Having said this, I will also touch upon the asset quality though I was telling 
about the NPA as on 31st of December. Let me give you a flavor of how it 
has moved over the period, over the period it has come down substantially 
and the other area is SMA, SMA is one which is another parameter interest-
ing to note and the total SMA of the bank has come down to 8.41% and this 
has come down from 12.42% a quarter back and it was 10.18 a year back. 
Now, within the SMA, if I look into the SMA-2 which is more vulnerable, 
the percentage is only 2.26 which has come down from 2.82. If I look into the 
SMA-2 as at the end of the previous quarter which works out to 985 crore 
and slippage during the current quarter is only 66 crores, indicating that we 
are able to contain the slippages to a greater extent. The stressed assets ratio 
has also been brought down to 3.97 from 5.97 a year back.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Now, I will come to a top line of the deposits when I was talking, I told that 
the deposits though the CASA has increased the deposit was growing at 3.34. 
Let me give further flavor on that. While the savings has increased year-on-
year by about 9.45%, the current account has increased by around 12% more 
accurately around 11.82% and thus the overall CASA has increased by 
10.15%. However, the overall deposit growth is only 3.34 which indicates 
that my term deposits growth is not matched. This is a conscious one that we 
are cost conscious, we were focusing on increasing the CASA, the CASA 
growth has come. Though the CASA per se, in absolute numbers if we look 
into maybe slightly less than the previous quarter, but year-on-year we could 
show a growth of around 10% in CASA and the term deposit when the de-
mand is there, definitely we thought we will increase the price with a cost 
concern very recently about a week or 10 days back ALCO of bank met and 
we have revised the rate of interest hopefully that we will be able to have 
more deposits percent. 
 
As far as the advances is concerned it has grown by about 8.77%, but again 
let me tell that the bank continues to focus on the RAM segment. RAM seg-
ment is one which is more diversified, there is no concentration risk. If I look 
into the mix of the bank, on the advances portfolio, the RAM constitutes 89% 
and the corporate is just 11% which again an increase of about 200 bps over 
the previous quarter, as far as the RAM is concerned.  
 
When I look into the growth in each segment within the RAM, the retail has 
grown by about 16% year-on-year, the agriculture has grown by about 13% 
and the MSME has grown around 7% and thus the overall RAM has grown 
by about 11.3%. So, the focus of the bank, the strategy of the bank to grow 
more in RAM, has resulted with these numbers that we have been able to 
show a reasonable growth in this.  
 
Going forward, we will be concentrating on that, does not mean I am closing 
the roads of the corporates. The corporate would be selective so that the good 
corporate comes up with a good rating and according to our policy we will be 
definitely taking up. As far as the restructured advances are concerned, I have 
a restructured total book of around 896 crores of which 790 crore is the 
standard and 91 crore is the NPAs. There are no concerns on this, much of 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
concerns on this then of course I was last time telling that we have been per-
mitted for expanding our footprint and I am glad to tell that though the per-
mission came within that we have open two branches and we have plans of 
opening around 25 branches before the end of this fiscal that is what we plan.  
 
The digitalization, lot of product processes are in the pipeline, some of them 
we may be able to roll out quickly, some of them maybe in the beginning of 
the next fiscal that is how it is. More particularly, I will be rolling out the Tab 
banking where I can on-board a new customer by opening the account 
through the Tab banking there are people who want to be our customer they 
need not take the pains of visiting the branch. My relationship manager will 
be going there and completing all the process. It is almost in advance stage 
today I just received the IS audit report certificate clearance and I will be roll-
ing out that very shortly. 
 
Besides that, the bank has also entered into strategic alliances during this 
quarter with insurance companies namely Bajaj Allianz, Kotak, Chola and 
Max Life. Hope that these strategic alliances will also 1) Provide better and 
more products to my customers who can utilize the same. 2) It will also bring 
me more non-interest income. So, going forward with the strength the bank 
continues to show a strong bottom line with good growth. We will continue 
to do that. I will stop here for the DBT and we will be ready to interact with 
you. Along with me I have my CFO, Mr. P.A.Krishnan. So, we are ready to 
discuss it with you now over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Joshi from 
Unifi Capital. Kindly proceed. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
My question is on the corporate book sir we have actually seen a decline of 
almost 20% sequential on the corporate books, can you just explain what led 
to this decline in this quarter? 
S. Krishnan: 
Basically, this quarter it is not that specific one. In fact last quarter we had 
some advances which was matured on the due date, that has been paid other-
wise not this one. As I said we will be taking a good corporate credit as and 
when we get a good one. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Sandeep Joshi: 
I think I just missed you in between so you mentioned that few of the corpo-
rates have got matured and going ahead, you want to actually focus upon 
good quality of corporates, is that a fair understanding what you were trying 
to communicate? 
S. Krishnan: 
Yeah it is a fair understanding this is in the normal course the loan got ma-
tured and it was closed and the first one, we will be taking any good corpo-
rates. We are with open mind we will be taking up as I was giving in my ini-
tial brief that the bank will continue to focus on the RAM segment, but at the 
same time corporate will be picking up good quality corporates. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Basically actually you are not comfortable with the corporates who got ma-
tured? 
S. Krishnan: 
No, we were comfortable. If there is a need definitely. We were very com-
fortable with the corporates and as and when required that corporate will be 
taking from us only. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
The thing is that the delay in corporate is actually taking down your overall 
credit growth, so if you look at the sequential number on overall basis it was 
just a flattish growth on a sequential basis, so that kind of been slightly dis-
appointing compared to where the industry is currently running at. It is al-
most running at 15% and we are just half of it and there is almost no sequen-
tial growth, so going ahead I mean sequentially what are the growth areas in 
which you want to grow because even if I see your MSME book even that 
has not grown if you compared even on a YTD basis, so basically that is your 
target segment which is almost 37% of book, so I just want to understand 
which are the focus areas in which you want to grow and what kind of loan 
growth you are targeting for financial year 23 and 24? 
S. Krishnan: 
See I will be focusing as I said on the RAM segment when you look into 
growth in my RAM segment, it is overall around 11%. As you pointed out 
the MSME growth is not very high when I compare with growth what I have 
in the retail or agriculture which is about 15%, 16% or 13% this is 7% and 
you know that the bank is predominantly in the southern part and as far as 
MSME’s are concerned, most of the MSME are picking up in their ones. So, 
we are with them and our focus will be on increasing the MSME going for-

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
ward. The guidance for 23-24 will be we may be around 12% growth in the 
overall advances book.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
And sir for financial year 23? 
S. Krishnan: 
Financial year 23 I may be around 10% overall.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
My next question is actually on the margins sir last quarter we had guided 
that we were actually yet to take a call whether to pass on rate hikes in the in-
terest rates. We mentioned that we will decide later in one of our meetings in 
this quarter. I am not witnessing any improvement in yield, so have you 
passed on any yields or are we planning to pass on anything to the custom-
ers? 
S. Krishnan: 
Let me tell that we have passed on some of the rate increase. It is not that we 
have not done. We have passed on. Of course, as I was telling last time also, 
as far as the repo passing on is concerned, there is a time lag of around 3 
months that is how it is, but we have passed on some of them, but we have al-
so rejigged within the RAM segment some of the portfolio like we are focus-
ing more on the gold and jewel loans or the home loan, where which was 
more secured where the delinquency is much less and naturally the yield will 
be less in that, that is how when I go for rejigging within the RAM segments, 
some of the products the yield on advances have come down sequentially I 
think it has come down by about 3 bps not much.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir earlier you used to guide margins in the range of 4% to 4.25% I mean in 
the first 9 months we are already running at around 4.5%, so do you want to 
revise our guidance on margins or do we stick to our old guidance? 
S. Krishnan: 
Last time also I said having a NIM of 4.5 or 4.47 what I had last quarter is 
real challenge maintaining that is a real challenge. However, even Q3 we 
were able to face the challenge and we have slightly improved also, but again 
I maintain that, maintaining the 4.5 is difficult. Definitely the NIM will be 4 
plus that is what I say, on a conservative basis, but we will be striving hard to 
see that we are able to maintain.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Sandeep Joshi: 
So as and when the book starts growing I mean a loan (CASA) growth may 
not be only when PD start increasing your margins will revert back to those 
4.2, 4.3 levels? 
S. Krishnan: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir my next question is actually on the OPEX so if you look at the other 
OPEX that has actually increased in the single quarter from almost 116 crores 
to 138 crores, what led to that increase? 
S. Krishnan: 
I will ask the department to give you the breakup. The instructor will coordi-
nate and will give you the details.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir the next question is on the normalized kind of return ratios which you are 
targeting, do we have any target for return ratio in terms of ROA and ROE 
for financial year 24? 
S. Krishnan: 
See today I have a ROA of 2 as on December that is what I have and what 
guidance we gave was when earlier we gave the guidance that we will be 
around definitely maintain about 1.5 and we have demonstrated that much 
above that and so it will be hovering around this say 1.75 to little above that, 
that is how it will be.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
About 1.75? 
S. Krishnan: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajkon 
Global. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir my question is also based on now from here where. Because being too 
much conservative also and only looking for the RAM growth also will hit 
our profitability in future because we will not be able to reach the level at 
which the bank should go after having performed so very well, so number 
one is that what is stopping us in taking a plunge into the entire I mean what-
ever the industry is feeling like SME loans, some of the corporate, good loan 
account, some onward lending through NBFCs I mean this kind of conserva-

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
tive policy has been fixed by the board or you do not want to go very aggres-
sively on this front? 
S. Krishnan: 
It is neither Mr. Ashok you know what is stopping me, but at the same time, 
the bank has been focusing on the RAM and that is basically you will see of 
the bank that is the strength where we have and having said that, there are lot 
of total transformation is going on where definitely as you suggest, that we 
will be here with open mind both myself and also the board are open and we 
will be taking up good exposures and we will be taking up the exposures 
which we understand, which is commensurate to our size, like that we have 
been discussing. In fact today also we had a discussion and the board is very 
open and I am also in line, that we are for taking up good exposure. As you 
rightly observed, we have to look into other avenues, we will be looking into 
other avenues. Hopefully that in the days to come it will demonstrate better 
than talking.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Because I feel that our base being small, we can look at some of the bank, we 
can observe there like especially I would give you example of Bank of Maha-
rashtra that was also very comparatively smaller bank and then the way they 
have picked up and as solidly picked up, it is not that they have taken any 
major risk or anything? 
S. Krishnan: 
Not at all. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And there was a time when the growth was 26% now has tapered down to 
22.5%, but still doing well, so if you can put up a team to work out on that 
you are the strong bank as of today even though the numbers may be less as 
per your size whatever, but there is an inherent strength in the bank today, 
your NIM is more than 4.4, 4.5 instead of lower no one can compare with 
that, so that kind of strongness you already have, so you can now prepare a 
roadmap for the bank to taking it to the next level? 
S. Krishnan: 
That is the reason Mr. Ashok I was telling when I was talking earlier to the 
earlier gentlemen also, that maintaining the NIM of 4.5 will be challenge 
when I go further. So, we have already reached that and nothing wrong in 
slightly coming down from 4.5 the increase in the numbers. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes there is nothing wrong as long as you see most of the other peer banks 
even a bank like Canara Bank is less than 3 if you talk about bigger banks 
and some of the other good banks also 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, but provided you grow 
also faster, which will ultimately increase your bottom line and which will 
help the shareholders creating the value for them. Second is sir on the tech-
nology and recovery front. I may not have actually heard because there was 
other bank also so I was not present here when you were giving initial re-
marks. 
S. Krishnan: 
I will just tell on the technology front I was telling that we have taken lot of 
projects on digitalization. One such is TAB banking where I will be able to 
on board a new customer seamlessly, we will be rolling out very shortly just 
save the IS Audit clearance, when I was sitting on the board today, it has 
come. So, I will be rolling that out, very shortly this will enable me to 
onboard the customer very quickly, seamlessly at a very, very low cost. To-
day, on boarding a customer with the brick and mortar is very costly through 
this I will be saving a lot of cost which will ultimately help me, to acquire 
more customers, customers will have a good experience on becoming the cus-
tomer of the bank and second, is that my cost will bring down. Similarly, I 
am also embarking upon lot of digitalization of the processes, particularly on 
digital lending end-to-end where work is in process, while some of the digital 
products will be completed before end of fiscal, some maybe spill over to the 
next quarter. There is the second phase of my mobile banking with additional 
features and services to my customers which will be rolled out again very 
shortly that is also ready for rolling over the UAT and other things were 
completed which we will be doing that. We are also going to have a total 
facelift for my internet site, where the customers experience will be very 
good, they will have a good experience and feel, while they come to my web-
site. So, that work is also in the advanced stage which again may be rolled 
out before the end of this fiscal. So, both on liability side and asset side and 
also the other services where digitalization is in full swing that is as far as the 
IT is concerned. As far as the recovery is concerned, the recovery is in fact 
fully geared up I should say we can see from the numbers that I could contain 
the slippage. My slippage ratio if you look into is one of the lowest and the 
recovery of NPA also if you look into, we are able to make good recovery. 
The overall stressed assets if you look into, even the SMA, SMA has been 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
brought down considerably to 8.41% and out of that, the SMA-2 is just 
2.26%. So, this 8.41 was a year back at 10.18 and sequential quarter it was 
12.42. All this reflects the enhanced recovery efficiency, collection efficiency 
that is what as far as the recovery is concerned.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
So many things are happening I think I am not exactly aware of your portfo-
lio, but in this coming quarter like the January-March quarter, do you expect 
some extraordinary amount of recovery from some of these resolutions, some 
of this NCLT or some of the OTS? 
S. Krishnan: 
I do not have much of that which you say even this quarter some of the banks 
in the beginning they got some, but I do not have such expectation. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
That is one way good also, because they became best you were not affected? 
S Krishnan: 
It is good.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Sukhwani from 
Indvest Group. Kindly proceed. 
Kunal Sukhwani: 
My question is on the SMA bit only sir. We have done very good work bring-
ing that number from 13.7 to around 8.4, but is there any guidance wherein 
we want to bring the number down to where we will be comfortable because 
8.4 is fairly comparatively higher compared to other banks that would be my 
first question? 
S Krishnan: 
Your voice is not very clear can you repeat which parameter you are refer-
ring? 
Moderator: 
Seems like the participant’s line got disconnected. We are moving on to the 
next question is from the line of Sandeep Joshi from Unifi Capital. Kindly 
proceed. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir my question was again on the corporate book. This quarter we have wit-
nessed some mature in the corporate book, are there accounts who are head-
ing towards maturity if yes what is the quantum? 
S Krishnan: 
Not big.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Secondly just a data keeping question what was the impact on margins from 
our IPO proceeds? 
S Krishnan: 
See I am not able to clearly understand that your voice is also not very clear. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Just a policy related question, do we have a policy wherein your variable pay 
is actually linked to amount of a new business senior management or a mid-
dle level employee or employees are getting, do we have a policy in place for 
this? 
S Krishnan: 
We have just started that for the employees down the line, for this and the 
new recruits are being linked to that. The existing employees are governed by 
the industry level settlement and the new recruits which we have recruited 
about a year or two back for this we have brought in the variable pay, linking 
it to the businesses. We are also working for bringing the others into that.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
As of now, what proportion of your employees are actually linked to this var-
iable pay? 
S Krishnan: 
Very less.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
And this variable pay is this a fixed variable pay or this will be completely 
based on the new business they will get? 
S Krishnan: 
I missed it completely what is your question. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir I am asking the variable pay, is the variable pay fixed in terms of 8% or 
10% or is it completely dependent upon the new business they are getting? 
S Krishnan: 
No, a portion of that, a percentage of the total pay is linked to a variable.  
Sandeep Joshi: 
And this is across senior management, middle level management and em-
ployees? 
S Krishnan: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Joshi: 
Sir, what mandate we have got from the board in terms of loan growth, is it 
same in the range of 10% to 12% for this and next financial year or this is just 
the base case assumption? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
S Krishnan: 
No, it is almost on the same line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Sukhwani from 
Indvest Group. Kindly proceed. 
Kunal Sukhwani: 
My question was on SMA. As in we have done very good work to reduce the 
SMA from 13.7 to 8.4, but it is still higher compared to other banks, so any 
kind of guidance where we want to bring this SMA number down to from 8.4 
and where we will be comfortable at that is my first question? 
S Krishnan: 
See one observation that this number 8.41 though has been brought down 
compared to other banks it is still higher. I will only say that my book mix if 
you look into I have a RAM of 89%. Normally the SMAs will be high in that, 
but in spite of that though I have 89% of my book as RAM, I could bring 
down to 8.41 and even within the SMA the SMA-2 is 2.26 and even within 
the SMA-2, what is the slippage against 985 crore of SMA-2 as on the previ-
ous quarter and my slippage during the quarter is only 66 crores all this apart, 
where I will be able to ideally I may be able to bring down around 8 in the 
near term.  
Kunal Sukhwani: 
Sir my next question on our MSME book so basically I wanted to get some 
color on the book how is it in terms of manufacturing or service or can you 
give us some industry exposure wherein our MSME book has more exposure 
towards which industry? 
S Krishnan: 
I can give those details I will ask my people to be in touch with you and give 
those industry wise exposure where do I have more exposures and I have all 
the service I also have on the manufacturing. So, I will ask my people to send 
you the details.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Company. Kindly proceed.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly when we look at your NIM and the ROI what are the sustainable 
numbers going ahead with the type of expansion we are contemplating in 
terms of the credit growth advances, what is the sustainable number that we 
can pursue in for say two to three years down the line? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
S Krishnan: 
NIM and ROA you are asking. As far as ROA is concerned, today I am at 2 I 
was telling that going forward I will be able to maintain may be 1.75 to 2 or 
2.25 that is the range at which we will be expecting to do that. The NIM will 
continue to be at this stage, with improvement if you look at into the NIM to-
day NIM has gone up substantially. So, we will be able to maintain this type 
of NIM in the years to come. The NIM there will be a little challenge when I 
say the NIM I should also honestly admit that there will be a challenge on the 
NIM maintaining the NIM of 4.5 will be a little difficult when I will grow 
further which I have explained to the other participants who were asking the 
question I said that my NIM will be above 4 plus that will be the same vari-
ance which I see last quarter same thing I said that it will be difficult so there-
fore we have been able to not only maintain marginally increase that also. So, 
we will be able to do that.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir if you could give some more granular understanding I mean taking into 
account the size of the business the bank is conducting and its geographical 
presence mainly I think more concentrating in the Southern part how are this 
4% NIM I think so these are the best industry averages absolute numbers may 
look different because of the size of the bank, but if we go for any compari-
son, 4% NIMs are we are not an NBFC or like that where we can command 
and you can guide for 4% even going ahead.  
S Krishnan: 
Absolutely right that is what I said that 4.5 maintaining will be a challenge, 
but anyhow we will be definitely above 4 when I grow. Now what I plan is 
that though today I am predominantly at Tamil Nadu I also have plans of ex-
panding my wings and I was just giving in my one earlier that I will be open-
ing more branches very shortly we have my first footprint in the North East-
ern part of the country likewise the other states also I will be expanding. So, 
maintaining this 4.5 will be a little challenge. However, the efforts will be 
made to offset whatever it is or by way of mobilizing more CASA, bringing 
down my cost of deposits, thereby I will be able to do and hope that I have 
that NIM of above 4 that should be a good number.  
Saket Kapoor: 
So that is what you are appraising us for going ahead. Sir if we take the in-
creased cost of funds because of this repo rate increase gradual increase by 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
RBI, so what percentage of our loans are repriced and are around floating rate 
and how what percentage are on fixed basis if you could provide us? 
S Krishnan: 
Okay if you talk of fixed rate and floating rate, most of my loans are under 
floating rate, but again within the floating rate, I can divide into two catego-
ries. One is linked to the MCLR, one is linked to the repo rate. Now the repo 
rate, the passing on, we have a lag of around 3 months, so that is how it oper-
ates and again you are telling that we are not a NBFC maintaining this NIM, 
the market conditions will also be looked into and that is how in fact we re-
vised passed on some of the increase and some we absorbed. So, around 40% 
of my loan book should be linked to the repo rate. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir when I look at your presentation firstly it is a very elaborate and lot of 
work has gone into it thank you for the team for giving such a vivid presenta-
tion sir. When we look at your PCR ratio currently closure to 90%, what does 
this indicates to us when there is only strong possibility of now getting these 
NPAs are even going to be lower going ahead since we are at closer to 90% 
what does this number signifies for us? 
S Krishnan: 
This number signifies what is the amount of cushion that I have to fall upon 
against my NPA whatever is there I have around 90% as the provision. So, in 
case of any shock this is a good shock absorber it clearly indicates that the 
bank will be able to do. Now, your another question is going forward how it 
will be I have to only explain that, going forward with these provisions, the 
overall balance sheet will be strong and the way we are able to have efficien-
cy in the recovery and containing the slippages, I do not foresee much of in-
crease in the NPAs and these provisions will be helping a lot. For your in-
formation in fact during this current quarter we front loaded some of the pro-
visions, which has also gone a long way in increasing this provision coverage 
ratio and also bringing down the net NPA. Ultimately, these are the strong 
points of the balance sheet where the bank is now.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Couple of two, three points once again sir then we are a very well-funded 
organization and going ahead we are not looking for raising any capital or 
because of now our footprint increasing, what is our capital raising program 
if any, going ahead? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
S Krishnan: 
No, we do not have plans of raising any capital in the near future. Because, if 
you look into my capital adequacy, the capital adequacy is much above what 
is required. It is more than 24%, of which around 22% plus itself is CET1. 
So, I am well capitalized and I have to tell that very recently we came out 
with IPO and raised the funds, procured somewhere around 810 crores. I will 
not be requiring the capital in the near future.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Just to pose a point for the IPO when we priced our IPO at around 510, 515 
level how did we come to that number taking into account I think our book 
value is around 430. So going ahead how should investors value the type of 
business where we are specialized going ahead, how should market price in 
the valuation because I think so the interest there is a lot of interest in the 
banking sector as a whole, but when we look at TMB as a beginner, if I can 
say in the listing space, there is lot of steps needed to create that awareness 
going ahead in the investing fraternity? 
S Krishnan: 
Thank you in fact answer for this I was expecting from you being an analyst. 
You are specialized in that, but still if we tell that these are market driven 
how the price was fixed based on the market conditions just in time and go-
ing forward, the market will be definitely realizing the performance as you 
said and I expect more PB ratio for my stock. 
Saket Kapoor: 
My suggestion was sir if we could have going ahead if we could engage an 
IR team so that the estimation of information or your interaction with the in-
vesting community, that would have provided suffice more further interac-
tion, not keeping everything closer keeping it with the banking people, en-
gaging the right set of people will create the right output and create value cre-
ation going ahead? 
S Krishnan: 
I fully recognize what you said we will be definitely engaging our self and I 
myself plan to come to Mumbai and meet you all at regular intervals hope to 
meet you soon. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I was looking for particularly IR team if you engage? 
S Krishnan: 
I will be engaging them. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Coming to the CASA part when I look at your presentation we have seen a 
degrowth I can say you can correct me there in your CASA what is going to 
be the trajectory going ahead? 
S Krishnan: 
Degrowth in sequential quarter you might have seen a marginal degrowth. I 
will not say much for your bank of the size it is a marginal degrowth of say 
100 crores or something it is not a very big one, but if you look year-on-year 
the year-on-year the CASA has grown by about 10% while the current alone 
has grown around 12%. So, this is a temporary phenomena what has hap-
pened maybe a small degrowth as on 31st of December. I expect that my 
CASA will be definitely growing at the same pace of more than 10% on year-
on-year basis. We have given lot of thrust, we have taken lot of initiatives on 
the digital front to enable the customers to have a ease of banking with us, 
which will definitely by acquiring new customers and also we are enhancing 
our CRM, customer relationship management module, which will also enable 
me to have more engagement with the customer, which will ultimately bring 
more CASA. So going forward I expect a good growth.  
Saket Kapoor: 
What we are observing in the new age bank or the technologically driven 
banking system is the engagement with Fintech companies where the acquisi-
tion of liability franchise is also cost effective and you can easily generate 
more business, so what are the type of technological advancement or en-
gagement with Fintech company the bank is looking to grow its business go-
ing ahead? 
S Krishnan: 
We also have engagement with the Fintechs rather in the recent times we 
have been having a lot of dialogues with many Fintechs. As I said the addi-
tional products for customer acquisition earlier also someone was asking I 
said that TAB banking which has been just cleared. I will be rolling out very 
shortly. The TAB banking is again has been developed with the help of peo-
ple like this and my customer relationship manager will be at the door steps 
of the customer they did not take the pains of coming here or going there, 
through the TAB, in few minutes a regular account can be opened that is 
seamlessly. So, these types of things we are engaging with the Fintech. We 
also have plans of utilizing the corporate BCs who have been trained and the 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
process is going on with latest technology, which will enable me for taking 
lot of new businesses both on a liability and also the lead on the asset side.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Lastly sir what are the key verticals where we are still not adequately present 
and new initiatives would be taken by the bank to have its presence in those 
avenues where are we working wherein we can improve our presence and 
thereby the business profile going ahead? 
S Krishnan: 
No, if you ask a vertical in fact I am present, but where I am focusing today 
on the vertical is on the digitalization of various products and services and al-
so the process. In fact, I am working on end-to-end digital lending, which 
will enable me to enhance to get more business. So, all the digitalization is 
the focus for me. I was telling someone that, the aim is that the bank should 
be made as a most preferred digital bank.  
Saket Kapoor: 
In continuation to that how are you making use of technology in early warn-
ing system EWS or artificial intelligence that will help you detect the stress in 
the system at a faster? 
S Krishnan: 
When I said digitalization of the products and services which also includes 
today I have early warning system which is able to throw the alerts to me and 
the enhancement that’s what I said, a whole lot of digital transformation has 
been embarked upon on different areas, on the different products, processes 
and services. When I say processes that includes various processes like EWS 
which is very important. We are also discussing on deploying AI maybe it 
will take little more time for us to come to that stage.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir when I look at the line-item interest on balance with Reserve Bank and 
the interest received. That has gone down if we compare on a year-on-year 
basis from 21 crore to 5.25 crore, so what explains this number and also the 
employee cost year-on-year is down. So for the year as a whole what should 
be presented in as the employee cost? 
S Krishnan: 
No, as far as the employee cost is concerned it might have gone down be-
cause you know that the actual valuation based on duration, based on the in-
vestments what we have, when we get as a thumb rule, when we have a ad-
verse M2M in the securities book, the position for my employees benefit will 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
be a beneficial one that is a thumb rule. So, accordingly the requirements 
based on the actual requirements whatever is required has been done, might 
have come down in that, that is the reason why employee cost come down ra-
ther I have provided something envisaging the revision in the wages though 
nothing has started, but I have started providing for that, that is how it is. As 
far as the interest on the RBI is concerned I will request CFO to give details.  
P.A. Krishnan: 
Earlier we were keeping some amount on repo and call. Now it is deployed in 
the investment. So, the interest on investment has come up so it is neutralized 
there.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir I did not get you come again. 
P.A. Krishnan: 
Interest on investment it has gone up.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Income on investment has gone up. 
P.A. Krishnan: 
Interest income on investment. 
S. Krishnan: 
That is basically mentioned as income on investment it is interest income on 
investment.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Clubbing part is different the income has been clubbed under income on in-
vestment. 
P. A. Krishnan: 
Yes correct.  
Saket Kapoor: 
On a concluding part if you could give us some understanding what kind of 
growth are we envisaging for a bank in the coming two years if you could 
give an outline to us? 
S. Krishnan: 
Coming two years I will give, but immediate one in short and medium term I 
can say that my guidance will be growth of loan book by about 10% to 12%.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Our advances will grow by 10%, 12%? 
S. Krishnan: 
12% yes. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the cost of deposit also will definitely be going up because of the rising 
interest rate? 
S. Krishnan: 
I said about the advances as of the cost of deposit is concerned it will margin-
ally go up, but may not be to a greater extent.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajkon 
Global. Kindly proceed. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir the points were very good. Our bank needs now after doing a good work a 
lot of visibility is required and you are being a limited bank now should look 
for a PAN India kind of a bank and my rather point of information or ques-
tion how are we expanding our administrative and controlling disbursement 
recovery reach like even in Mumbai itself sir you do not have any kind of of-
fice in the main city either at Nariman Point or BKC somewhere the people 
can come and interact, you have a new Bombay even your own regional of-
fice which should be somewhere in the center of Mumbai city this is number 
one. Number two is other places also is there any plan like going to big way 
into PAN India that takes the bank to the next level? 
S Krishnan: 
As far as your question I can break it into two or three parts. One is extending 
my network as far as expanding the network is concerned we very shortly 
will be opening a branch in the North Eastern part of the country and also 
something on the Eastern and spread across all the North West, that we will 
be expanding the branches. As far as administrative office was particularly 
Mumbai what you asked today Navi Mumbai is again I will not say upcom-
ing it has already come up. So that is one of the important thing much of hap-
penings are taking place rather people have shifted from Fort, Nariman Point 
to BKC maybe days to come they will be. Nevertheless in today date as you 
said about one-to-one meeting or anything we are enabling for the digital 
whereby I want to bring down the TAT and enhance more of the digital meet-
ings with the customers where we can have. That is what I mostly want so 
that the place where we have offices is immaterial, but I will be able to inter-
act with the customers the regional mangers or whosoever it is will be able to 
interact with the customers and the paper should move digitally and should 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
January 23, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
be disposed off quickly that is how we are doing that. I hope that in the digi-
tal world that should not be a problem.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
S Krishnan: 
Thank you. I thank all the participants for having spared their time to interact 
with me and my officials. As I was telling you that I will be eagerly looking 
to meet you all also we will be having and definitely with all your support we 
will be able to again perform well in the quarters to come. Once again thank 
you very much for joining the call. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited that concludes 
this conference.  
