V alicon 
Casting the Future 
  
February 23, 2023 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on 
13 February 2023, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2022. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company. 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
VEENA __ Digitally signed 
by VEENA 
TUSHAR _. 
TUSHAR VAIDYA 
Date: 2023.02.23 
VAIDYA 
11:47:07 +05'30" 
Veena Vaidya 
Company Secretary 
Alicon Castalloy Ltd., 
Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur, 
T: +91 21 3767 7100 
www.alicongroup.co.in 
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune — 412 208, Maharashtra — India 
F: +91 21 3767 7130 
CIN 
: L99999PN1990PLC059487

Yalicon 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 13, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of 
Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal 
an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Alicon 
Castalloy Limited's Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us on the 
call today; Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Veerababu, Group COO; Mr. Shyam 
Agarwal: Chief Marketing Officer at Alicon Castalloy; Mr. Andreas Heim: Managing 
Director of Illichmann Castalloy; and Mr. Rajiv Gupta: Head of Domestic Business of 
Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
Mr. Vimal Gupta: will cover the financial performance for the quarter, following 
which Mr. Agarwal will walk us through the operating highlights, in order to share 
the developments in both the global and domestic markets, Mr. Andreas Heim: and 
Mr. Rajiv Gupta: will provide insights on these areas. Following the comments from 
the team, our group COO, Mr. Veera Babu, will give us 
a brief summary of the 
quarter gone by and encapsulate the strategic imperatives. Thereafter, we shall 
open the call for the Q&A session. 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Before we begin, 
| would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of you 
earlier. 
| would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon to all our investors. Thank you for taking the time out to join our 
earnings call. 
| trust that all of you have had 
a chance to review our earnings 
documents, which were shared last Friday. We are delighted to share a strong set 
of results for the third quarter of financial year 2022-'23. 
As we have indicated earlier, 2018-'19 was the best year in the last few years for 
the global auto industry. Thereafter, it was besieged by multiple challenges, as well 
as transition to EVs. Our assessment is that the domestic industry has reached a 
performance level of approximately 83% in the first 9 months of financial year 2023 
of a level set in 2018-'19, while the international auto industry is at about 87% level 
in calendar 2022. 
At Alicon, our revenue performance in the 9 months for the financial year 2023 is 
under 24% of the benchmark that we had set in 2018-'19, clearly showcasing a 
different trajectory of performance when compared to global and domestic auto 
industry. 
This outperformance can be attributed to our transformation initiatives built up on 
our 5-pillar strategy. These include sustained: 
e 
Focus on traditional ICE business 
e 
Addressing the opportunities from carbon neutral technology, including 
battery electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles, 
fuel cell and hydrogen cell technologies 
e 
Opportunity from 
structural 
parts 
or technology-agnostic 
parts, which 
remain consistent, no matter which fuel technology is used to power the 
vehicle 
 

e 
Nonauto 
business 
encompassing 
opportunities 
from 
sectors 
such 
as 
defense, energy, telecom to name a few, where our competencies can be 
leveraged 
e 
Enhanced 
customer 
wallet 
shared 
through 
value-add 
and 
combining 
products to offer customer one-stop solution 
The traction in the current performance can be attributed to the implementation 
of this growth strategy. We have invested a significant effort in transforming our 
business model to emerge as a more agile and diversified entity capitalizing on our 
core strengths. 
Our global teams have been engaging customers 
in deeper conversations 
to 
leverage 
capabilities 
around 
design, 
research 
& 
development 
and 
value 
engineering, while our track record validates the strength of our processes as well 
as our reliability as a supplier. This is vindicated by the sustained rise in our order 
backlog and addition of marquee logos to our customer set. 
In that backdrop, 
| will run through the highlights of our financial performance for 
Q3 FY23 year-on-year are: Revenues at Rs. 362 crores, which is higher by 29% year- 
on-year basis, EBITDA at Rs. 42.4 crores that is higher by 25% and post-tax profit of 
Rs. 15.6 crores, that is also higher by 28%. Our EBITDA margin in Q3 FY23 stood at 
11.7% versus 12.1% in Q3 FY22. 
The highlights of our financial performance for the 9 months ending December 
2022, against the 
9 months period ending December 2021 are: Revenues 
at 
Rs. 1,084 crores higher by 43% year-on-year basis, the EBITDA at Rs. 124 crores, 
higher by 61%, and post-tax profit at Rs. 42 crores, that is higher by 280% year-on- 
year basis. Our EBITDA margins for the 9 months ending December 2022 stood at 
11.4% against 10.1% in the 9-month period ending December 2021. 
The Q3 FY23 revenues are marginally lower than Q2 FY23 during which we posted 
total income of Rs. 378 crores. This was mainly due to higher volumes at OEMs to 
cater the festive season, demand 
in domestic volumes 
in Q2 FY23. 
In Q3 FY23, 
planned annual shutdown 
in domestic market and holiday seasons for overseas 
customers 
in end December led to the gap. As the transit shipping times have 
reduced post the impact of pandemic, overseas customers volumes have also 
 

started to reduce the higher inventory level maintained earlier when shipping times 
were disrupted. 
During the quarter, we also witnessed some cooling off in the input prices, but these 
remain substantially higher than the corresponding period last year. While most of 
the input prices are a pass through for us, there is some time lag in getting the price 
adjusted for these increases. Some elements of pass-through impact from prior 
quarters, combined with the improved product mix have helped 
us to largely 
protect our gross margins, despite the sharp rise in metal prices on year-on-year 
basis. 
In line with our strategy, the share of business from Passenger Vehicle, Commercial 
Vehicle, export, and carbon neutral technologies has grown enabling 
a 
richer 
product mix, also the focus on machined parts has enabled us to realize better 
margins. The initial benefit from this approach has added to the momentum this 
quarter. 
We will look at the split of the fresh orders received during the first 9 months of 
financial year 2023, in terms of 5 pillars. EV represents 56%, ICE represents 28%, 
Structural 8% and Nonauto 8%. This is with the big order win of JLR eAxle in EV 
segment in Q2 FY23. This is in line with our strategy of higher share of business from 
EV and 4W. From the perspective of market segment in 9 months, the order book 
is represented by 4W at 89% and Nonauto is 8% and 2W is 3%. 
While our endeavour to improve margins through rebalancing product mix 
is 
bearing 
fruit, 
we 
continue 
to 
face 
challenges. 
While 
we 
had 
shortlisted 
a 
‘6C Framework’ with the new challenge of 
a recessionary environment is emerging, 
we have now categorized the challenges facing us internally as the ‘7C Framework’ 
- COVID impact, the Chip shortages issues, Cost of new product & development, the 
Conflict between 
Russia 
& Ukraine, global Cost-based 
inflation, supply Chain 
challenges as well as the Challenge from the recessionary environment. 
Kaizen principle-based initiatives that we have adopted have helped us bring in 
optimization across all methods of our business model right from the inventory 
management, employee expenses to power cost optimization, among others. We 
 

Shyam Agarwal: 
have seen a notable reduction in fixed expenses as well as streamlining of overhead 
due to these initiatives. 
The improvement in EBITDA levels are indicative of the element of enhanced value 
addition and enriched product mix. As we have shared earlier, our 3 to 4 years 
target is to improve EBITDA margin to a level of 14% to 15% on the back of growth 
initiatives combined with cost efficiency measures. 
On the capex front, we have deployed Rs. 27 crores during the quarter and have 
deployed a total of Rs. 66 crores during the 9-month period. This is in line with our 
plan 
to deploy around 
Rs. 
90 
crores 
in 
financial 
year 2023, 
which 
includes 
maintenance capex and new machining capacities. In Q3 FY23, our plants in India 
and Europe operated at a utilization level of 65% to 70%. 
To summarize, we are continuing on the positive momentum and are confident of 
delivering better financial and operational performance during financial year 2023. 
Our focus continues to be on improving margins, return ratios and streamlining our 
working capital cycle. We are confident of delivering stronger and sustained growth 
in the quarter ahead. 
On that note, 
| would now like to hand over to Mr. Shyam Agarwal, who will talk 
about operating highlights for the quarter. 
Thank you, 
Mr. Vimal. Greetings to 
all 
of you. The domestic auto sector saw 
improved volumes during the quarter, with growth of 5% on Y-o-Y basis. And within 
this, Passenger Vehicles grew 21% on Y-o-Y basis. Commercial vehicle grew 12% on 
Y-o-Y basis. The improved growth was driven by the pent-up demand, improved 
availability of semiconductor, new product development and in case of Commercial 
Vehicles and Heavy Vehicles factors such as increased infrastructure spending, 
mining activities, logistics growth and assumptions of offices and schools added to 
the demand. 
Two-wheeler volumes were flattish on a Y-o-Y basis. There has been impact on the 
domestic two-wheeler market due to the introduction 
of Onboard Diagnostic 
Norms (OBD) by the Government which are scheduled to take effect from 1st April 
 

2023. Due to this, OEMs have slightly moderated their production schedule as they 
are implementing the changeover. 
International trade had improved 
as global customers were able 
to adapt 
to 
challenges such as limited semiconductor availability and supply chain realignment. 
We have seen positive growth numbers from Japan, US, as well as parts of Asia. 
Europe remains under pressure due 
to higher energy 
prices and the volatile 
economic conditions over the last nine months. 
Further, with some of our global customers, we have seen that reduced transit 
times have led to slight build-up inventory. Hence, we believe the immediate term 
demand from our international business will be slightly softer than was earlier 
anticipated. For the ensuing financial year, we have seen contribution from the new 
part and orders added over the 
last 
2 to 
3 years have entered SOP and will 
contribute to incremental revenue. The sharpening of focus for us with greater 
emphasis on value addition will enable us to drive this growth. 
In the Auto business, we are seeking critical parts like 4-wheeler Cylinder Heads and 
to underline our commitment, we came up with automation 
cell 
to drive the 
differentiation in our offering. We had automated one line of 4-wheeler Cylinder 
Head for a global customer. Further, our portfolio has increased with the addition 
of two large domestic customers for 4-wheeler Cylinder Heads. 
In Carbon neutral technology, our focus 
is on Passenger Vehicles, Commercial 
Vehicles, and export opportunities as we see a greater scope for value addition in 
these areas. We have already built up our portfolio of over 94 parts catering to EV 
and are progressing well on our target for scaling up revenues from Carbon Neutral 
technologies. 
While we have shared that on initial target, which is to bring our wallet share for 
carbon neutral technologies to 25% of our overall revenue by financial year 2025- 
26. Based on the order received, we are on track to achieve 20% to 22% from carbon 
neutral technology by financial year 2025-'26. 
There are certain ongoing discussions with global customers, which hold potential 
to drive these targets higher. To achieve the share of carbon neutral revenues, our 
 

Andreas Heim: 
teams are working on executing the orders from Tata Motors and DANA in the 
domestic businesses. We also have continued traction 
in our project with JLR, 
Danfoss, Scania, Rimac and Bosch in the international business. 
On that note, 
| would like now to hand it over to Mr. Andreas Heim to throw light 
on the global business. 
Thank you, Shyam. 
A warm welcome 
to 
all 
of you. 
| 
will 
briefly cover 
the 
developments on our international business. 
We witnessed 
a 
soft performance during 
the 
quarter 
due 
to 
the 
prevailing 
macroeconomic situation due to the Ukraine war. This led to a disruption in the 
supply chain for manufacturers based in Europe. With gas reserves being carefully 
monitored, as well as higher energy costs, our customers have found it challenging 
to operate plants at high utilization levels. 
Further, with the sharp price in inflationary pressure on household expenditure, 
there has been reduced volumes in the European market. Added to that has been 
the holiday season towards the end of the year. Despite this, the global business 
contributed to 21% and 22% of the total revenue during the quarter and 9 months 
in the financial year, respectively. 
However, 
we 
believe 
that 
the customers 
are 
now 
poised 
for 
an 
improved 
performance after absorbing the multiple challenges of the prior year. Input prices 
have stabilized after peaking out. In recent weeks, we have seen prices of gas also 
easing out into slightly lower levels, leading to lower energy costs. The supply chain 
pressures and logistics challenges are easing and constraints from chip availability 
has also moderated. 
Our customers are beginning to sound more optimistic about their production 
shareholders. In the backdrop of improved chip availability, Jaguar Land Rover has 
indicated better volumes for the calendar year 2023. 
Bosch 
has indicated 
an 
improvement in the full year offtake of the back of new additions in their customer 
set. 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
Further, we have added one new part in one logo with the addition of Aike, 
a 
premier manufacturer of e-scooters 
in Europe. With 
this order win, we have 
entered into a new segment in new market. We have also spoken of addition of 
Ducati to our customer who said earlier and there are indications that the SOP of 
the parts awarded will commence in September this year. 
Overall, that we have entered 2023 with far more optimism. Customers are showing 
signs of having adjusted to 
a challenging system of the previous year and are 
indicating in the improved outlook of the months and the quarters ahead. 
On this note, 
| would like now to hand over to Mr. Rajiv Gupta who will cover the 
development in the domestic business for the quarter. 
Thank you, Andreas. Good day, everyone. The Indian automotive sector had 
a 
moderate growth of 5% year-on-year basis, impacted by the flattish growth in the 
2-wheeler segment, which was impacted by the OBD regulations. 
Fortunately, there was 
better traction 
in 
Passenger Vehicles and Commercial 
Vehicles due to increasing level of economic activity and higher level of infra spend. 
The contribution from our domestic business stood at 79% during the quarter. The 
momentum of 2-wheeler dipped this quarter as the OEMs offtake has moderated 
due 
to 
the 
introduction 
of Onboard 
Diagnostics 
(OBD) 
regulation 
by 
the 
Government. 
The OBD systems provide self-diagnostic functionality incorporated into the engine 
control system, which can alert the vehicle system about potential problems that 
can impact the vehicle. These contribute to better emission management and also 
prevent potential long-term complications. 
With this various OEMs were affected, especially 2-wheelers. And we noticed 
a 
decline 
in schedules towards the year-end to reduce inventories as the models 
without OBD will not be permitted to be sold post April 1, 2023. We are seeing good 
inquiries 
in the market for new technology applications and are optimistic that 
strengthening macroeconomic conditions will help us sustain this momentum. 
 

Veera Babu: 
More importantly, domestic customers are evaluating suppliers based on capacities 
and track record in the EV offering. Alicon 
is well placed in this regard with rich 
experience 
in 
this space and 
a compatible track record 
of 94 
parts with 
17 
customers till now. 
Our European subsidiary Illichmann, which has been supplying EV components as 
2017 has been a key contributor to our growth competencies in this space. 
In 
the Nonauto 
business, 
our order 
for 
a 
prestigious telecom 
project under 
Atmanirbhar Bharat is progressing well. In the Nonauto business, there is further 
traction as we are in discussion with the Department of Defense for the supply of 
further products catering to different requirements. 
On this note, 
| would like now to request Group COO, Mr. Veera Babu, to share his 
perspective on the Alicon performance. 
Thank you, Rajiv. Good day, everyone. We have reported strong results during 9 
months of the current financial year. 
We have marked an uptick in client engagements and have demonstrated strong 
progress 
against new 
orders. The order 
intake momentum 
has 
substantially 
improved 
in 
recent years. 
By leveraging 
on 
research 
& development, 
design 
excellence and value engineering, we have demonstrated to customers of our deep 
value that we can provide them as a supplier of repute. 
The onus is to now ensure robust execution of these orders to provide customer 
products that are delivered on time, aligned to their schedules, and add the quality 
standards and technical certification that they have specified. 
An 
important element 
that we 
are focused 
on 
is 
the 
deeper 
footprint 
on 
technology. We have tried to automate certain processes of our operations. 
Further, we are ensuring optimum utilization of our resources. 
By focusing on 
driving efficiencies by addressing costs across our business model and enhancing 
yields we further elevate our competitiveness. 
 

Moderator: 
Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
We 
are 
actively working towards 
increasing 
our 
sustainability footprint 
and 
ensuring 
commissioning 
of 
our 
captive 
solar 
plant, 
which 
will 
meaningfully 
transform our energy mix. 
On 
this note, 
| would now request to moderator to open the forum 
for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
The first question is from the line of Yash Dalal from Sushil Finance. 
My question is, as we can see your revenues are up, but your interest costs have 
remained the same. So, we want to understand your efficiency of working capital, 
has it improved? Could just probably throw some light on that? 
Yes, definitely, we are focused on the improvement of capital efficiencies because 
you compare it for the 9 months, it is almost equal to the last year 
9 months cost. 
So maybe some impact of the QIP, but we have the impact of the higher interest 
rates in this year. But, we are focused on the investment side as well as that on how 
to improve our balance sheet and especially on the negotiation of the interest rates 
with our bankers as well as to control debt. 
And another question, your depreciation 
is high. As you can see, your profit has 
been low, but your cash profits are increasing. Do you think this trend will continue 
going forward? 
Yes. Definitely, we are more focused on improving profitability as well as how to 
improve cash profit because cash is the reality. So, like in the speech, we explained 
how we are improving and setting our goals, in the coming years. So along with the 
revenues, profitability, the main focus is how to improve our cash flows. 
Another question was, would you give us some revenue guidance going forward for 
the next year? 
One more point 
| missed to address that based on like you have there is the issue 
of the question on the cash flow. We have the rating agency CRISIL. So, they have 
also improved our rating from ‘A Stable’ to ‘A Positive’. So, they have also identified 
the improvement in the cash flow management in Alicon. 
 

Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
So, 
it is a forward-looking statement, but like we are explaining that for the next 
year, we are expecting at this moment of 15% growth against the current year of 
2022-'23. 
So, let's see that how we will close because the base is also increasing. Continuous 
improvement 
in 
the quarterly performance 
of the current year. And 
at 
this 
moment, in the 9 months, there is an increase in the 43% in revenues. So definitely, 
we are putting up a higher base for the next year. So, we will have a clearer picture 
in the next call. But at this moment, we are estimating that approximately 15%, we 
should achieve our growth in the revenues in the next year. 
Right. let me go by a 15% revenue growth, so 
| would assume that would be around 
Rs. 1,500-Rs. 1,650 crore would be your estimation for next year in revenue? 
That you can work out because we cannot give the numbers. So this is based on 
improving and continuously adding new order booking. And now like from the last 
two years, we are giving the new order books details. So those are converted into 
real numbers. And we are more focused on resourcing business, especially like 
where the ready business is available because the new orders generally, we go, then 
there is a development lead time of 1.5 to 2 years. So, to improve our numbers in 
the next year, 
so one focus area 
is resourcing business. So ready business 
is 
available, so how to shift to Alicon. 
So that's good to hear because 
it just going by the numbers, 
in 9M FY23, your 
EBITDA has been at Rs. 124 crores. So just maintaining the same margin if we do at 
around 12%, then you say our EBITDA would increase quite a bit, maybe by 50% 
next year. Is that correct? 
| think you are forcing me to give some forward-looking statement. One aspect is 
revenue growth, another we are focused on improving our margins. So, our target 
for the next year is at least to improve 100 basis points in our margins. So, on that 
basis, you can work out. So maybe that you are good with numbers. 
Okay. 
Just, 
sorry, 
one 
more 
last 
question. 
You 
spoke 
about 
your Onboard 
Diagnostics, the norms that are scheduled to take effect soon. So, what are the new 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Vimal Gupta: 
opportunities and challenges that will throw, how will 
it affect an impact in the 
coming quarters next year onwards? 
| think 
| will ask Rajiv to explain this. 
We are noticing volume reductions, especially 2-wheelers, the 2-wheeler OEMs on 
the account of OBD, which was clearly explained 
in our speech also. There 
is 
marginal or no change in our path with this drive by the Government, especially for 
the exhaust system. But we noticed the volume drop that is in late quarter 3 and 
also in quarter 4 is expected as OEMs need to curb the production numbers as post 
1st April '23, they won't be able to sell the existing vehicles. 
So one is, yes, there will be an effect in quarter 4 with this area. 
But 
if you talk 
about the opportunity, there 
is opportunities, especially in the quarter 1 in next 
financial year, because the OEMs will try to start building the stocks, which they 
have planned to deplete in quarter 4. We are working closely with OEMs, how to 
further build those inventories at their end. So that is what we could work out at 
this moment. 
The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. from Emkay Global. 
Welcoming Mr. Agarwal and Mr. Veera Babu for sharing thoughts for the investor 
community. Sir, my first question was on the order books, can you indicate what is 
the size of the order book to be executed by FY26? Last quarter, you had indicated 
around Rs. 3,400 crores. 
So, Raghu, 
| think a 
little bit one more explanation we would like to give, because 
all these order bookings what we are discussing explaining is realisation till FY 25- 
26, this is almost now in 2-3 years. 
So, whatever the new orders are coming, those real volumes, we will be able to see 
post '26. So, 
| think now maybe some new numbers will start giving from this call. 
But definitely, we will link with the earlier numbers also, so 
it will not be some 
confusion for you to understand. 
So, when we talk about like till FY2026, so we are at approximately Rs. 3,500 crores 
of the order book. And yearly average is coming around Rs. 750 crores. And like in 
 

Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
FY2022-23, we are expecting the execution of Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 530 crores in 
that range. And further jump because now, these orders were booked a year back 
or 2 years back. And in next year, our estimation is for the execution of around Rs. 
700 crores to Rs. 750 crores in that range. So that is based on the old numbers. 
But definitely, we would like to now give us some increase in the number of yes, 
because now we are talking about FY2025-26 
in the last 2 years. So, we have 
converted our order books till FY2028-'29. So that give a real picture of the next 6 
years. 
So, 
if we go for that, so our order book stands at around 
Rs. 7,000 crores to 
Rs. 7,500 crores in that range. So, Rs. 7,400 crores, we can take a number on this. 
And yearly average sales is coming around Rs. 1,050 crores over the next 5 to 6 
years. That is the incremental sale we are talking about. 
And 
if you can add our regular sales, that 
is in the range of Rs. 1,200 crores to 
Rs. 1,300 crores, because this number what we are talking about, Rs. 7,400 crores, 
that is base year is FY2022-'23. So we are not including the orders already executed 
in the previous years. So 
| hope, Raghu, you are able to understand what we are 
explaining. 
Yes. This was very helpful actually. And thanks so much for sharing the strong 
pipeline. So just one clarification. 
| missed the part when it was initially explained, 
the carbon neutral of the EV share in sales and order book. 
| think the earlier target 
was 36% by FY 2026. Did 
| have heard correctly that in the opening remarks that 
was mentioned, 20% to 22%. 
Yes. Basically, 
if you see in this portfolio, we are having a close watch with our 
customers also what we can see. There are a 
lot of alternate fuels also coming apart 
from the pure EV when we talk about, like the hybrid solutions, which recently 
Toyota has come up with a model of Hyryder and even Hycross. 
And also actively OEMs like Daimler. Ashok Leyland recently with Reliance is coming 
up with hydrogen cells. So, what we could understand very clearly. And also, like 
Maruti is aggressively working on the CNG hybrid. So what we can sense that this 
particular share will be supported by these alternate fuels also. 
 

Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Vimal Gupta: 
So nothing about our projections for FY25-'26 years, we were a bit confident of 
touching 36% share by FY26. And if you see with the current order booking and the 
orders in hand, they've already touched somewhere around 20% to 22% for the 
year FY26. With strong discussions with our customers going forward in next 18 to 
20 months, we are a 
bit confident of touching this number. 
That was very helpful. On the subsidiary side, the performance seems to be under 
pressure. It looks like a revenue growth of 9% and EBITDA margin at 8.1%, I'm taking 
subsidiary performance by deducting consol minus stand-alone, how do you see 
the performance ahead, especially should margin improve with the reduction in the 
gas prices? 
Yes, Raghu. So in this, definitely, there was a pressure on the subsidiary numbers. 
In the current year, you know that the reasons have been the increase in the input 
cost, especially on the energy side. And definitely, they also impacted the material 
cost. 
But what we have seen just now from Q4 FY23, there is a good demand is coming 
up for the high margin parts. And in the next year, we are hoping that we will be 
able to deliver good numbers because the order book is increasing and on the other 
side. 
One action being taken is that the renegotiation of the prices with the customers, 
especially on the energy and the increase in the input cost that we will see the 
result. And the other side, the cost has started going down. So that what we were 
expecting, so that is not going to happen. 
And the third point is that the Government, especially the Slovakian government is 
supporting to subsidize the energy cost. So, all these actions are going to support 
the numbers of the next year. 
On your captive solar plant, would that lead to power cost savings, what kind of 
savings are expected on an annual basis once that is commissioned? 
So, in the next month, we are hoping that we will start and expected yearly saving 
of Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores. 
 

Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Got it, sir. And just a last question on the overseas business, what is the kind of 
growth expectations do you have for next year? And I'm just trying to understand, 
would you continue to see the share of overseas business going up? 
Yes, definitely, 
as you mentioned, we noticed very clearly, the global numbers 
would definitely hit in the next year. If you see the market numbers, this year, the 
global numbers have hit an increase of 6%. If we see region-wise, except Europe, all 
the segments have noticed good numbers, especially if we talk about U.S., it was a 
double-digit number. 
We have noticed the impact in Europe because of the energy cost and other Ukraine 
war, the supply chain was just upped. But next year it's promising, the total industry 
is expected to grow somewhere around 5% to 6%. And the good thing is Europe, 
we are anticipating an increase of roughly around 6% to 8%. With this and with the 
penetration more towards the global orders, we are quite confident to increase in 
the next year with the global share over the total sales. 
On the working capital side, now that the supply chain situation is improving, would 
that 
help 
in reducing our working 
capital requirements? That was one. And 
secondly, like the Company had an aspiration to turn net cash. How are you seeing 
progress towards that target? Thank you, sir. 
We have seen that improvement like in the first question, we have also explained 
how we are focused on this. And hopefully, you will see the numbers in March, the 
impact of the improvements in the working capital management. 
And now like we have explained in our speech about the reduction in the transit 
period for Europe and the US that has actually gone down from 100 days to 125 
days to 70 days in that range. So that is also going to impact on the working capital 
management, and we will be able to improve that. 
And further negotiations are also going on with some customers to improve. So, we 
are focused on this and especially on the cash flow management, like on the plus 
side of the cash to maybe see in the next year. 
The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. 
 

Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, the new order execution of Rs. 700 to Rs. 750 crores for FY2023-24. 
Is it true 
that we will be executing around new orders of Rs. 700 crores or Rs. 750 crores in 
FY2023-24? 
Yes, in FY2023-24, approximately Rs. 750 crores, we are expecting to execute it. 
And your steady state turnover will be around Rs. 1,200 crores, that is true that, 
that will continue? 
Same thing 
| was explaining that this includes already executed orders from the last 
2 years. So, there will be additional approximately what we said Rs. 250 crores from 
the new business in the next year. 
Because this order booking, what we are talking is roughly around 327 parts. And 
we are tracking since FY2018-19. Very few parts have come into regular production. 
But with these set of parts, definitely, we are confident to make around Rs. 750 
crores of sales for the next year. 
So, in the current year is approximately 
| told you that Rs. 500 crores-Rs. 530 crores. 
So, whatever the difference is there. So that will be further addition to the numbers 
of, we can say, base year of FY2022-23. 
And with this new order of Rs. 700 crores-Rs. 750 crores will have definitely better 
margins where you had lower margins. Overall, the margins will expand? 
Yes, definitely. If you see the total contribution of what we are talking about new 
business. Around 79% is from my 4-wheeler components, which you have noticed 
very clearly. We get good margins because we have good scope of giving them a 
value-add part. And if we see in terms of exports, near about 47% is the export parts 
what we are talking in this part. 
And because of this currency movement which has happened on the positive side 
for us, that will also add up to our profitability? 
Up to certain extent not so much, because generally, when we negotiate the 
business for the exports, we also hedge the currency with the customers. 
 

Apurva Mehta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Apurva Mehta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Any new order pipeline, which we would like to highlight that we are negotiating, 
or we are having some good visibility for that on the Nonauto and the Auto part, 
both? 
Yes. At this moment, 
if you see massive developments are in discussion, because 
this is a junction where the OEMs or a tier 1 are working on new platforms like from 
ICE to EV or some initiative of light weighting of parts. So, this is a great opportunity 
for us even to grab this opportunity and give them an early solution. And that's the 
reason we 
are 
actively working 
on 
this 
area with 
participation 
of more 
in 
conferences or exhibitions, visiting our customers on a frequent basis, along with 
our global visits. 
So, we are under strong discussion because if we talk about EV, even this is actually 
arate where our OEM knows very clearly. If they are able to get a product in a quick 
period of time, they have an opportunity to grab more share. And in that junction, 
even the OEMs are looking for a supplier who have got rich experience on this 
domain. 
And this is a good opportunity for us where we have already are in this platform, be 
a 2-wheeler scooter, be a motorbike, be a passenger or a commercial. So, this is 
giving 
us 
an edge over competitors. 
So going forward, 
yes, we are 
in strong 
discussions with our existing and upcoming customers, which definitely 
in the 
coming quarters 1 or 2, you will see a good momentum on that ground also. 
And our aspiration to have 15% plus margin on an overall basis, is it possible to get 
on next year or maybe post next year or there is a back end of the next year, is it 
possible to us to achieve that number? 
So immediately, approval is not possible, like in previous question 
| was explained 
to you, because it will happen phase-wise, step-by-step. Immediately, a big jump, 
we can't see because we have a strong existing base of business. So, in this first 
year, like in FY2023-24, our target is to improve by 100 bps. So, we see that. And as 
already we have explained in our commentary that in next 3 to 4 years, our target 
is 14% to 15%. 
 

Moderator: 
Thank you. As there 
are no further questions, 
| would now 
like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. 
| hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call, and we look forward to interacting in the 
next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be forward 
looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company does not 
undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing 
much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on 
the call. 
 
