Cyient Ltd. 
 4th Floor, A Wing, 11 Software 
 CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134 
  Units Layout, Madhapur       
 www.cyient.com 
  Hyderabad -500 081       
 Company.secretary@cyient.com 
  India       
  T +91 40 6764 1000  
  F +91 40 2311 0352 
9 February 2023 
The BSE Limited        
 The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
  Exchange Plaza,       
Dalal Street   
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)        
Mumbai 400001. 
  Mumbai-400 051.  
Scrip Code: 532175 
  Scrip Code: CYIENT 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the earnings conference call 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q3 FY23 earnings conference call. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you 
For Cyient Limited 
Ravi Kumar Nukala 
Dy. Company Secretary 
Ravi 
Kumar 
Nukala
Digitally signed 
by Ravi Kumar 
Nukala 
Date: 2023.02.09 
16:47:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
“Cyient Limited 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 12, 2023
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. AJAY AGGARWAL - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CYIENT LIMITED 
MR. KARTHIKEYAN NATARAJAN – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – CYIENT 
LIMITED 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cyient Limited's Q3 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may enter star and one on their touchtone telephone. To remove 
yourself from the queue, please enter star and two. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna 
Bodanapu, Managing Director and CEO of Cyient Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Krishna Bodanapu. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cyient Limited's 
Earnings Call for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023. I am Krishna Bodanapu, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer of Cyient. Present with me on this call are Mr. Ajay 
Aggarwal, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Kartik Natarajan, Executive 
Director and Chief Operating Officer.  
I would first like to mention that some of the statements made in today's discussions may be 
forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this 
regard is available on our investor update, which has been mailed to you and is also posted on 
our corporate website. This call will be accompanied with an earnings presentation. The details 
have already been shared with you. As you are aware, Cyient Limited's subsidiary, Cyient DLM 
Limited has filed a draft red-hearing prospectus, DRHP, dated 9th January 2023, with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India, BSE and NSE, in connection to its proposed IPO.As 
we are in the SEBI mandated quiet period, the management will not be responding to any queries 
in connection with the proposed IPO of Cyient DLM Limited or the DLM business and 
operations. Participants are requested to kindly refer to the draft red-hearing prospectus dated 
9th January 2023 of Cyient DLM Limited available on the websites of SEBI, BSE and NSE and 
the merchant bankers to the IPO, Axis Capital Limited and JM Financial Limited, for any 
information in relation to Cyient DLM Limited and the proposed IPO. 
With this, let me take you through the highlights for the quarter. In Q3 FY23, we posted revenue 
of $197 million, which is a year-on-year growth of 28.6% in constant currency, 24.8% in US 
dollars and quarter-on-quarter growth of 13.4% in constant currency or 12.7% in US dollars. In 
rupee terms, our quarterly revenue stands at INR 1,618 crores, which signifies a growth of 36.7% 
year-on-year and 15.9% quarter-on-quarter.  
Services revenue stood at $167.9 million, which is a year-on-year growth of 34.4% in constant 
currency and quarter-on-quarter growth of 11.9% in constant currency. Services revenue growth 
without acquisitions is 10.6% constant currency year-on-year and 3.7% constant currency 
quarter-on-quarter.  
Normalized group EBITDA margin, excluding the impact of the exceptional items, stood at 
17.2%, which was up 78 bps quarter-on-quarter and down 79 bps year-on-year. Normalized 
group EBIT margin, excluding the impact of the exceptional items, stood at 12.9%, which is up 
98 bps quarter-on-quarter or down 100 bps year-on-year. Normalized Services EBIT is at 13.9%, 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
which is up 147 bps quarter-on-quarter and down 169 bps year-on-year. Normalized PAT stood 
at INR 1,627 million for the quarter, which is a growth of 47.5% year-on-year and 23.5% 
quarter-on-quarter which is the highest net profit normalized that we have delivered in our 
history.  
Coming to other highlights for the quarter. Cyient reinforces its position as a major contender in 
the Everest Industry 4.0 Services Peak Matrix Assessment 2022. We are delighted to announce 
that we have emerged as a major in contender in Everest Group 4.0 Services Peak Metrics 
Assessment 2022. Cyient has reinforced its position in the industry 4.0 space through 
investments in creating IP, solutions and technology studios with lab environment and by 
strengthening capabilities in Internet of Things, cloud, automation, analytics, etc. Cyient aims 
to address its customer’s key business challenges by leveraging the right mix of digital 
capabilities, technologies, solutions and platforms to accelerate time-to-market and maximize 
adoption and experience.  
With this, I would like to hand over this call to Mr. Ajay Aggarwal, who will take you through 
the detailed financial performance for the quarter. Thank you, and over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Krishna. I'm very delighted, as Krishna said, we have overall very well-rounded 
performance. And a performance that's not only sustainable, but which can further improve. 
When I say well rounded, I think it's not only that we are getting traction on the top line, we 
have excellent performance on the profitability and cash flow. As you have seen, our vision is 
to be industry leading earnings growth player and also to be the best in cash generation. I think 
this quarter is a very good reflection of that, and I want to assure you that the same will continue. 
With this, I move over to the revenue slide, just to give you a little insight into revenue. Our total 
revenue is $197 million, as Krishna said, and it's gratifying to see we have about 28.6% growth 
year-on-year and 13.4% quarter-on-quarter. If you look only for services, it's 167.9 million and 
if you look at the organic itself, it's close to 4%. I'm talking of all numbers in constant currency. 
And the inorganic contribution is about 8%. So that totals to about 12% growth on services, 
which is very nice.  
And on the organic piece, I just want to clarify that, all the acquisitions have been completely 
integrated and completely reported for the full period. In this particular quarter, we do have a 
situation where we are looking at the three months of Citec performance as against one month 
last quarter. But with this, the full run rate revenue of inorganic is coming in. And we are really 
doing well on the inorganic side, and this momentum will continue.  
Next, I go to the next slide, which is on the hedge book. Nothing significant. I just want to say 
that we continue to be very prudent, continue to follow the same policy and that's reflected 
overall. I think we are accretive on the EPS side and total coverage is mentioned here, and we 
still have positive about $2 million, if you were to look at next 12 months at the current exchange 
rates versus our hedge book position. 
I will move on to the income statement. I think this is where you all had a concern. In H1, we 
had taken extraordinary steps to take arrest of attrition and make us very competitive in terms of 
the people side. That is over now and the benefit of volume, the benefit of efficiency and no 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
headwind from the wage hike. What it means is we are really looking at extremely good, 
normalized services EBIT margin, what you have been traditionally looking at that is excluding 
the acquisitions, excluding DLM of 15.1%, which is a very handsome increase of almost 2% 
quarter-on-quarter. Our utilization, our offshoring, I think the focus on letting go of low-quality 
work, you will find that some of that is the lowest ever, and there is a huge effort even on the 
SG&A optimization. And we are working on a lot of benchmarking and making sure that in each 
of these areas, whether it is operational efficiencies or over SG&A, we are -- we want to become 
the industry best. 
Overall, consolidated margin has been 12.9%, which is both a combination of the acquisitions 
as well as the DLM. As Krishna mentioned, as far as acquisitions are concerned, at EBITDA 
level, they are slightly positive and accretive. All of you have been asking us in the past, they 
have been accretive. I confirm to you that if we are at about 17%, 18% EBITDA for services, 
for the acquisitions, all four put together, we are positive on that. It's only that in terms of the 
D&A, it takes time once we scale up, we will be able to see the gap, also based on the EBIT 
level. So as of now, for the quarter, it's not accretive at EBIT level, but it's accretive on the 
EBITDA level. And as I said, once we get the synergies and the focus in the medium term, we 
will make it accretive at the EBIT level itself.  
There has been a nice movement on tax. We've been looking at the tax optimization measures. 
And while we are looking at 24.1%, I think we will continue to have some benefit in Q4 as well. 
But in steady state, our guidance will be more like 25% to 26% of tax rate. In India, we are 
already adopting that 20% ordinance rate. So all around, I want to assure you that there is a 
complete focus on profitability and we are making choices in our customer decisions and our 
revenue decision to see that profitability is the first priority. 
I go over to the next one, which is the PAT and EBITDA walk. This will explain to you and I 
will let you read this. This clearly says, if you see, in terms of the normalized items, our impact 
has been reducing. It has been much lower, less than $1 million in this particular quarter and 
there is no other one-off. I'll let you read this. And if you have any questions, we will take it up 
separately. 
On the EBIT bridge, very quickly, if you look at the bottom of the table, that tells you the journey 
between the two quarters. So we have got a good benefit of scale. And once we get back to 3-
5% kind of a growth quarter-on-quarter, definitely it has a huge impact on our margin. And you 
can see on 139 bps is what we have got. And as I said, the utilization, offshoring some of the 
things that we are doing on making sure that we pick up the right quality of revenue, that's about 
150 bps. We did have headwinds in quarter 3, the number of days, especially at on-site are much 
lower. So I can tell you that we will sustain this and we'll further improve this in the next quarter 
with continued traction on the volume side, operational efficiency side, and some of the 
measures that you are also trying to take to control the SG&A. 
On the cash generation, I think we have got one of the best DSOs for the company, which is at 
about 76 days and conversion has been nice. If you see at a normalized level, we'll leave the one-
offs. We have generated 1,362 million of free cash flow which is almost 50% conversion. And 
you will see Q4 this traction will continue, and we'll further improve the DSO from our current 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
level, both in terms of unbilled revenue. We are winding up many projects in H2 in terms of 
completion, which were sort of longer gestation by way of their contracts. And also, we are 
trying to bring down our overdues, we are trying to improve the factoring. So you will see that 
both DSO and free cash flow will further improve.  
With this, I'll hand over to Karthik for his commentary. 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Thank you, Ajay. I wish you all a very Happy New Year. And as Krishna and Ajay talked about, 
I think we had an all-round performance, both on the sales as well as delivery and operational 
efficiencies have been brought in. And just to put things in the perspective and  to start looking 
at the table on the left side. If you look at Aerospace, which has grown quarter-on-quarter by 
4.4% in constant currency. Since the currencies have fluctuated significantly in Q3, we are 
looking at the constant currency column. And if you could see rail transportation has taken dip 
of minus 4.9%. We talked about rail recovering in H2, and we are hoping that by Q4, we should 
probably be getting this in the positive territory. 
Communications, which has grown by 1.3% and they have been one of our stars of growing at 
20%-plus year-on-year. I think that will continue. And as far as mining, energy and utilities, and 
we have grown about 6.8%, solid performance across all the segments. New growth areas, the 
growth is led by automotive and semiconductors and they have grown by 8% quarter-on-quarter 
in constant currency, leading to overall services without acquisitions growing at 3.7%. We were 
able to counter the furloughs lesser working days in Q3 with operational efficiencies by 
maximizing on the utilization as well as the offshore mix. 
The organic offshore mix has gone up by about 180 basis points as compared to Q2 and our 
initiatives on automation, cease & cure and price hikes continue to help us and we'll talk about 
some of things as part of the next steps. And including Services and Acquisitions, put together, 
we have grown about 11.9% quarter-on-quarter, at the group level, leading to 13.4% quarter-on-
quarter. If you take add the Services level, including Acquisition year-on-year at 34.4% and 
28.6% at the group level. 
As far as order intake is concerned, we've seen a significant momentum in Q3 and led by 
Aerospace, Communications, Automotive and Mining and we could really see a year-on-year 
growth of 18% in our order intake. This is purely for Services organic, and we have not yet 
integrated the inorganic part of the order intake into our books fully. And as far as this is at 
constant currency is more than 32% plus year-on-year growth. I think this is something which 
is giving us confidence about the demand momentum. We talked about earlier that H2 is 
expected to be better than H1. We also won about five large deals and two of them are coming 
from Aerospace and two from Energy and Utilities and one from Automotive and Mobility, 
leading to about $60 million work of total contract potential. 
So to give a quick color on the business performance outlook. I think the markets continue to be 
dynamic, considering the geopolitical high inflation, rising interest rates, I think that the 
challenges still persist. But we are definitely starting to see some green shoots. And if you deep 
dive into each of the segments and Aerospace.  

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
We expect the commercial aerospace to come back to 2019 levels by H2 of 2023 from various 
analysts and some of our customers. The revenue passenger miles are expected to probably 
surpass sometime in 2023, as compared to what was predicted earlier to be in 2024. And also 
the China zero COVID policy and that being unwounded, I think that should help us to make 
this momentum that we talked about happened in this year. And also led by some of the 
initiatives around digitalization, smart factory and sustainability in Aerospace. I think this helps 
us to continue to make projection of growth. And we've grown about 3.5% quarter-on-quarter in 
Q2 and with 4.4% quarter-on-quarter in Q3, we expect probably close to double-digit growth in 
quarter-on-quarter for Q4.  
And Rail, which is still in the recovery path and the growth is led by advanced automation and 
analytics and also the rail traffic management systems and the billing systems. I think those are 
the growth areas that we are seeing as far as Rail is concerned. We expect Rail to come back to 
a growth trajectory from Q4 and probably will take another few more quarters for us to hit the 
trajectory that we were running early. 
Communications, which has been our strong robust growth engine is continuing to make inroads 
and some of the growth led by 5G private wireless, as well as on the fiber and especially the 
time to market improvement, along with some of the digital initiatives to improve cost and 
customer experience. Also some of the interesting solutions that we have been able to bring 
along with Celfinet on the low energy consumption devices and helping to automate the process 
of energy to be reduced on the operational cost. I think some of them will help us to grow on the 
communications moving forward. 
Mining is driving the growth based on the decarbonization as well as the energy transition 
efforts, which is driving the demand for newer minerals, newer materials, including zinc, cobalt, 
copper and lithium. I think that growth is likely to be exponential and we are seeing growth and 
improving the mining operations to be intelligent, safe and sustainable. And some of the 
opportunities we are seeing includes the robotic solutions, safety of the operations, private entity 
deployment and partnering with Celfinet, I think are giving us some interesting synergy 
opportunities to pursued. 
Energy and Utilities, I think the biggest opportunity we are seeing for the next three to five years 
is about the clean and sustainable energy and led by hydrogen battery storage and carbon power 
capture technology investments which are likely to see the growth happening as we talked about. 
We also won two deals, one of them was improving the supply chain management for carbon 
sequestration technologies. I think this is an interesting opportunity that we are able to expand 
with the customers that we have acquired about three years ago. 
New growth areas and Automotive continues to be our growth engine and which is essentially 
driven by software defined vehicles and autonomous systems are essentially driving the growth 
and electrification, hydrogen fuel option and digital technologies are areas that we are really 
making investments to see how we continue this growth trajectory. 
Healthcare and Life Sciences and -- which is driven by what I would call it as the interoperability 
and patient-centric outcomes, connected devices, digital platforms are the ones which have seen 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
growth for us. And we have seen some muted performance in Q3. We expect this to improve 
with one or two customers, which will probably come back to the normalcy in the next one or 
two quarters. 
High-tech and this is one area we are starting to see some green shoots in newer areas. We are 
definitely looking at how do we leverage our capabilities that been to over the last two decades 
to be helping us to grow in newer areas and especially on the technology as well as on the satellite 
and space areas. 
Semiconductors and this is one area which has done well for us from Q2 to Q3 and however, 
due to some of the inflationary and consumer demand that is slowing down there may be some 
bit of a softness in the next two to three quarters. 
With that, we talked about some of the technology solutions and programs that we announced 
almost for about 12 to 18 months ago. We are starting to make significant progress. I'm not going 
to read all the elements of this slide. I’ll just speak on 2-3 key ones. We started working on 
digital twin for nuclear power plants. And this is an interesting project and we are trying to build, 
how do you think we can help the customers to assess the performance and maintenance 
requirements and be able to continue to help them improve the productivity and operational 
efficiency. 
Similarly, I talked about the enterprise private networks. We've been able to help in making the 
assessment on network requirements and do the network design and be able to roll up for one of 
the mining customers. That's something which is an interesting area that we've been able to work 
on. 
Autonomous industrial systems and interesting project to work on an off highway customer, and 
how do you think you can bring autonomous operations of passenger cars into off highway road 
segments. And this is about vision systems getting integrated with analytics and how the operator 
would be able to maneuver the vehicle when they were not able to see some of the things in front 
of them. 
So with that, I will hand over back to Krishna for providing the outlook for us moving forward. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you Ajay and Karthik for the details. So if I may summarize the outlook, I'd first want to 
say -- we continue to see very good momentum in our organic business and our Q4 organic 
revenue in constant currency will be higher than Q3. Like I said, this is backed up with some 
very strong momentum, order book, order intake, etc. This will be driven by growth in 
Aerospace, Mining, Communications and Automotive. Having said that and like Karthik also 
provided a brief as other areas also where we see further tailwinds that are possible including 
rail and so on and so forth. So overall, we're confident that Q4 will see further acceleration in 
growth. 
On top of that, we'll add 14% to 15% in FY23 revenue due to acquisitions in constant currency. 
We expect the FY23 normalized margins for the organic services business to be in the 13- 14% 
range for the group. And we're quite confident that we will be well in that range and towards the 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
higher end of that range. We expect FY23 normalized EBITDA to be in the 16% to 17% and 
again, we're quite confident, we'll be at the higher end of that range.  
The Q4 normalized EPS will be in the INR 15 to INR 16 range compared to the INR 14.9, which 
is what we did in Q3. The effective tax rate will be around 26%, also because, we have done 
some optimization and have some benefits. Free cash flow will be in line on a normalized basis, 
as you can see, Q3 cash flow, cash generation is also back to where we used to be and we will 
continue that. 
Just to reiterate, what we said last time, again, I'll also say, this is what we believe would be the 
base case scenario. We have not done our budgets, etc., obviously. We will reiterate, that in 
FY24, we have $1 billion visibility or run rate visibility and the EPS next year will at least be 
INR 60. Again, I want to just reiterate this because we talked about it last time, and I just want 
to say we're very confident. Having said that, we haven’t done enough work on it to give a more 
substantial number, but this is a minimum case that we believe that we will achieve for next 
year.  
With that, once again, thank you very much for your support. And I will hand it back to the 
moderator for any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Congrats on a good execution. Just wanted to in terms of the guidance. Earlier you used to guide 
on organic basis 13% to 15 % growth in the group revenue in CC terms. This time, there is no 
mention for the same. So any change in that outlook? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
So Sandeep, we're looking at the trade-offs. We definitely have acceleration in Q4 in terms of 
revenue. So we're also using this as an opportunity to look at what are the areas that or what are 
some of the things that we can also refocus on because we also want to use this opportunity to 
continue to focus and build on margins. So if you look at it, for example, this quarter, in spite of 
the almost 4% growth that we had, our subcontracting work has come down to less than or about 
2%. And if you remember at a peak that used to be 6-7%. Obviously, that's not the quality of 
revenue we want it, so therefore, we've disengaged. So we're also looking at Q4 as an opportunity 
to do that. So that's why we didn't put that. But what I'll say is, we will be close to that, I'd say, 
13% number just realistically. But we're just seeing what the right trade-off is because there's 
also an opportunity to just strengthen some of the margin-related levers because we are seeing 
some very good growth, which gives us the opportunity to make choices. But we will be in that 
ballpark when we make these trade-offs. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Karthik has just commented that in the fourth quarter, aerospace within services may show a 
double-digit growth on a Q-on-Q basis. So will it be just in services or at a consolidated level? 
And what will drive this growth? What has been accelerating the growth in aerospace? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
And I think as we guided, we are definitely seeing potential momentum building up. And some 
of the large OEMs that we have been working for many years are starting to spend money. I 
think that's definitely an interesting sign. And China coming out of the zero covid policy, 
probably they would see about two million people traveling in the next 45 days or so. I think 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
this is probably something which has never seen in the last 2.5 years or so. So which is definitely 
a great positive momentum for us. And the third thing was some of our large customers and are 
likely to see a growth of teens for 2023, especially on the new engine due aircraft sales combined 
with the operating hours increasing and increase in terms of their MRO spend. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So this outlook is only for services business, or the aerospace? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes, whatever I covered, we are not talking anything about DLM in the call today. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And with many diversification through M&A’s in the Europe as a whole, are we witnessing any 
amount of client decision-making slowdown in some of the acquisitions which we have done 
because of the macro pressure, supply chain pressure, gas shortage in the Europe as a whole? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I would say, I think as far as the new energy transition, we are very bullish on medium to long 
term. And we are seeing some of the newer areas where one customer who partnered with us in 
winning a carbon capture solution for very large customer of theirs. And this is kind of indicating 
that the momentum is definitely getting built. The energy transition is the global phenomena. It 
is just not about Europe, and it's happening across Asia Pacific, India, and North America. So 
we are continuing to be bullish on the energy transition for the medium to long term. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And the last bookkeeping question? Whether the legal and charges for the legal suit, which is 
going will continue in the fourth quarter as well? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes, they will continue in fourth quarter. And as we had mentioned, the outcomes and the 
process of this is really a little bit medium term and long term. So it will continue for some time 
but we keep on updating as we get better insights into it. So yes, it will be there in quarter 4 as 
well. 
Sandeep Shah: 
But quarter 4 could be the last quarter or it can continue beyond that? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
No, I think it could continue beyond that. It will take some time to get settled. We don't know 
precisely, but it is a question of many more quarters, not one quarter. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And cash balances are down, so is there a debt repayment in this quarter? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
I think for the acquisition, it is just a timing issue between quarter 2 and quarter 3. We had taken 
some loan to fund the acquisitions. And subsequently, it was reduced by infusing the equity into 
the subsidiaries. It's just a point of time thing. So we have funded the acquisitions one part by 
our own cash, which is equity and one part by debt. I think the debt part got done in the quarter 
2 and the equity infusion happened in quarter 3. Because of that, you are seeing that swing. This 
cash is reduced because of the uses when the acquisitions that we did in this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I mean these are really good numbers in 
the challenging environment. Especially we wanted to ask something about the order intake. I 
mean, we are having a good order inflow, roughly $240 million on the Services side. But what 
is driving this order inflow, which are the areas, what kind of deals are we winning? And also 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
on the commentary in your opening remarks, I mean Krishna mentioned that pipeline is of 1.5x 
in the presentation. So just wanted to get more color, which geography, which areas are leading 
to this pipeline? And how do you see pipeline transitioning into order intake? Yes, so that was 
my first question. And my second question was on the Captive deal that we won in first quarter, 
that Captive deal plus Honeywell order. So I mean, what could be the revenue contribution from 
both of these deals and from which period could be start contributing to the revenue? Yes, so 
those were the questions. 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
On the first question, Mihir, I think you know, the flow of how the sales cycle happens. The 
pipeline gets built, it gets converted into order intake and then to revenue. And what we are 
seeing, the kind of deals that we are participating now, we started bringing focus on the five 
pillars that we've been talking about, whether it is about digital embedded software, 
semiconductors and geospatial and networks. I think we are seeing momentum getting built up 
across all the service lines. And we also talked about some of the high-growth segments, whether 
it is automotive, healthcare, mining, communications and aerospace joining this party. I think 
we are seeing growth across all the vertical segments. And that's where we are seeing the order 
intake growth that we have talked about to the tune of 18.2% in dollar term or 22%-plus on 
constant currency. I'm sorry, I didn't get your second question. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. So on the Honeywell deal on the DLM side I mean the Captive deal which is there, which 
is when we start quarter, so what could be the revenue contribution from both these deals? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes, I think we have not talking about any specific clients, Mihir. But as we talked about even 
during our Investor Day, we're doubling our automotive business compared to last year. I think 
that trajectory is still intact. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha from Asian Market Securities. 
Shradha: 
Congrats on a good quarter. Two, three questions. Can you just tell us what has been the organic 
Services growth in nine months 23 so far? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
I think it should be about 11% around 11% constant currency. 
Shradha: 
And sir, the other question is why we are guiding to flat EPS in 4Q despite the fact that Karthik 
mentioned that even aero can grow double digits. And you take of 15 at the lower end would 
mean flat EPS on a Q-on-Q basis. So are we hinting at a margin decline, so to say, in 4Q? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No, let me clarify that. I'd say we've never guided on EPS. We just did it last quarter for the first 
time because there were a lot of acquisitions, and various things that were going on in the 
business, which didn't reflect the ground reality and that's why we guided for EPS for next year. 
I just wanted to say that we are at least holding on to that. We will, I mean, logically, we will do 
better than that. But again, I don't want to get into next year because we haven't done enough 
work. But I'd say, logically will get better than that. And that's why I said at least 60, but at this 
point, I don't think it will be prudent to get into too much more in that. 
On Q4 also, again, I think we will be at least at the higher end of that range, given that we have 
done 14.9. We also see a margin expansion in Q4. So we'll just be in the higher end of that range 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
for sure. But various things that are going on right now. Also, the other thing I will say is we 
will have some one-off costs because we are going to -- we've taken a number of actions in terms 
of making sure that we set ourselves up for a good FY24. So, there's some actions that we need 
to take in terms of giving up space, in terms of breaking or renegotiating some of the contracts. 
There'll also be some costs that is associated with it. And we are anticipating some of that cost, 
which is what will depress margin a little bit. But I'd say we're quite confident at least from a 
gross margin perspective, that it will hold. From EBIT also, we're confident that there will be 
expansion. It's just that we want to be prudent given that we also want to take some aggressive 
decisions on cost that will pay off in FY24. 
Shradha: 
Renegotiating some client contract is what you mean? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
No, not client contracts. Vendor contracts like hardware, software, space and so on and so forth. 
Shradha: 
And sir, just any outlook on how Citec has been starting up. It's been one full quarter of 
consolidation now? So any outlook you would want to give on Citec? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
It's too early to call out, Shraddha. But I think so far it is on track. It is progressing well. And the 
opportunities we are seeing definitely make us excited about what we can offer in the next 12-
18 months. And we are trying to get synergy through go-to-market and by integrating the sales 
teams together. I think that process would happen sometime this quarter. And you will probably 
have a better view by the time we complete, we conclude this quarter. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
And if I may just add to that, I think we're also winning some good new deals through Citec and 
because of the combined entity and the synergy. In fact, there's one on which the customer made 
a press release, the customer is the Aker the FPSO Company, but customer made a press release, 
citing Citec’s capability as one of the key reasons why they're going to undertake this project. 
And the two companies that they mentioned are Citec and ABB as their partners in executing 
the project. And this is all something that the customer made, we did not do any of the press 
release. 
Shradha: 
And just one last question, if I can. Karthik, I think last quarter, you had indicated that aero for 
this year should grow 9-10%. This quarter itself, we are at a run rate of 8% to 9% in constant 
currency on a Y-o-Y basis. And given the fact that we are talking of double-digit Q-on-Q, I think 
we're implying a double-digit Y-o-Y growth also in 4Q in Aero. So what has changed from Aero 
perspective in just one quarter? Is there some single client budget that has moved up 
significantly? Or is it across the clients that you're seeing better traction compared to what was 
anticipated at the end of last quarter? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. I think good observations Shraddha, I think we expect the growth for year-on-year to be 
healthy and that's definitely given based on where we stand today and what we are looking at 
for Q4. I think what we are also seeing is this is slightly broad-based. I think the decline has 
stopped that's what we have been talking about. If you look at last four or five quarters, we have 
been successively growing quarter-on-quarter in Aerospace. So we have not seen a dip and we 
also talked about a few of our large customers that are continuing to grow, which is getting 
broad-based. I think that's what I would really say, that gives us confidence for seeing the 
momentum in the Aerospace segment.  

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Dosani from ICICI Prudential Asset Management. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Best wishes to all at your end. Just one clarification. 
Slide No 17, Cyient Services you have mentioned that $240 million is the order intake and you 
mentioned that the five large deals have a total contract opportunity of $60 million. So what is 
this difference? If you can just clarify that? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
See, the order intake is the purchase orders, we received during the quarter and which goes into 
our SAP system. And let me also confirm, purchase orders from customers. The contract 
potential is something that, the customer signs up with us about, say, $10 million and depending 
on some of the large segments and $5 million on smaller segments. We consider anything, which 
is more than $5 million for smaller segments and $10 million for larger segments, as part of total 
contract potential and that is 60 million from five deals that, we are announcing here. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Because there is a good Q-on-Q growth, and so just want to understand, the incremental part is 
slightly longer than 12 months or longer or is it like, you will see that in less than 12 months or 
so? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
I think we always looked at year-on-year because of the seasonality, some customers, who issue 
the purchase order by Q3, some will do it in Q4. But I think this is close to the second highest 
order intake, that we ever had on services business. So to that extent, it's definitely high, and you 
will always look at this more than next QoQ number, look at this as a YoY number. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And second question is about the communications part, I think after a robust growth in Q1, Q2, 
I think now the growth is slightly lower. So is there some contracts that would have ended? Or 
if you can just comment on that, is there a pickup that you can expect on a sequential basis in 
Communication side? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. I think, there are about a dozen customers that, we work with where they may keep 
changing some priorities for this quarter to the next quarter because all of these businesses are 
driven by time to market and their ability to gain market share and revenue for the customers. 
So there could be some change that would happen in any of the quarters. If you look at from Q4 
to Q1, you have grown double digit in comms and which is sustained and continue to grow on 
top of that. So that's essentially what is happening. We see that the momentum in communication 
continues, and we are definitely bullish on this segment. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Lastly, my question is around utilization. So utilization now, we are at I think 90% as per your 
presentation. So is that something sustainable was my question? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. I would say. I think, we would always like to expand in terms of our bench and I think that 
is going to be some initiatives, that will be taken as part of what we want to do in Q4. Our intent 
is to maximize the utilization as far as the Q3 is concerned where there were lesser working days 
and the furlough effect. I think that is essentially worth it has shown. And it is good to see that 
most of the bench that we carry is a relevant bench, I think that's something which is definitely 
seen based on what we have looked at on the operational efficiency. 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sameer Dosani: 
And lastly, when you say QoQ double digit growth in Aerospace, is the growth rate that is you 
are speaking about is sustainable, because we are already much lower, what in this vertical versus 
what we did in pre-COVID? 
Karthikeyan Natarajan: 
Yes. We have not done the planning for FY24 yet. Maybe by the time we conclude this quarter 
and the next quarterly results, we'll talk about our view for the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Athreya Ramkumar from Ithought PMS.  
Athreya Ramkumar: 
Congrats on the performance. So I think most of my questions are answered, but I just had one, 
you know maybe a medium-term question. So I think, we've been talking about benchmarking 
our bottom line or the profitability with our peers. So I just wanted to know, what maybe on a 
three year perspective, what our medium-term aspiration is on the top line? And whether we are 
going to focus on reducing the volatility in the numbers. I think that has been an issue in the past 
as well? 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Two things on the top line, I think, we've sort of talked about what our aspiration is or what our 
goal, is in terms of getting to the $1 billion run rate in the next fiscal year. I will leave it at that 
because we haven't done a much longer-term plan against that. Now in terms of the bottom line, 
we've done a lot of work because, as you said, there is a gap to our peers and we've started to 
take a lot of actions, we've identified where some of our inefficiencies have been, and we're 
starting to take a lot of actions around those inefficiencies. So what I would say is and also if 
you look at it, when I talked about the quarter, some one-offs in Q4 potentially affecting margin 
a little bit, that's also because to achieve some of the longer-term goals, we will have to take 
some renegotiating contracts, etc. which would have a cost in the short term. So I would say 
within, by the end of next year, we will in the next financial year, that is, we will get to the at 
least the average of our peers. And I think that will be a good starting point for them to then, 
reflect back and say, what more is left in the business. But the actions that we have start that, 
we've identified and started to take. I think there's a line of sight to get towards at least the 
average of our peers by the end of the year from a margin perspective. 
Athreya Ramkumar: 
And maybe if I could just ask 1 more question on, I think based on the acquisition, the onshore 
ratio has gone up, so is this going to be the new normal? Or is there a potential for improving on 
this number as well? 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
It's too early to comment on it Athreya, I think by the time, we have a better visibility over the 
next one to two quarters, we'll keep you updated about it. And I think as you would have seen, 
we have improved our off shoring by 1% every quarter for at least last 10 to 11 quarters. So I 
think our intent is definitely there as part of what we want to do in the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Sadhwani from Sahasrar Capital.  
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
This is the first time I'm looking at Cyient. I just wanted to understand, what are our capabilities 
in the Aerospace vertical. What kind of work do we, doing there? 

 
 
Cyient Limited 
 
 
January 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Saurabh if I may ask, I think it would be good to have, if you could reach out to Mayur who will 
set up a more detailed conversation because it will take a bit of time to explain, what exactly we 
do. So could I suggest that you reach out to Mayur and he will set up a communication with us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much. I’ll just say that thank you for the support and thank you for your time 
today. Obviously, things are looking quite good. The vertical that was a bit of a lag for us -
Aerospace, which at one point was the largest vertical and today is the second largest. Aerospace 
is back and Aerospace is back with the vengeance, I would say. Like Karthik talked about, we 
have a double-digit growth. And while it's a double-digit growth every quarter-on-quarter 
sustainable? Probably not. But it's not that the business will de-grow. That the growth, that we're 
seeing is sustainable for a long time. We just need to see how much will it be? Will it be 10% or 
5% of what that number is quarter-on-quarter, we still need to understand. But having said that, 
we find ourselves in a good spot where Aerospace, which was a bit of a challenge for us has now 
become our strength. And therefore, with the rest of the business also doing quite well and with 
a great deal of complements to the team, especially led by Karthik on investing in the right areas, 
be it embedded or digital, what we call five pillars. I think the potential for us is significant 
because much of the order intake and more importantly, the pipeline that's building up is also in 
the areas that which are quite sustainable and what our customers want for a long time. So 
therefore, I just say thank you very much for the support, as we talked about last quarter. Things 
have come back on track this quarter and we believe that it's only going to accelerate from here. 
So thank you for the support and we will be in touch. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Cyient Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
                                                This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy. 
