 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2023 
 
February 14, 2023 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on February 09, 
2023. 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated January 25, 2023, towards 
investor/ analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records 
a copy of the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on 
February 09, 2023. 
 
Kindly take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
 
VINAYA 
ABHIJIT 
JOSHI
Digitally signed 
by VINAYA 
ABHIJIT JOSHI 
Date: 2023.02.14 
10:43:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited 
Q3 FY 2022 '23 Earnings Call” 
February 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cummins India Limited Q3 FY 2022-'23 
Earnings Conference Call. We hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Ashwath Ram, Managing Director, Cummins India Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Ashwath Ram, Managing Director of Cummins India 
Limited. Mr. Ajay Patil, CFO of Cummins India Limited is also on the call with me. I want to 
first thank all of you for joining us on this call today. 
We are happy to announce that Cummins India Limited reported the highest quarterly revenue 
and profit for the second quarter in a row due to strong demand in the domestic and export 
markets. Now, I would like to share the financial results of Q3 FY '23 through this call. For the 
quarter ended December 31, 2022, with respect to the same quarter last year, our sales at INR 
2,144 crores are higher by 26% compared to INR 1,701 crores recorded in the same quarter last 
year. Domestic sales at INR 1,603 crores are higher by 27%. Exports at INR 541 crores are 
higher by 23%. 
Profit before tax and exceptional items at INR 479 crores, are higher by 50% compared to INR 
320 crores recorded in the same quarter last year. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, 
with respect to the last quarter, our sales at INR 2,144 crores are higher by 12% compared to 
INR 1,922 crores recorded in the last quarter. Domestic sales at INR 1,603 crores are higher by 
15%. Exports at INR 541 crores are higher by 2%. Profit before tax and exceptional items at 
INR 479 crores is higher by 42% compared to INR 336 crores recorded in the last quarter. 
Segment-wise break up for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, are the following. Power 
Generation domestic sales were INR 712 crores, 42% increase over last year and 5% increase 
over last quarter. Distribution business sales were INR 527 crores, 17% increase over last year 
and 18% increase over last quarter. Industrial domestic business sales were INR 342 crores, 18% 
increase over last year and a 37% increase over last quarter. Exports. High Horsepower exports 
were INR 224 crores, 16% increase over last year, 4% decrease over last quarter. Low 
Horsepower exports were INR 264 crores, 22% increase over last year, 9% increase over last 
quarter. 
With this, I now open the session for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, my first question is on growth. If I just extrapolate the fourth quarter last year numbers with 
the fourth quarter of this, we will end up somewhere around 48% growth Y-o-Y. So, just wanted 
to understand what is driving it? If you can help us break this into pent-up demand, pre-buying 
because of CPCB-4. So, was there any large deals in this quarter? Did you fill up the channel? 
There was a huge demand from channel on the CPCB side that has led to this huge 
outperformance. So, that's my first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
In this quarter, we saw growth pretty much across all the areas. So, it was not just in one area. It 
was in power gen, it was in the industrial business, it was in distribution. Pretty much across the 
board, we saw growth. Some of it, of course, continues to be the infrastructure segments all are 
recovering well. The second aspect was that exports continued to hold in the quarter. So, the 
growth we saw in the previous quarter compared to the previous year that continues to hold. So 
all in all, I can say that with all the growth and the pricing actions, et cetera, we had taken, we 
saw relatively better growth compared to the previous year. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sir, can you also give some sense on the channel selling ahead of CPCB? Do you think from the 
historical inventory levels of the channel which channel was holding? So, is there a significant 
jump on account of now nearing of the CPCB implementation from July? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's not yet started in the previous quarter. There is still 7 months for that to happen. So, we think 
there could be some amount of pre-buy starting from the next quarter, but it has not yet started. 
We are still catering to regular demand as of now. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And other question is on the growth, Ashwath, because we have gone almost like as I was telling 
48%, if I just extrapolate the fourth quarter last year number into this fourth quarter. So from 
here on, I think we have been telling that we will grow at some multiple of GDP, I think 2x of 
GDP grows at 7%, 8%. So, we can be higher than that. So, how do we visualize the growth going 
ahead on such a high base of FY '23 revenues? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So as of this time, if you look at the historical data, Q4s are typically a weaker quarter for the 
company. There's usually, the Q3s are the strongest quarter and then everybody goes away for 
Christmas, et cetera, in the global markets. And by the time things start to come back and 
inventory starts to get built back again, you almost lose a month. So typically, Q4s are a weaker 
quarter. So, it's likely to still be a reasonably strong quarter, but I can't comment on how the 
growth will be in comparison to the previous quarter. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I was more talking about next year, Ashwath like how do we see? At least can we be like mid-
double-digit or early double-digit growth for FY '24? 
Ashwath Ram: 
As we have been guiding, it's our ambition to grow at continued growth at 2x of GDP is what 
we aspire to. Now the realities of the market are pretty complex. There are still a huge number 
of unknowns out there. There is still inflation, which continues to creep up. There are still 
geopolitical tensions. There is -- we are starting to see reversal of certain commodities. We have 
a whole emission change happening. So, there are a lot of variables, so it's very, very difficult to 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
predict the kind of windfall we got this year. It seems unlikely that you will continue to get it 
year-on-year. But certainly, as a company, all the things that we have put in place, I think it 
augurs well for us to at least meet our aspiration of 2x of GDP growth. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And just the last one on hydrogen thing. So, now we have this GAIL order. So, I understand that 
CV part with Tata is through the parent. What about any update on this GAIL order? Will it be 
executed through Cummins India? Are we building our credentials in that segment? And are we 
going to participate? So, is there any clarity, which is emerging on that front on what will be the 
role of the Indian entity -- listed entity? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, that is still being evaluated. We are looking at the best path to market. As far as GAIL 
order is concerned, the order was taken globally by the Cummins division. And Cummins India 
is supporting that order through service support installation, those kinds of things. So, we are 
still figuring out the best path to market for some of these new energies. And we will very soon 
be getting clear clarity on what that path will be. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very, very good quarter, especially on the margin side. So, my first question 
is, do you think this gross margin of 34%, EBITDA margin of 18%, 19%, how sustainable this 
is? And was there any one-off from any large order in this particular quarter? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, margin is better because we were able to leverage the increased volumes. Certainly, 
we had larger volumes. We were able to execute better. Supply chain picked up some more. So, 
the combination of all of that was the order board has been strong and we still continue to under-
deliver to demand. So, when we were able to deliver better than in the previous quarter, it helped 
us by getting better leverage on all the operating costs and the increased sales. So, all of that 
helps with profitability. 
Further, we had the advantage, as we had been speaking about for the last couple of quarters that 
we had put in price increases, but the commodity increases in the first half of the year were still 
greater than the price increases we had put in. I think slowly, they're getting to a point where 
they are balancing each other out. Again, that helps us improve profitability as compared to the 
previous quarter. 
Mohit Kumar: 
How should we think about this going forward for the next couple of quarters? Do you think the 
commodity prices are softening? Can you hold on to these margins? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It is certainly our attempt to hold on to margins moving forward. Commodities are mixed bag. 
It means some of them have been softening, but some of them have now flattened out. So 
commodities such as copper, aluminum and even some parts of some types of steel are starting 
to see commodities creep back up again a little bit. The other variable that we are worried about 
is that China has been pretty weak for the last 12 months and that is what caused the softening 
of some of these commodities. China is now starting to pick back up. And if they do pick back 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
up strongly as what is being anticipated, it is likely that commodities will again start rising pretty 
sharply. So, we've got to be careful and we're going to watch out for those variables as we try to 
protect our margins. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Secondly, can you comment on the industrial side of demand outlook for the next few quarters? 
How are you seeing the activities: construction, defense, railways? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think all of you have heard about the infrastructure announcements from the government. So, 
from a -- theoretically, if infrastructure continues, demand for Cummins products will be strong. 
The only dampeners are the global geopolitical crisis, the inflation and if we see some kind of 
softening in the capex cycle, those are likely to impact growth in the segments we play in a little 
bit. But despite all of that, I think we remain cautiously optimistic. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Macquarie. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand on the distribution side, 
we generally do about INR 400-odd crores, INR 450 crores. This time, we have done INR 527 
crores. Anything that's sort of one-off or do you think this sort of number is sustainable? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We have been focused on this business to try to take it from a single-digit growth kind of 
business to have the same kind of aspiration to try to grow at GDP plus kind of levels. So, a lot 
of actions have gone in, in the background on improving availability, improving the distribution 
channel to get better reach, better pricing, more products being sold. So, a combination of all of 
those has resulted in better sales. And I would say part sales for the quarter has been pretty strong 
and those were -- that was the main contributing factor. 
Deepak Krishnan:  
And do you think that will be sustainable as well, right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
 
Sorry, just missed that. Could you repeat that last part? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
So, do you think the part sales would be sustainable going ahead as well? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, we want it to be sustainable. Yes. That's what we are working on. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just a follow-up, like you indicated you want to grow 2x of GDP line, your parent in its 
earnings call indicated that India growth for CY '23 will only grow 1% Y-o-Y and trucking will 
grow 5%. So, ex of trucking that implies that everything else could potentially see a decline. Just 
wanted to reconcile these 2 numbers, 1% all India growth and 2x GDP growth for how those 
kind of reconcile? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. I think they are factoring in the fact that what they saw this year, where the currency 
devalued almost 10-plus percent. And so they are factoring in that variable to -- in dollar terms, 
if you have another 8%, 10% devaluation of the currency, then you lose a big chunk of all the 
growth that we get. So, that's probably what that comment was alluding to. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just one follow-up. The INR 712 crores of Power Gen. Could you just give us a breakup 
between LHP, MHP, heavy-duty and HHP? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The breakup is as follows. LHP was INR 51 crores, mid-range was INR 124 crores, heavy-duty 
was INR 75 crores and high horsepower, INR 461 crores. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
So basically, high horsepower we would attribute that to data centers and all the other growth, 
any of it is sort of one-off? Or do you think all of the other segment ex HHP sort of sustainable? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's -- there is growth across the board in terms of demand. High Horsepower, I wouldn't say it's 
only data centers, but it's also a lot to do with infrastructure, manufacturing and some parts of 
reality also bouncing back. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Anyway, the High Horsepower is outside of CPCB, right, because it's only up till 800, right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. Not all of high horsepower. High Horsepower, everything above 600 kVA -- 
sorry, everything above 500 kVA is considered as High Horsepower. So, about 300 kVA, there's 
an overlap. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the land of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is on delving a bit deeper into this Power Generation segment growth. If you could 
also give us what is the top sectors which are contributing to the overall Power Gen segment 
now, namely in data centers, IT and manufacturing? And if you could also individually give 
your outlook, how you see each of these segments panning out in terms of growth over the next 
2 to 3 years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, the healthiest segment when you look at it year-on-year have been data centers, 
manufacturing has bounced back, infrastructure, rental, hospitality and realty. So, those are the 
top 6 segments from where most of the growth is coming from. Looking out 2 or 3 years, because 
the -- as India moves to 5G and as people are continuing to consume more data, watch more 
OTT platforms, consume greater amounts of media, the requirement for data centers is going to 
continue to increase. There is a robust pipeline of orders and at least is my view that this market 
could hold out and show growth for at least 3 to 5 years. 
Manufacturing, again, is very, very dependent on the overall GDP growth. So, as certain 
industries like the automotive industry, which had a recession for 2 or 3 years and were deeply 
impacted by COVID, as they start to bounce back, it is likely that, that trend could also remain 
positive for a few years. Infrastructure, the government has certainly committed even in this 
budget and the long-term plan by 2030 to become a $10 trillion economy, big. That means nearly 
$2 billion, $3 billion, $4 trillion out of $10 trillion will have to be spent on infrastructure. And 
if that really translates as the ambition is, then, of course, it holds good for us that we have a 
multi-year sustained growth in the infrastructure products. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
And rental and hospitality, again, hospitality is directly proportional to how people are feeling 
good about themselves, how they can travel, how tourism picks up. It's at a record high in the 
previous quarter. And at least all indications are that bans on travel are done with across the 
world. And so tourism is only likely to increase and travel is likely to increase. So, hospitality 
should do well. And as the GDP grows, as the economy grows, once reality starts to stabilize 
and bounce back, I think these are segments or sectors which are directly proportional to how 
well India does as a country. So, if we do well as a country, these segments will continue to do 
well for us in the Power Gen business as well. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And on data centers, specifically, if you could quantify where the current market size is, how it 
has grown in the past 3 years? And what is the competitive landscape? Where does Cummins 
market share stands in this segment now? And who are the major competitors? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We don't give direct market share numbers by segment. But certainly, I can pretty proudly say 
that we are the leading player in the data center space. We do see significant growth happening 
there. We are partners with some of the biggest players in data centers, not only in India, but 
around the world. And the competitor for us in data centers are also the major competitors that 
we have globally. So, we don't have any local competitors for the data center space. Most of the 
competitors are the same competitors that compete with us worldwide in the data center space. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Next question is on the entire technology transition happening on the fuel side. On one end, we 
are -- we've just introduced the fuel-agnostic engines, which was there in the newspapers that 
you did last month. And also at the same time, we've also marketing our H2-ICE-based engines, 
which we thought should be the next-level technology. But the recent reports by media or the 
other houses say that the efficiency of these engines is actually much lower. So, would want to 
get your thoughts on how the technology transition would happen in these 2 areas, both fuel-
agnostic as well as H2-ICE and over what time period you see this transition taking place outside 
of diesel? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. First, I'd like to correct the technical perception. It's probably true that some of the folks 
who have launched introductory products in that space are getting lower efficiencies. But the 
product Cummins will launch will have equivalent efficiencies to our current products. So, we 
are not seeing any loss of efficiency, so that's talking about the technical side. So, where we see 
the fuel transition though is it's not a quick switch over event. India has a zero carbon target of 
2070. 
Cummins as a company aligned to North America and certain European markets has a plan to 
become a zero carbon company by 2050. So, between now and 2050, a transition will happen, 
which will happen in 3 phases. Between now and the end of this decade, there will be a lot of 
testing prototypes, very, very limited launches and there will be more movement to greener fuels 
and improving the efficiency of existing products. So, you will see tighter emission norms like 
CPCB-4+, BS-VI, OBD2. You will see the use of biodiesel, you'll see the use of bio PNG, CNG, 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
LNG, ethanol. So, those are the types of fuels, which will dominate this decade or start to become 
more in use. 
The next decade after that is the period we call the messy middle. That is when some of these 
other technologies like hydrogen internal combustion engine, a little more on hybrid, more usage 
of the greener gas technology, they will play a bigger part in that decade. And the final decade 
of 2040 to 2050 is when we see greater adoption of newer fuels like hydrogen in scale as the 
infrastructure for that becomes -- gets developed. The capability to produce those fuels get more 
robust and the technology gets more mature in terms of availability, in terms of stability, in terms 
of range, in terms of usage. So, that's the way we are seeing this. And this is more likely to 
happen in the sub-400 horsepower ranges of products. In above 400 horsepower, we still see 
fossil fuels and diesel continuing for a significantly greater amount of time just because 
technically, there is no clear alternative available as of now. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And last question on my side. Thank you for the detailed answer on that, sir. And last question 
from my side is on the capital allocation. The business, of course, throws a lot of cash, but the 
capital expenditure requirement over the next few years will not be large in our view. If you 
could give us more clarity on where the capacity utilization levels are? How do you plan to 
allocate capital? 
Are there any inorganic acquisitions which are planned? What are the new product lines where 
you'll be making incremental capital expenditure in the future? Would you increase the payout 
portability significantly? Anything on the merger with Cummins Technologies? What are the 
thoughts on that? If you could just elaborate that, please. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think most of the big capital expenditure for manufacturing and scale have been put into place 
already. So, we don't see very significant investment in that portion of the capex, of course, there 
will be some project-based capex in those areas as well. Also, as we transition to some different 
technologies, those will require some kinds of capex. We do see in the next year, there will be a 
significant jump in capex related to technology fees, et cetera, for transition to CPCB-4+. Most 
of the new capex that we will be adding in will be primarily focused on growth, which means, 
as you rightly said, new products, new fuels, new technologies. 
We are open to inorganic growth options and we have been setting up a growth office, which is 
looking out for those kinds of opportunities as well. So, we would like to utilize cash available 
on the balance sheet to help growth and make the -- have future growth opportunities for the 
company. As far as utilization is concerned, we are right now in the 70 to 80 kind of percent 
utilization of the installed capacity. A lot of it to do with ability to source in a raw material to 
improve utilization even further. The last portion of your question was... 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
On CTI and probable merger? Or what is the prime taking of bringing all these... 
Ashwath Ram: 
We continue to look at those options. There is no clear decision made as of yet, but we will 
continue to evaluate this for all stakeholders and come up with some kind of best scenario for 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
everyone. But it's being evaluated. You guys ask us this question every time, and we continue 
to work with our global parent to keep evaluating the options and try to figure out what the best 
solution is. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rahul from Haitong Securities. 
Rahul: 
Congratulations for very strong performance in this quarter. I've got a couple of questions. On 
the supply chain, you did indicate that the supply chain continues to be impacted. Are there any 
qualitative comments that you can offer with respect to whether there has been improvement 
from what we've seen earlier or it has obviously gone further downhill? That's the first question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, there has been improvement, which is why in this quarter, we have been able to deliver more 
product than we have ever delivered before in our history. They're still -- it's still constrained. 
So, the big areas of constraints being electronics and certain types of capacities where the 
demand now is greater than all the capacity that was built up. So, there are certain products and 
parts like specialized castings, et cetera, where the demand today is greater than the overall 
global capacity, so is going to take some time to scale up and establish new capacity. 
So, the combination of that is what is true right now that we are doing better. We are doing more 
than we've ever done before, but it's still not enough for where the demand cycle appears. And 
then this is the condition when China demand has been low. So, if China demand were to pick 
up pretty strongly in the next year, this supply chain will again face severe constraints. 
Rahul: 
Sir, my next question is on the break-up of industrial. Normally, you give a break-up between 
compressor constructions. And here I specifically want to understand how is railway doing for 
you? Given that is going to be a key vendor over the next several years, are there any specific 
areas that you are participating, growth that you see in the railway business? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So first, let me give you the break-up by sector. So, construction was INR 100 crores, rail 
was INR 77 crores, mining was INR 33 crores, compressor was INR 15 crores and others which 
comprises of oil and gas, defense, marine, pumps, all of that put together was INR 118 crores. 
So, this represents roughly about 18% growth in the industrial markets quarter-on-quarter. 
Coming back very specifically to rail, rail actually in the previous quarter has grown pretty 
significantly compared to Q2. But when we look at it year-on-year, it's almost flat. 
And the reason it's almost flat is rail is undergoing a transition from where it was using many of 
the diesel products to where it has gone to electrification. We, of course, have been developing 
products in parallel and many of those are already in testing and are -- we have already 
participated in a few tenders for these new products. So, future opportunities in rail do appear 
positive. And it's a segment where we are betting pretty heavily on in the future to get some 
growth. 
Rahul: 
So, my last question is on the break-up that you normally give on the export side, between Asia 
Pacific and Oceania? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure. So, in the previous quarter, Latin America and Oceania was INR 111 crores, Asia Pacific 
was INR 137 crores, Europe was INR 97 crores, Middle East was INR 109 crores, and Africa 
was INR 33 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. 
Renu Baid: 
Congratulations for the strong performance. My first question is just to understand a bit more on 
the export market. Now, it's been like almost few quarters that you have been cautious on 
potential slowdown in Europe, the U.S. because of energy crisis and inflation. But somehow 
these markets have still held up on a broad basis. So, how should we look at the export outlook 
from some of the developed markets and that from Africa, Middle East, which are now looking 
up again? So, some views on that will be appreciated. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. While they have looked up, if you see even Q2 versus Q3 performance, the performance 
though robust has been kind of flat and that's why we have been cautious to indicate that while 
we think we are doing well and we have seen the benefits of launching new products, et cetera, 
some markets have certainly slowed down. They have been made up by other markets. So, we 
remain cautiously optimistic is all I can say right now, Renu, because there are some downs and 
there are some up. We think all the energy we are putting in will continue to see us hold to this. 
It is our ambition, of course, to grow this market also the way we have -- we are growing in the 
domestic market or have an aspiration to grow at 2x of the GDP of India. So, that's what we are 
going to keep our focus on to keep working with more countries, more markets, more products, 
more segments and not lose the momentum that has been built up in the last 3 or 4 quarters. 
Renu Baid: 
And within the exports, we were starting to look up at export potential for industry products. So, 
how has that traction picked up in these markets? So, you think the products are picking up on 
the industrial applications or still it's Power Gen dominated? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Industrial markets have started to pick up. Some of the products that we have launched in the 
marine markets and in the construction markets, those are doing well and we are starting to see 
-- we are starting to see good demand there. As a matter of fact, I can tell you that we are unable 
to supply products into some of those markets because of the supply chain challenges that I 
spoke about. 
Renu Baid: 
Secondly, if you look at the gross margins, while they have increased to 32.7%, close to 33%, 
there was in your comments in terms of last few quarters was the target of taking margins to 
34%, 35% of the previous normal level. So, where are we in terms of that trajectory of margin 
improvement? Could be a mix of product mix, cost actions and pricing actions? So, how far are 
we and you think that 34%, 35% gross margins are achievable in the next near term, 12, 18 
months? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That is certainly our ambition and the direction towards which we have been working with all 
of our teams on. And you can see the benefit that we have gotten in the -- from the previous 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
quarter to this quarter, pretty much as we had indicated that if commodities continue to soften, 
the price increases that we have taken will yield better material margin. And we continue to hold 
on cost. We continue to try to get more efficient. We continue to try to get better prices from the 
market. So, a combination of all of those activities, certainly -- it is our ambition to want to get 
back to the kind of levels we have enjoyed in the past. 
Renu Baid: 
On the Rail segment coming back, you did mention of new launches. So, any color that we can 
throw in terms of Cummins addressable market in the recent electric -- as in the loco electrics, 
which are getting awarded, 9,000, 12,000 HP or the Vande Bharat train sets. So, what could be 
our addressable market from these large PCP-based projects which are in pipeline? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. We see more in the rail construction infrastructure as well as in the hotel load applications. 
We -- in India, we have not played as much in the prime mover application till they moved to 
some newer technologies like fuel cell-based rail, et cetera. And then we have product there, so 
we could be a prime mover there as well. The opportunities still are pretty large and I won't be 
able to quantify exactly. It depends on as we keep launching more products, rail is a pretty, pretty 
large market. And the -- our overall growth strategy is -- all I can say is our overall growth 
strategy is very dependent on us being able to grow rail better than almost any other segment. 
Renu Baid: 
And lastly, while in some of the perspective, we have had some indoors in the oil and gas space 
through GAIL project on the electrolyzer side, but you're also looking at pilot projects on 
hydrogen trains, on the automotive side, where Cummins India was driving some of these 
initiatives. So, any updates on where we are? Are these projects materializing? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We are filling out tenders and we are hoping to win. So as of now, I do not have anything to 
report at this stage. These are pretty complex projects. These are multi-year gestation projects. 
So, it's unlikely that it will just happens overnight. But we continue to bid on these and we 
continue -- we will report out the moment we have success in anything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sangeeta Purushottam from Cogito. 
Sangeeta Purushottam: 
Thank you. My questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Most of my questions have been answered. One thing is, the export side, the export number was 
flat, almost flat on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, do you think further break-up possible going 
forward? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, when you look at it on a year-on-year basis, there has still been good growth. On a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, it has been flat. As a company, we aspire to grow this business also at 
a double-digit level. The 2x of GDP that we indicated for the whole company, we also want to -
- that kind of ambition we have to grow this business as well. So, we will continue our effort to 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
try to get that growth to see if we can do more things to have opportunities by which it doesn't 
remain flat, but we can do better. 
Mahesh Bendre:  
And sir, capital expenditure plan for next 2 years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, both of the capital investments, as we have been indicating have been driven towards growth 
projects. There is one big capex investment coming in for the technology fees for CPCB-4, which 
will go into effect next financial year. And then there are all kinds of investments related to 
growth and technology and some balancing capex for manufacturing, etcetera. I do not expect it 
to be very, very significant as what we used to do in the past as we were setting up the base 
infrastructure for manufacturing, office space, et cetera, within the country. I expected those to 
be more muted, but in line with our growth expertise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the of Priyankar Biswas from Nomura. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Sir, I happen to notice in one of your media interviews, probably, you had highlighted that post 
this CPCB engines being implemented, the costs could go up by as much as 50%. So, under such 
circumstances, what are the specific cost initiatives that we are taking so that the machines are 
still affordable and there is not much of a big impact on the gross margin as it typically happens 
with the emission norms exchanges? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So, let me restate what I had stated there. Our experience when we went from mechanical 
products to electronic products in the automotive market, when we went from BS-III to BS-IV, 
we saw that the base composition because it went from base mechanical products to full scope 
electronic products along with addition of after treatment systems. The base cost in that market 
almost doubled and over the years, we have been optimizing on bringing the cost down of many 
of those components like the emission systems, components like some of the electronics 
components, like some of the internal tools and systems, which are required to run the electronic 
engines. And that is why our estimate is that cost will go up pretty substantially. 
It's still -- we are trying to add more and more capacity and we are localizing more and more of 
those products to be able to get the most cost-efficient product available to customers. We also 
we have to realize that there is a penalty to be paid for a greener environment in terms of having 
some of these systems on. And those, while we do make the products more and more efficient 
year-on-year, it doesn't really cover all the costs associated with this level of technology change, 
but we continue to strive to work on getting customers as economical a product as possible. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
So sir, my question was more like if the cost is increasing so high, like to maintain the margins, 
would it be possible to price up higher similarly? Or would -- or based on your interactions with, 
let's say, the channels, what is your feeling about the pricing actions then? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. This is what has happened in every transition around the world that one has to price 
correctly to pay for the investments in the technology. If companies don't do that, then certainly, 
their balance sheets become unhealthy. So, we certainly will need to price in the right manner. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
And over a period of time, customers realize that, that's the cost of that commodity or that 
product. And they pay for it because it's essential for their backup power or their need of energy. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And sir, just coming to a different point. So, on the export side, so based on interactions with 
some companies, it appears that there was earlier -- so not -- this is not related to KKC-related 
products, something different. But the general trend in North America and Europe has been that 
there was a significant stocking up cycle last year. So, that had actually supported the exports. 
And now on a weaker growth, apparently, there are some initial signs of destocking. So, are we 
seeing that? Or -- and what -- like what is your sense on this? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's different for different countries around the world. There are some markets which continue to 
grow to grow, there are some markets which are seeing some slowdown, especially in some parts 
of Africa and some parts of Europe, but there are other parts which have been in deep recession. 
So, they're actually bouncing back. So, there is no one answer, which is why it's very, very 
difficult to predict what the overall scenario is going to be. But the big markets like North 
America, we have certainly seen the demand to continue to be stable and strong and haven't seen 
a very big drop off. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And sir, the last question from my side. So while in this quarter, there was a close to 15% growth 
in revenue, so quarter-on-quarter, I mean, so versus 2Q. Separating the other expenses were 3% 
lower. So, what explains this divergence? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Other expenses, mainly because we've got some one-time benefit. Usually some of our shared 
services, et cetera, they do the final adjustment at the end of the calendar year. So, we got some 
advantage of some money back on some of the accruals made in that space. So, those are the 
ones which really helped us in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the last two questions. The next question is from the line of Sujit Jain 
from ASK Investment Managers. 
Sujit Jain: 
Congratulations, very strong quarter. Just to understand, in terms of absolute number or 
percentage of your overall Power Gen business, how much would be data centers? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I would say, as of now, it's very difficult to say, but I would say less than less than 10%. 
Sujit Jain: 
 
And growing at probably 15%, 20% CAGR? 
Ashwath Ram: 
 
Yes. That's a fair statement to make. Yes. 
Sujit Jain: 
And railways, what kind of absolute number you'll reach FY '23. 
Ashwath Ram: 
 
Sorry, could you repeat the question on rail again? 
Sujit Jain: 
Rail, the overall size that you will reach in FY '23, absolute sales. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
 
For the full year? 
Sujit Jain: 
 
For the full year? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's difficult to predict, but we think we will be able to grow rail at, at least greater than the 2x 
of GDP that we have been aspiring to. So, we will see some growth happening there. 
Sujit Jain: 
 
But close to INR 350 crores this year? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I do not have that exact number on the top of my head, but if you reach out to us, I will try to 
look that up. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure. And one last question. You just explained you are explaining the price rise that will happen 
in CPCB-4+. In our experience that we had in CPCB-2 transition, initially, we went full in terms 
of the price increase that was to be taken to have desired margins. Competition did not follow 
and then we had to kind of scale back. So, how do you see this playing out this time around 
when the price increase is cheaper than CPCB-2? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, first, I'll compare and contrast by saying that CPCB-1 to CPCB-2 was a mechanical to 
mechanical transition, which means the base product did not change in any manner. So actually, 
the cost structure did not change very significantly other than the optimization that was done. 
So, it just became a commodity play on whoever could manage with the lowest margin getting 
into the market. Whereas the CPCB-2 to CPCB-4+ involves a pretty complex transition where 
you can't just take the whole product and use it as it is with some fine-tuning. 
You are literally redesigning a new product going to scope electronics and you're adding a new 
system, the after treatment system on top of all of that, which was not into play at all, which is 
what is driving those significant cost increases and subsequent price increases. So, I do expect -
- I do expect that prices should go up significantly. And there is no technological answer by 
which one can overcome the emissions need with not going and migrating to some of these 
technologies. 
Operator: 
Next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Just if you can throw some color on like what is the kind of pricing action we have taken? 
Because during the raw material price increase, there was a, we had increased the prices. So, are 
we looking at reducing any of those prices? Or do we believe that the market can still absorb 
those high prices and there won't be any major pricing action? 
Ashwath Ram: 
As of now, we are not looking at any price reductions because as I mentioned earlier, we have 
seen commodities start to reverse again. So, we are just in the mode of catching up to 
commodities. As a matter of fact, this is probably the first quarter where we have caught up to 
the commodities that we paid extra for in earlier quarters. So, this will be a wait and watch. But 
as of now, we are holding on to the prices. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And how is the competition also reacting? Because is there any market share gains for us in the 
last 9 months because our growth has been pretty robust in the domestic market? Are you seeing 
any market share gains? 
Ashwath Ram.: 
No, we haven't already seen market share gains because it's a supply constrained market. So, we 
are not meeting all the demand that we have. And so anybody who has capacity is also able to 
sell into the same market. So, we haven't seen any real market share gains as of now. Of course, 
there are gains in certain segments, certain nodes, et cetera. But overall, when I look at the overall 
market, I wouldn't say we have really gained from a market share perspective. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And sir, just one more in the parent commentary, you told because the dollar-rupee, it can be a 
10% growth. But even at 10% growth also, we believe that we are kind of -- we can -- even if 
you assume an 8% -- 7% GDP, 14% growth is some kind of a given for us. So, just wanted to 
recalibrate that. What's that... 
Ashwath Ram: 
Not everyone believes that India can grow at 7% next year. So, the more conservative folks 
believe that India will only grow somewhere between 5.5% to 6%. So, when you do that math, 
that's why you come up with a more conservative outlook. And certainly, nobody is going to be 
unhappy if we do significantly better than that and grow more than what we -- what they think 
we can grow. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And did you quantify the amount of engine price increase for CPCB-4+? You have quantified 
the cost? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, it's going to be different for different nodes depending on how complex the transition 
is. But as of now, I can indicate a range which says anywhere from 30% to 50% is the kind of 
price increase what we are considering based on the kind of costs we are incurring to launch this 
technology. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
And we have test -- we have completed the test for what percentage of the nodes we have? 
Ashwath Ram: 
 
All nodes have been tested and are in final stages of approval. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So, we have that advantage versus the competition in being ready for the market? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I cannot comment on competition's readiness, but I can certainly comment on ours. We will be 
ready. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With this, we conclude today's Q&A session. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ashwath Ram for closing comments. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, thank you all of you for your participation today and extremely patient listening. Cummins 
India believes that the Indian economy will sustain its growth rate, resulting in holding up of 
demand in coming quarters. Introduction of CPCB-4+ emission standards is a welcome change 
to address environmental concerns and will pave the way for introduction of the latest 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
technologies in these markets. However, because of supply chain challenges, which we continue 
to work through and the geopolitical concerns, we remain cautiously optimistic about the short- 
to medium-term demand outlook. With a strong balance sheet and liquidity, we are confident to 
navigate the business. With this, I close this call. Thank you, stay safe and stay healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and leadership team, we would like 
to thank you for joining us today and making it an engaging session. We are ending the 
conference now and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
