 
 
                 
 
 
Corporate office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
  Tel: +91 22  40332727 / 66942507  
Fax : +91 22 26860011            GSTIN: 27AALCS8686A1ZX 
 CIN: L51900MH2008PLC180452  E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience .com   Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
 
Factory                 : A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C.  Tal.– Khed, Dist. – Ratnagiri, Pin :415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
                                          Tel: +91 2356 272299          Fax: +91 2356 272178           E-mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com  
 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE 
 
Date: February 20, 2023 
 
To,                                                                          To,                                
BSE Limited                                                         National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
                                                     Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543434                                              Scrip Symbol: SUPRIYA                                      
 
Dear Sir (s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q3 FY 2022-23 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings call held on Wednesday, February 15, 2023, at 11.00 
A.M. IST to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine month 
ended December 31, 2022. 
Clarification: 
During the question-and-answer discussion in the earning conference call, at the 29:55 minute mark, on 
being asked on guidance for revenue growth, management inadvertently mentioned that the revenue will 
double by FY2027 over a base of FY2023, However the correct guidance was provided during opening 
commentary, wherein it was mentioned that revenue will double by FY2026.  
Request you to take this intimation on record.  
We have kept the transcript verbatim to avoid any confusion, however, we request members through stock 
exchanges that transcript should be read with this clarification. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A44973 
 
SHWETA 
SHIVDHARI 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SHIVDHARI 
SINGH 
Date: 2023.02.20 
14:31:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited 
Q3 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  DR. SATISH WAGH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
DR. 
SALONI 
WAGH 
– 
DIRECTOR– 
SUPRIYA 
LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
MR. KRISHNA RAGHUNATHAN –CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS: 
MS. RASIKA SAWANT – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and nine months FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of Supriya Lifescience Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Rasika Sawant from 
Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you Madam! 
Rasika Sawant: 
Thank you and welcome to Q3 and nine months FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of 
Supriya Lifescience Limited. Today on this call we have Dr. Satish Wagh – Chairman and 
Managing Director of Supriya Lifescience Limited along with senior management team. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are 
based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. Actual results may differ 
materially. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A detailed safer harbor statement is given on 
page number two of investor presentation of the company which has been uploaded on the 
stock exchange and company’s website as well. With this I now hand over the call to Dr. 
Satish Wagh for his opening remark over to you Sir! 
Satish Wagh: 
Good morning and warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the Q3 and 9M FY2023 Results of Supriya Lifescience Limited. To take us through 
the results and answer to your questions we have with us the top management from Supriya 
represented by Dr Saloni Wagh – Director, Mr. Krishna Raghunathan - Chief Financial 
Officer of Supriya Lifescience Limited and our investor relations department Orient 
Capital. I hope everyone got the opportunity to go through the financial results and investor 
presentation which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as the company 
website. 
Before we discuss the business performance, I would like to brief you a few development at 
Supriya Lifescience. I am happy to report that the Board has appointed Mr. Krishna 
Raghunathan as Chief Financial Officer of the company. He is a dynamic professional and 
qualified chartered accountant having more than two decades of rich experience with an 
excellent track record in departments like finance, treasury and investor relations. Krishna 
has a demonstrated history of working in diverse industries including pharmaceutical, 
packaging, and information technology. He is a seasoned pharma specialist with more than 
two decades of experience in the companies like Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and 
Granules India Limited. His appointment is in line with the company’s strategy to achieve 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
accelerated growth in the years to come. We welcome him to Supriya Lifescience family 
and wish him all the success in his role. 
Let me now share some key highlights for the quarter nine months ended FY2023. As you 
all know it has been a challenging quarter for the global economy and our industry has been 
no exception. Due to continuous challenges posed by the lockdown in the major cities in 
China the drop in demand of key products has led to pressure on topline and profitability 
for quarter under review. However our endeavor is to navigate these challenges and 
focusing on getting adequate measures to minimize the impact on our business. Our primary 
focus remains on expanding our regulatory market presence with new emerging markets, 
backward integration and manufacturing capacity optimization. For 9 months ended 
FY2023 our operating revenue was 319 Crores as against 342 Crores in 9 months FY2022 
with an EBITDA of margin 23.2 and PAT margin of 16.2%. Our operating revenue in Q3 
financial year was Rs.105 Crores as against 117 Crores in Q3 FY2022 a degrowth of 10% 
on year-on-year basis. With this I now hand over the call to Dr. Saloni Wagh to share the 
key highlights of our business performance. Over to you Dr. Saloni! 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you and good morning to all the participants. We welcome you to the Q3 FY2023 
and 9 months FY2023 earnings call of Supriya Lifescience Limited. I would like to share an 
update on development and performance of the quarter under review. As informed by our 
CMD, Dr. Wagh we have had a challenging quarter. We have a leadership position in 
antihistamine range and for this China is one of our largest market. As this product range is 
a mature range for the company and already in regulated market the revenue and margin 
contribution of the same is high. There has been a severe outbreak of COVID in China for 
the past several months. We have been transparent about lockdown situation and have 
continuously communicated the supply challenges we have been facing. Due to the 
extended lockdown and widespread use of masks and sanitizers the demand for the 
antihistamine range of products has gone down significantly. We are facing demand and 
pricing pressure from this market. The situation in China remains grim and we anticipate a 
similar trend in the coming quarters before it starts to improve. 
Other markets and therapeutic categories continue to be stable. However, as we operate 
predominantly in export market and there are long holidays in December the sales get 
pushed to the last quarter. Hence for other therapies and regions we have not seen any sales 
loss. Considering our current situation we have already been working on the derisking 
strategy to mitigate the impact of our dependence on a particular product and or all 
geographies. We have enhanced our capacities and initiated registration for other therapies 
such as decongestant, antihypertensives, anti-asthmatic, vitamins and anti-allergic. These 
therapies have good volume potential in regulated markets. We anticipate that these will 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
start seeing a good traction in regulated markets in the next two quarters which will help 
stabilize our portfolio even if the situation in China does not improve the way we are 
expecting. Additionally, we are in the advanced stages of discussion for two CMO 
opportunities and getting multiple enquiries which, we believe will start contributing to our 
topline and bottomline from Q3 of FY2024. We are also evaluating new products in our 
R&D pipeline to increase our product basket and therapy exposure. Furthermore, we are 
strengthening our senior management team to enhance our business development, 
manufacturing, and R&D capabilities with the aim of creating a more robust business 
model. 
Talking about our facility upgradation work for capacity enhancement our E block which 
will add 350 KL capacity work is going on and we expect it to be operational by Q4 of 
FY2024. Our admin building at our Lote site with a new R&D center Q3 and finished 
goods warehouse will be operational by Q4 FY2023. R&D facility with pilot plant 
expansion activity at Lote site and Ambernath is going well in time. 
Lastly, I would like to touch upon company’s backward integration business model. The top 
12 products which we produce contribute to 72% of our total revenue. We are extending the 
backward integration model to our newer products as well to stay competitive. By adding 
more products, geographies, increased penetration in regulated markets, expanding our 
customer base, adding more operating sites we are completely derisking the business a 
stepping stone to our success story. We are confident of our derisking strategy and other 
initiatives that will help us recover our topline and improve margin profile in the quarters to 
come. Overall company’s growth strategy of doubling the topline by FY2026 remains the 
same with a healthy and sustainable margin. With this I will now hand over the call to our 
CFO, Krishna Raghunathan. Over to you Krishna. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Thank you Dr. Saloni. At the outset I would like to thank Dr. Wagh for the introduction and 
I am excited to join Supriya Lifescience Limited and be a part of such a talented and 
dedicated team. I am looking forward to contributing to the growth and success of the 
company and being a part of the exciting future that lies ahead. 
Let me share the highlights of our financial performance for the nine months and Q3 
FY2023 and following which we will open the floor for questions and answers. Company 
reported revenue from operations of Rs.105 Crores in Q3 FY2023 as against Rs.117 Crores 
in Q3 FY2022 and Rs.319 Crores in nine months FY2023 as against Rs.342 Crores in nine 
months FY2022. EBITDA in Q3 FY2023 stood at 14 Crores as against Rs.38 Crores in Q3 
FY2022 and Rs.74 Crores in nine months ended FY2023 as against Rs.132 Crores in nine 
months FY2022. EBITDA margin stood at 13.4% in Q3 FY2023 as against 33% in the 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
same period last year and 23.2% in nine months FY2023 as against 38.6 in nine months 
FY2022. Profit before tax was at Rs.12.6 Crores for Q3 FY2023 and 17.2 Crores for nine 
month FY2023. PAT stood at 9.5 Crores for Q3 FY2023 and Rs.52 for nine months 
FY2023. Operating revenue has remained similar in the nine months FY2022-2023 despite 
muted customer response in our key market which is China. However, since this market is a 
key margin generator there has been a dip in our margin, also we have not seen any major 
cost pressure on raw materials. Logistics challenges which we have faced in the earlier 
quarters has eased out. On the expense front there has been an increase in certain expenses 
like power, employee benefits and certain increase in repairs and maintenance which are in 
line with our business strategy and this is all from my side we can now open the floor for 
question and answers. Thanks to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. If we grow through the past four, five quarters that Supriya has 
been listed and basically arranging these calls and we have been interacting with you so the 
entire commentary that has been there from the management if I recall it used to be 750 
Crores of topline in the target 2-3 years and then sustainable margin of 30-35% and all 
those things and if I have to look at it going back in past 12 months everything has kind of 
deteriorated to an extent where the commentary does not stand anything basically whatever 
has been told to the investors so the entire management team has changed do not know for 
what reason the CEO changed, CFO changed then all these numbers last quarter you were 
saying that in China logistical challenges were there now you are saying that there is more 
demand so as investors how are we supposed to join all the dots being in business for two to 
three decades these cycles typically tend to be known to the management how sustainable 
are the margins and stuffy, so your comments on that will be helpful and we will need some 
bit of doing on your part to ensure that we keep trust in whatever is told to us basically so 
your comments on this will be helpful? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So thank you for your question. See in terms of the last couple of quarters’ performance 
since this financial year began the major issues we have seen in the last three quarters and 
we have actually been very transparent throughout all our interactions with investors, 
earnings calls that we are facing logistics issues in China because of the continued 
lockdown so this is something we have been very transparent about. Now what has 
happened is that because of the continued lockdown and because of the widespread use of 
hand sanitizers, masks people are not going out of their homes the demand itself for 
antihistamine range has dropped down significantly so this is a result of the continued 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
lockdown which has been going on for over three months so that is one of the major 
impacts that we have faced and this is why in this quarter we are saying that yes we are now 
facing a demand drop because of this continued lockdown situation in China and what I 
would like to also highlight is in the past also we have said that the company has a 
leadership position in three molecules out of the 38 molecule portfolio that we have. These 
three molecules have moved into the regulated market space they are very mature molecules 
of the company and their contribution to our topline as well as our bottomline is very 
significant. Unfortunately for us because of the situation in China one of our key markets 
and key products has been badly impacted. If you look at the other therapies they have 
performed well the growth in those therapies is quite stable but because currently the 
dependence on this particular therapy and market of the company is high the impact on the 
topline and the bottomline is visibly quite significant. I don’t think even now the strategy 
for the company has changed we still maintain that the company will continue to show good 
growth in the next couple of quarters, for this what we have done is we have already 
identified a group of 5-6 products which we have now fast tracked into the regulated market 
space. These molecules have very good volume potential so they can add quite significantly 
to our topline and give us a decent margin as well so once these molecules start maturing 
into the regulated market in the span of next two to three quarters you will see that the 
portfolio would have been significantly derisked so whatever comments we have made in 
the past that we are looking at doubling the topline in the next three years or we still stand 
by those comments. We also have a lot of CMO opportunities which are at advanced stages 
in fact two of them have gone through the signing stage and we expect to see some revenue 
generation from the Q3 of next year, so yes we have identified the risk at our side and it is a 
risk which we have been very vocal about with all the investors and everyone in the past as 
well and now we are putting our best effort to try to mitigate that risk, so we are committed 
to showing growth in the next couple of quarters. As far as the senior management team 
getting changed is concerned, we have also addressed this in the past but I would still like to 
take this opportunity to address this. The CEO due to some personal reasons, family reasons 
he had to step down, he still continues to be with the company very much, he is our 
technical lead, it is not like he has left and taken some other job opportunities so he is still 
very much a part of Supriya and now with Krishna joining us in fact we have strengthened 
our finance side. He has a much wider experience and exposure to the pharmaceutical sector 
for over 20 years and he has been part of listed company so in fact I would say that on the 
finance part we have strengthened our team and we continue to strengthen our team further. 
We have identified areas like R&D, manufacturing, and technical areas where we would 
like to further strengthen our team so you will hear from us very soon on that front as well. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So what is the outlook on margins and related to that and how much China contribution is 
there on the topline and margin front if you can be a bit more clear on that it will help us 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
understand how the numbers can shape up from here and what is your outlook on the 
margin actually that will help us? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See at this point we are not giving any sort of a commentary on margins and also we are not 
giving any sort of a guidance for future but we believe that we will be in a steady state from 
now on. I think that is something which I can always say but we would like to what do you 
call perform for the next couple of quarters before giving any sort of guidance at this stage. 
We are not guiding anything at this stage. We will be waiting and watching for the next 
couple of quarters. I think we will let the performance speak Sir. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
But what the tables say 13% margin that you reported this quarter or 20, 25, 30% that has 
been coming in the last? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
It would be around what you call late or early 30s I would say but please do not take this as 
a guidance we are working on improving all of this further also but at this point in time you 
can say that around 30 should be a steady state in future. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So this is we are talking about the next two to three quarters or we are talking two years 
down the line or one year down the line? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
No it would be for the next couple of quarters. See there is always a scope for improvement 
further. As of now whatever we are seeing looking at the Chinese situation this is what we 
believe would be the number at this stage but we expect a quarter-on-quarter improvement 
going forward. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
The other part I asked was the China proportion to sales and margin. Madam this is very 
important because we have been investors and there are many people who have kind of had 
a bad experience till now so I think rather than a time limit it would be better if you could 
answer all those questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital 
Market. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sir my first question is, are you seeing any pricing drop in CPM and what would be the 
quantum approximately single digit, double digit? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So while we will not be able to share this information on the quantum see what has 
happened is because like I mentioned in my speech as well because of the continued 
lockdown the demand has dropped and when the demand drops there is definitely a pressure 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
on the pricing as well, so we are seeing a price and demand pressure from Chinese market 
on CPM. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
What would be the seasonality for CPM like which are the main quarters for this product? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Usually Q2 and Q4 are typically the highest sales in terms of CPM but because of the 
lockdown which was there in China during Q2 we did not see that kind of impact but if you 
look at the revenue generation and if you look at the region wise contribution you will see 
that in terms of volume we have been able to sell CPM into the other markets like South 
east Asian markets like Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam so there we have seen good volume 
pickup so in terms of volume you might not see a large drop but because one particular 
market has been impacted and that market volume and price typically contributes very 
largely to the revenue and bottomline that is why you are able to see the hit in the P&L as 
well. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Madam regarding the gross margin so it has been all over the place like around 60% to now 
we are like approximately 51% so if we take a base of FY2026 where we double the 
revenue what would be the range for the gross margin, target range for the company if we 
can get a range for FY2026? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
At this point it is too premature to talk about margins in FY2026. See I think let us cross 
this financial year and in future I think when we believe that we could give some sort of 
guidance, we will certainly guide the market. We are not shirking away from anything but 
since these are all what do you call one-off sort of issues which had happened which the 
company has not seen in the earlier instance so please also understand that we do not want 
to guide such a long term but it would be a very, very healthy margin that is something 
which the entire senior management is working upon Sir. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Do you believe the margins have bottomed out in this quarter? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Sir we do not want to give any sort of guidance but yes I would certainly say that this would 
be one of the lowest performances yet. I do not think it should be anything going way below 
this is what we also believe in. 
Saloni Wagh: 
I want to reiterate what Krishna said. I think is the lowest what has happened and we do not 
see it dipping from this anywhere. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
What is the demand scenario for ketamine in Europe are we seeing any strong traction 
there? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Sir we do not comment on product specific stuff because these are all our important 
product. I think it would be very, very improper for us to guide about single molecule in a 
call. If something you can always call me personally I think we can have a chat on this. It 
will be a bit or not inappropriate for us to talk about individual product margins at this stage 
Sir because these are all are confidential and important molecules and we would not like to 
share the demand as well as the margins in an open forum please. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Lastly like there will be a sharp spike in other expenses so what would be the component 
leading to that increase in other expenses for the quarter? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See basically what had happened is of course one is on a very good side the CPHI has 
started so the last quarter we had some expenditure on CPHI so that is on the marketing side 
of course a bit of power and fuel and we had to maintain a couple of reactors on the plant 
side so these were some of the expenditures which have gone up. Of course employee 
benefits also have gone up a bit which of course we have already said in our speech due to 
all the new personnel joining in so these are some of the areas where we have seen but we 
do expect a bit of reduction on the repairs and maintenance going forward but nothing 
significant is going to reduce Sir. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you Sir. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naresh Vaswani from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So while you mentioned that because of the lockdown demand gone down but what we saw 
in India as well post the reopening the demand came back much stronger and now since we 
are hearing China has opened up why are we not seeing our demand recovering in the China 
for the CPM? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Like I have said in my speech as well as I explained before what has happened is that 
because of the extended lockdown and widespread use of masks and sanitizers and there 
was a very strict lockdown so people were not leaving their houses there was no flu that the 
common flu, cough, cold had gone down significantly, so of course when a scenario like 
this happens it will have an impact on the demand so that is why once things have opened 
up what we are understanding from our contacts in the market is that because of this 
extended lockdown situation the demand for the product itself has gone down. It is not a 
permanent situation but what we understand from them is that this situation will persist at 
least for the next couple of quarters, for a market to recover it will not be very immediate it 
will take a couple of quarters for the demand to stabilize that to what it was earlier. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Alright so that means there is some stocking still there in the market which would get 
utilized and post that you might see recovery in demand right? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes we anticipate at least in the next two to three quarters similar situation would be there 
but it will keep stabilizing post that is when we actually think that the market would be in a 
position to recover. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Right and you mentioned that there are four to five products which will start to go into 
regulated markets and that will start to contribute in the next two to three quarters so can 
you help us understand which are these products and what would be the contribution of 
these products in next let us say two to three quarters? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So while I cannot give out specific product names but the therapeutic category yes, so we 
have some products from antihypertensive range, in the anesthetic range itself we have 
another product where we are seeing good traction in North American market and the 
asthmatic vitamins also we are working on some large CMO opportunity with the innovator 
where we can see a very large volume scale up, then decongestant is another category of 
products wherein we are completing the registrations in US and in Europe. We are 
expecting to get the USDMF number in Q2 of next year, so these are some of the therapies 
wherein for the product the volume demand is quite large and the margin profile is also 
quite decent so once these products and these regulatory approvals start coming in like I 
said from Q3 of FY2024 we should be able to start seeing good revenue generation from 
these products but the specific number on how much revenue and which products 
unfortunately I will not be able to discuss in this forum but these are just some of the 
therapies that we have already identified and we have been working in the last couple of 
years. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
But what I was trying to understand is will this take longer time to materialize or you 
already have the registration in place and you are starting to get some orders on these 
products so will it be like one year down the line thing or do you foresee it faster? 
Saloni Wagh: 
It could be faster because for some of these products some registrations have already started 
coming through. We are working on some specific projects with certain customers wherein 
the customers have already bought the validation volume so we are waiting for them to 
come back to us on the commercial requirements so it would definitely be faster than one 
year. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Your guidance on doubling the revenue was on the base of effort by FY2022 on FY2026 
right? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Saloni Wagh: 
By 2027. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
So the doubling of revenue was on the basis of FY2022 revenues? 
Saloni Wagh: 
FY2023 revenue. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
One last question so in this two CMO projects where you were close to finalizing the terms 
what would be the size of this project if you can share on that and which therapies will this 
belong to? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So while I cannot talk about the size of the project but definitely these would be 
diversifying our portfolio further. This would be more on the advanced intermediate side of 
the products. It would not be API centric so definitely it will further make our portfolio 
more robust and make it more derisk I would say but in the next coming few months itself 
you can wait for some positive announcements from our side on this front. 
Naresh Vaswani: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Khara from VT Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Avnish Khara: 
Hi thank you for taking my question. So my first question is on the China market I just 
wanted to get a sense of what is the right to win in the China market is it better compliance 
or some sort of technical excellence that we have in the work that we manufacture for them 
because I think it is a core market for us and it is a large high margin market as well so if 
you can just give us some colour on that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So yes in terms of this China market we have both on the client side as well on the quality 
side, in terms of compliance we are the only registered foreign source with an NMPA which 
is the Chinese regulatory authority for this product, we are also the only manufacturer to 
have the NMPA site approval we are audited and approved by them. There is a very 
positive quality of material that we produce for the China market, they do not follow the 
normal monograph they have their own Chinese monographs wherein the impurity levels 
are far more stringent as compared to any other monographs. They also have very specific 
requirements when it comes to the infrastructure, when it comes to the GMP compliance at 
intermediate level also for which we have invested in our site and we have created that 
infrastructure because of all these things we have been able to get a premium price in that 
market and that will continue once the situation stabilizes in that market so it is both a 
combination of the quality we supply to that market as well as the regulatory compliance 
that we have. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Avnish Khara: 
I think if I look at your geographical numbers then US slowly I can see a slight uptick over 
there so you are talking about future growth so is it safe to assume that US will be a key 
focus market for you going forward and if you could also help us understand what are the 
other markets you will be focusing on where the growth for your new products will come 
from? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes like you very rightly mentioned we have seen some increase in the North American 
market and this is because we are getting good traction for some of our existing products 
there or when we talk about growth in market it will contribute largely to this growth 
because some of the other therapeutic category molecules which I discussed previously we 
see a very large market in North America so definitely as the next couple of quarters 
progress you will see more contribution from North American markets. Europe still 
continues to be one of our largest regulated markets. Even if you look at the numbers of Q3 
the only impact which has happened is because of the long holidays which happen in 
December month and we are unable to ship during this entire month so whatever sales we 
were not able to do has been (audio cut) 34:40 so as such we have not seen any sales loss 
for the Europe market as well so situation there also is stable and going forward one of 
these other therapies regulatory approval start coming Europe, North American markets, 
Latin American markets would be the larger contributors in regulated market space. 
Avnish Khara: 
Right and I just have one last question I think there was a debottlenecking done in blocks A 
and B so how much of improvement that led to and what current utilization levels are you at 
on a consolidated basis? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Currently the consolidated capacity utilization is at 72% and the debottlenecking has 
definitely helped increase the volumes of certain individual products wherein we were not 
able to get the larger model but overall we are at 72% currently. 
Avnish Khara: 
That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank from Crescentia. Please go 
ahead. 
Shashank: 
See my first question is after the investor wealth eroded are you sticking to a capex which 
you had planned and you published in your previous concalls or is there a change in the 
capex in terms of reduction of capex, my second question is that in slide #7 of the investor 
presentation where you see Asia contributing 50% of your total Q3 sales but for the last 15 
to 20 minutes you are saying China is not contributing and that is the one major reason from 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
29% it is going to 50% that means Asia and China is a major portion is contributing so I 
want to understand is am I reading a wrong data or is it something else that is my question? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
You are reading the data in the other way around. I think see nine months FY2022 is 50% 
and nine months FY2023 is 42% and what has happened is in China the margins are pretty 
high but we were able to cover up most of the sales that is why if you see we have not seen 
much of a reduction on the topline. If you look at our topline we have not lost much but 
most of it had come and hit the margins so whatever you are saying nine months FY2023 
highlights see whatever it is it is based on what do you call my topline numbers. My topline 
numbers I have not lost much so it is only that I had sold much in other Asian territories 
like what Dr. Saloni has already said about and with respect to capex specifically see some 
of these capexes like module E and certain other stuff which we had already committed 
during IPO times is what we are carrying forward and I do not think there is any change in 
any of our thought process in that so that is happening accordingly. I do not see any reason 
for us to stop and looking at our expanded portfolio which Dr. Saloni has just specified we 
believe that our revenues are only going to grow north and we do not see it is a major 
problem see whatever that has happened in this quarter is just an aberration and it is not 
something which is very permanent. 
Shashank: 
Because I was referring to Q3 in specific only slide #7 I am not talking of nine months? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes Krishna have already explained and even I have also explained this when I was 
answering about China. What has happened is when we consider Asia we also consider all 
of these south east Asian countries so in countries such as Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia or 
some parts of middle east we have seen a good nice volume growth so rightly said that in 
terms of volume there is not major dip because we were able to compensate through some 
of these other south east Asian markets that is why overall if you see the Asia revenue 
generation has not dipped at all but what impact the China situation has caused is on the 
margin front and yes also on the topline if the China revenue would have been generated 
our topline as well as our bottomline would have been significantly higher but we have 
been able to get the volume from some of these other south east Asian markets and that is 
the reason why overall there is no dip in terms of revenue generation from Asia and see 
most of this capex is driven for capacity enhancement without which the further growth in 
the portfolio cannot happen so capex remains the same. We are continuing with that 
because the doubling of the topline will only happen if we have a larger capacity for some 
of these other molecules in the portfolio to grow and we are going to see a very good 
traction of these in regulated markets and we will need that capacity. 
Shashank: 
That is it from my side. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagvir Singh from Shade Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jagvir Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity so I want to know what is the percentage of revenue we derive 
from China in the last nine months? 
Satish Wagh: 
Our CFO will answer but let me tell you something on China because some predictions is 
wrong at the end see China whatever CPM we were selling is not the major consumption of 
China. Chinese has got lots of big variants of tablets and capsules making combination units 
who cater all over the world and for that this is a GMP audited site only from India that is 
why the purchase was taking place and that too also from the beginning with limited 
quantity that you must understand it was told to us. If we do that suppose demand is 300 
tonnes and you feel that I should export 150 tonnes not possible at all otherwise there is 
going to be hit on the antidumping duty from China which today we are also doing from our 
end. This was the thing which was from the beginning when we registered the product it 
was told to us you cannot continue to say as much as you want you have a restriction of a 
quantity if you exceed antidumping is expected on you and then you lose the business this is 
what I would like to inform you all this is the type of business in China. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
To add to Dr. Wagh see basically Chinese revenue is a very, very significant number see we 
do not want to answer very specifically with respect to China on the percentages but it is a 
very, very large chunk plus also a great margin contributor for us so by not having Chinese 
sale we had lost ground on the margins that is what I think the whole commentary is all 
about in this quarter so if we are able to recoup the sales as well as the margins I think our 
businesses would be skyrocketing that is how I can put it. I do not want to use any other 
adjectives beyond this being a conference call I think but if you could come one-on-one I 
think I could explain this further. 
Jagvir Singh: 
My next question is regarding 15 days is already gone in this quarter so what is the ground 
situation right now so I am not asking about any guidance I just wanted to know so we may 
see some improvement in the margins and the topline in this Q4 over Q3? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
We do not want to guide anything for the market but this should be a better performance 
when compared to Q3. We would like the results to speak for itself Sir we do not want to 
unnecessarily guide the market and we do not want to raise any sort of an expectation with 
the people but yes having said that the performance of Q4 would be comparatively far, far 
better than Q3. 
Jagvir Singh: 
But Q4 seasonally always higher for Supriya? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Saloni Wagh: 
Correct, it is seasonally also higher and like Krishna said that definitely our performance for 
Q4 would be better than Q3 performance. 
Jagvir Singh: 
It would be better than because of Q4 is seasonally higher or there is some improvement 
because 15 days already gone so I just want to understand so there is any improvement in 
China part also not on the ground? 
Saloni Wagh: 
The China situation will continue like I said in my speech earlier also. The China situation 
would remain the same at least for the next couple of quarters; however, some of the other 
therapeutic category products, we have 38 products in our portfolio and while some of the 
other products might not be very high in terms of margin contribution, we have seen good 
traction for these products in some of our regulated markets so that is the reason why we are 
confident that it would be better because these product contributions would be seen in Q4 of 
this year. 
Jagvir Singh: 
Madam I just want to understand that if suppose in Q4 next year in the first half of the Q4 
even Chinese situation does not recover so from the other markets we can make the losses 
in the Chinese market so we can make these losses in the other market? 
Saloni Wagh: 
To compensate for the margin contribution that China was giving immediately would be 
very difficult because the number is significant but like I said we are working on a risk 
mitigation strategy so probably 3-4 quarters down the line yes we would be in a very strong 
position that even if the China situation remains as is some of the other products would 
have matured into the regulated market space and we would still be able to normalize our 
margins as well as our revenue but it would take at least a couple of more quarters for this 
situation to streamline. 
Jagvir Singh: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks for the opportunity, so my first question just to understand we have some products 
in Q3 in Europe which we have not been able to sell we believe it has got deferred to Q4 
right so would these product be on a cumulative aggregate basis the higher margin 
contributor to the average I am taking 30% now as the benchmark given on this call is it fair 
to say that A) the dip in Europe the contribution in sales this quarter is because of this 
deferment and in Q4 once these products come in we should expect better revenue as well 
as margin contribution? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Saloni Wagh: 
Absolutely yes. Like I said in my speech as well the sales dip in Europe is not because of 
any sales loss it is only that the sales has been pushed into the Q4 because of the long 
holidays in most of the export markets actually once these shipments go through like I said 
before as well Q4 performance would be better in terms of revenue also and in terms of 
margins as well as compared to Q3. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Would you be able to quantify or give some sense of how much revenue we are talking that 
has potentially got deferred? 
Saloni Wagh: 
That is something that we will not be in a position to share on this particular platform but 
we are happy to talk in detail separately but in this platform it would be very difficult to 
give any specific number? 
Tushar Bohra: 
Madam would it be safe to assume that against the average run rate of about not close to 
100, 110 Crores for the last three quarters would we therefore expect significantly higher 
traction in the coming quarter? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Of course Tushar you will see a better Q4. I think that is what we can say at this point in 
time yes it would be comparatively far, far better than Q3. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sure my second question is if you can help understand the new CMO opportunities a bit 
better including the ones which you are saying that have sort of progressed as well on some 
of the other if we can have some qualitative highlights and also the milestones of what we 
should look forward to? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So in terms of CMO opportunities at the moment we have 8-9 concrete CMO opportunities 
most of these are wherein we would be a manufacturing certain advanced intermediates for 
multinational companies wherein the initial agreement has been signed and now we are in 
the process of tech transfer. Some of the CMO opportunities are also dicentric where we 
would be partnering with the innovator and we would be supplying their entire 
requirements from our GMP approved site so two to three projects are of this nature as well 
and then we have some CMO opportunities which are away from API and intermediates 
into more nutraceutical sectors so that would also definitely help in derisking our portfolio. 
In terms of how they are progressing most of them like I said are concrete opportunities 
when the initial agreements have been signed they are currently in the process of tech 
transfer and technical information exchange, two of these have moved to a very advanced 
stage and like I mentioned in my speech as well from Q3 of FY2024 we should be able to 
see some revenue contribution from these two opportunities. In the next coming month we 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
would be in a better position to give more concrete information and make announcement of 
these CMO opportunities. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks and finally on the new products that are being discussed on regulatory market so we 
should expect some more of products to start getting sold in regulatory markets in this 
financial year or rather in FY2024 and what kind of margin profile are we expecting for 
these products would it be in line with higher than the 30% guidance that we are sort of 
maintaining for the near term? 
Saloni Wagh: 
We will start seeing the contribution from these other basket of products in regulated 
market sales from Q2 of FY2024 because most of these products we have still applied for 
the regulatory applications and we are expecting them to come very soon so from Q2 of 
FY2024 we can start seeing some good traction for these molecules. In terms of margin 
profile there would be decent margin generating products like we mentioned somewhere in 
the similar range of 32% of EBITDA. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Padmaja Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
The management churn around like CEO leaving and again CFO leaving this kind of a 
churn around looks very bad on retail investor side even in today’s call if you see very few 
institutional investors turned around even though you are aspiring to be a company in that 
CRAMS space, CMO space, CRL space it is turning out to be bad. 
Saloni Wagh: 
I have clarified and I have explained that the management churn around we are talking 
about if we really look at the CEO stepping down we have mentioned it many times in the 
past and we have still clarified again and again that the CEO has just step down from the 
responsibility of CEO due to some of his personal reasons because some of his family 
members not keeping well he is not able to give as much time to the company but if you 
look at our company structure he still continues to be very much a part of Supriya team as a 
technical lead so let us address it once and for all that he has not left the organization just 
because of some of his family members not keeping well he has stepped down from the 
CEO responsibility but he has taken the responsibility of a technical lead and he still is with 
us for a lot of CMO opportunities and for technical advises. In terms of CFO which is the 
second thing in fact I have already mentioned that with Krishna coming on board for us as a 
new listed company this would help strengthen our finance aspect because he comes with a 
lot of experience running a listed company specifically in pharmaceutical sector for over 20 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
years so this should be in fact construed as a very, very positive step that we are trying to 
strengthen our senior management and in the next couple of quarters also you will see that 
we are further strengthening our senior management team on our side, on technical 
capabilities because we definitely see a lot of scope of growth for the company and to 
facilitate this kind of growth we need to have the right kind of technical people on board so 
if anything I feel that going forward and even now the complete focus of the management is 
to strengthen the senior management team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Purohit from InvesQ Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Earlier when you had discussed probably you have mentioned that we work more on short 
term contract rather than a very long term management with our customer so is there a 
change in strategy for the new molecules or new geography that we are making for because 
probably that is one of the reasons we have lost some sort of business so what is the new 
arrangement that you are looking for, for a sustainable growth? 
Saloni Wagh: 
As you are aware the API market is very. very dynamic so most API companies and 
including ourselves when it comes to API we will continue working on short term contracts 
because the raw material pricing situation is so dynamic that if we get into a long term 
contract it might not be beneficial for the company but because the API space is more short 
term contract driven we are trying to derisk this aspect by introducing CMO opportunities 
wherein the advanced intermediate and API requirement with some of the multination 
companies would be a long term like five years, seven years time so we are trying to derisk 
on that aspect. Then going forward it would be both short term as well as long term 
contracts. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Is your Chinese customer still like in touch with you or what is their feedback that whether 
they will continue business with you if things improve so what is their commentary on that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Absolutely they are in touch with us. That is why we are able to share in detail the current 
market reality of China and we have been sharing that over the last couple of calls as well. 
Like I mentioned that Supriya has a very strong position in China because of the regulatory 
compliance that we have and also the quality of material that we produce. We are also an 
NMPA approved site and like our Chairman said that most of the end users in China have 
approved Supriya as a primary source. As soon as the market stabilizes we would be their 
preferred source and the entire volume would start coming back to Supriya so it is just a 
matter of when the situation stabilizes. It will take definitely a couple of more quarters. It is 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
not short term. This is a long term impact on the market and for it to recover we are 
anticipating at least another two to three quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Asli from Maximal Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Asli: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So just want to deliver on the China issue a little bit. Any 
thoughts on the local capacity in China have any local competitors increased the capacity or 
up the compliance game if you are aware of that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
The local manufacturers in China historically also and even today they are non-GMP 
compliant that is why even companies like Johnson & Johnson, GSK who have their site in 
China still continue to buy from Supriya so in that aspect there is no change. They are still 
non GMP complaint so we are still their preferred source. Also in terms of capacity because 
the demand has gone down there is no further capacity enhancement also which has 
happened locally in China so this is the current situation what we understood from our 
agents in China. 
Karan Asli: 
Right and would be it possible for you to segregate your demand in China into local 
consumption and export formulations? 
Satish Wagh: 
I think when we decided to say like this because I have told you in my previous speech that 
we are supposed to cater certain quantity only if we exceed there would not be possible to 
ship one kg also because the day we do that antidumping duty will be done on us. Today 
you are seeing many of the items we are ourselves putting antidumping duties on them in 
result mainly industrial areas certain products are getting closed so we have a certain 
market, certain GMP standard, certain approvals and that is already on the website of the 
Chinese NMPA and CTA only foreign source Supriya ideal approved so that is why we are 
able to sell but not with 100% sales, limited sales that is my submission to you on China 
and I think China we have already discussed lot of things. Let us not to discuss on China 
matters again and again because the issue is same. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Having said that like what the Chairman is ascribing to see you will not have 100% capacity 
out of China it is only that some of the capacities will be granted and that is what we are 
able to cater now that there is a drop in demand because of what Dr. Saloni has already said 
in the speech earlier that is why there is a dip in China at this point in time. I think this 
should be settled once and for all at this stage. I think that is the entire submission of the 
management on China. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited 
February 15, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Karan Asli: 
Sure and my next question is pertaining to the margins now I think you said directionally 
we expect margins to improve but at the same time China is not going to come back till let 
us say Q2 of next year at least and the regulated products also that we are pushing into the 
market will come in Q2 of next year so in the meanwhile what would be the more granular 
levers we have to get close to that sustainable margin that we have because that would mean 
that you would have to again come back significantly in term of 40 to 50% plus 
contribution so do you see that happening? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Like I said before as well if you look at our revenue generation from the European it has not 
been impacted there is no sales loss as such. We are doing quite well the product portfolio 
and the basket there is very, very stable. It is just that some of the sales from Q3 has gotten 
pushed into Q4 due to the long holidays other than antihistamine range and Chinese market 
we will also have anesthetic range of products which are doing quite well and which are 
also one of the other major therapeutic categories for the company and are doing quite well 
in the regulated market space, so definitely we will see a lot of contribution from these 
therapies even antiasthmatic for that matter. You will see revenue generation from these 
therapies so that is the reason why we expect the normalized margin. 
Karan Asli: 
In terms of how we expect to end this year I think our target was to reach up to last year’s 
revenue levels do we think we will be able to match that? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
See at this point we do not want to give any sort of guidance but it looks like we might fall 
a bit short on the revenues when it comes to last year levels. Yes of course that is what is 
going to happen. 
Karan Asli: 
Sure that was helpful. Thanks and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Dr. Satish Wagh for closing 
comments. 
Satish Wagh: 
Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for taking time out and joining on the call. I 
hope we have been able to respond to your queries. If you have any further queries you may 
reach out to our investor relation partner Orient Capital. Thank you very much and have a 
good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
