 
aa 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Block, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon – 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-679000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Udaisagar Road, Udaipur – 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294-2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.com, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
PI External 
 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:92:2022-23 
February 22, 2023 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
            
Corporate Relationship Deptt. 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Code No.523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Code No. PIIND 
 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2022.  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Analyst and 
Investor Conference Call for Un-audited financial results for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2022 held on Wednesday, February 15, 2023. The link to access the 
transcript of the earnings conference call is  
https://www.piindustries.com/Media/Documents/Q3%20FY23%20Concall%20Transcipt_Cle
an.pdf  
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
Sonal Tiwari 
Company Secretary 
 
End: As above 
 
SONAL 
RAMANAND 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by SONAL RAMANAND TIWARI 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=75ed131e8ea35321e70a83b42f37e1f0aff112771b87384926419fac78
dcaf8b, postalCode=411027, street=SNO.61/2, NISARG ANAND SOCIETY, FLAT 
NO.4-504, NEAR RAKSHAK SOCIETY, PIMPLE NILAKH, AUNDH, 
pseudonym=a03a1d1fead3395e7fba512a30d88017, 
serialNumber=940ab859eddf3e5508d87b3cfcdb7232a95e97911685e1c57401
a4b9f1b22251, o=Personal, cn=SONAL RAMANAND TIWARI 
Date: 2023.02.22 19:59:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
PI External 
 
PI Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
February 15, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of PI Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal a Moderator: by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India.  
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on PI Industries 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including: 
 
Mr. Mayank Singhal, Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Rajnish Sarna, Joint Managing Director 
 
Mr. Manikantan Viswanathan, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Prashant Hegde, CEO, Agchem Brands and 
 
Mr. Atul Gupta, CEO, CSM Agchem  
We will begin the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal. After that, we will have 
Mr. Manikantan sharing his views on the financial performance of the company. After 
that, the forum will be open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on today's 
conference call could be forward-looking in nature, and the disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the investor presentation shared with you earlier and is also 
available on stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to request Mr. Singhal to share his perspectives. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 

 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
PI External 
Mayank Singhal: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for being with us on today’s call to discuss 
our third quarter performance.  
It gives me pleasure to share that PI has delivered yet another quarter of 
outperformance. Year on Year, our revenue growth during Q3 FY23 came in at 19%, 
with EBITDA increasing by ~40% with margins standing at ~26% supported by 
favourable product mix and operating leverage. Consequently, our PAT during Q3 
saw an expansion of 58%. Further, efficient net working capital management 
significantly improved free cash flow. 
In line with the superlative performance, the Board of Directors has considered an 
interim dividend of Rs. 4.50 per share for FY22-23.  
Our Branded products for crops including Cotton, Rice, Chili, Horticulture and Wheat, 
have performed well. With a portfolio of advanced brands, we have carved out 
leadership in respective categories. Further, we are recording attractive responses 
to the spate of new brands that we have recently introduced into the domestic 
market; one of the highest number of launches in the industry in a year. Our brands 
integrate and incorporate best-in-category solutions for crop protection, helping 
farmers prosper. We have a strong pipeline of products at different stages of 
development to continually enhance our portfolio. The institutional sale remained 
subdued during the quarter due to higher channel inventory and hence reflected in 
the overall domestic revenue growth. 
Dynamics within the global speciality chemicals industry are evolving to realise higher 
value procurement of products from India, where the country stands out both in terms 
of quality, processes, and technology. Global clients are prioritising diversification of 
sourcing to India, even as the country develops an integrated value chain in key 
chemistries. Our order book at the end of the quarter stood at around US$ 1.8 billion, 
indicative of the confidence the innovators repose in our business model and 
delivery.  
PI is renowned for its ability to partner with innovators for their global requirements. 
PI has earned a niche for itself through proactive investments in capacity building 
and research in novel technologies and platforms. The need for breakthrough and 
innovative molecules today is very apparent. The operating environment today is far 
more volatile than earlier, and the business models that have balanced exposure to 
clients, geographies and technologies will scale up more attractively. Our ability to 
engage with our global customers on a long-term relationship basis and our keen 

 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
PI External 
understanding of complex chemistries are core advantages for the Company and 
our Customers.  
The share of non-agchem enquires rose to 25% of the total. The product mix for PI 
continues to evolve and we are looking at higher share of non-agchem molecules 
getting commercialised in the coming quarters. 
We are augmenting our outlook by widening customer relationships beyond agchem. 
Our research and innovation teams are continually engaged in developing relevant 
next-generation offerings. We are comfortably placed to realise 20% plus revenue 
growth with continued improvement in margins and returns.  
This will be backed by expansion in business from commercialised molecules, with a 
better margin profile and sharper checks on costs. Recently launched molecules 
have continued to scale up. We aim to commercialise up to 4 to 5 new molecules 
each year. To leverage this momentum we will accelerate capacity expansion 
further.  
Our business model remains poised to scale up markedly once the consummation 
of the new pharma entity takes shape. We continue to actively evaluate inorganic 
growth opportunities in pharma domestically and internationally in line with our 
pharma strategy. Initiatives to augment leadership bandwidth are ongoing to steer 
our foray. 
I am pleased to report that, it is a proud moment for PI, as we received the Golden 
Peacock Award for Corporate Social Responsibility for the year 2022. PI is 
committed to inclusive growth aligning with the SDGs and creating long-term 
sustainable solutions toward reimagining a healthier planet.  
With that, I draw my opening remarks to a close and handover to our CFO, Mr. 
Manikantan for the financial discussion. 
Manikantan Viswanathan: Thank you, Mr. Singhal. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us 
on the call today. I will summarise the company's financial highlights for the third 
quarter ended 31st December, 2022. Please note that all comparisons are on a year-
on-year basis and refer to consolidated performance. 
During Q3 FY23, we reported revenue of Rs. 16,132 million, a growth of 19% over 
the same period of last year. This was driven by growth in exports revenue by 23% 
to Rs. 13,286 million and 2% increase in domestic revenue to Rs. 2,846 million.  

 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
PI External 
Exports revenue growth of 23% was driven by volume growth of around 9% and price 
and currency of around 14%. New innovative Agri brands launched recently also 
contributed to the growth. 
Our gross margin increased by 73 basis points to 47% partially due to cost pass 
through and favourable product mix. EBITDA increased by 40% to Rs. 4,156 million 
for the quarter driven by operating leverage benefits and tight control on fixed 
overheads. Profit after tax increased by 58% to Rs. 3,518 million, attributable to 
EBITDA growth. 
Cashflow from operating activities during 9M FY23 was Rs 9,951 million. This was 
due to higher EBIDTA and efficient net working capital management. The Trade 
working capital in terms of Days of Sales was reduced to 90 days vs. 103 days on 
31-Mar-22. 
Our balance sheet further strengthened during the quarter. Networth increased to Rs. 
69,716 million. Total CAPEX for 9M FY23 stood at Rs. 2,585 million and is in line 
with the plan. This year, we estimate a CAPEX of around Rs. 5,000 million. 
Inventory levels reduced in terms of Days of Sales to approximately 81 days to Rs. 
14,517 million in line with higher revenue and adequate safety stock to avert supply 
chain disruptions.  
The Company maintained its strong liquidity position and has recently repaid the 
outstanding ECB of US$ 25.71 Mn 
That concludes my opening commentary. I will now request the moderator to open 
the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Two of them. First, on the capex side. The presentation talks about planning to 
intensify the capex in the future. So while we are guiding about INR 500 crore of 
capex for fiscal '23, is there a number you could help us out with for '24? Is it going 
to be substantially larger and if so, in which projects? And the second part was just 
on the pharma side. I believe you have invested INR 675 million into PI Health 
Sciences to kick start our organic initiatives on the pharma side. If you could please 
just elaborate a little bit about the plans out there. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Thanks, Abhijit. So for the first question, this year, we had a plan of INR 600 crore of 
capex, but some part of it will surely get rolled over as some of the multiproduct 

 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
PI External 
plants, we are reworking on the design. For next year, we are expecting anywhere 
around INR 800 crore to INR 850-odd crore of total capex.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. And also if you could just talk about the pharma investment into PI Health 
Sciences. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. this investment is basically for initial operating setup and our activities that we 
are intensifying and augmenting our resources in the pharma space.. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Fine. And just the last thing from my side was on the margins. Margins overall have 
been much stronger than perhaps you would have expected about at  25.7% this 
quarter. So any specific benefits this quarter in particular? Or is this a sustainable 
sort of run rate for the future? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This is majorly coming from 2 to 3 areas. One is that the product mix has been 
positive for us. In this quarter, certainly, the sheer operating leverage benefit is also 
kicking in with this sustained 20% to 25% growth. And then, of course, we have had 
a very tight control on our fixed costs. So all these are contributing to this margin 
improvement. While there will be certainly some variation quarter-on-quarter basis 
depending on product mix but on a year-on-year basis, we'll be able to reasonably 
sustain these margin levels. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Two questions from my side. Firstly, there's obviously been some concerns of 
slowdown in some pockets of agrochemicals, both domestically and in the export 
market. Could you maybe provide some colour on the trends that you're seeing with 
respect to your products, both for domestic and exports? That was the first question. 
And secondly, on your point where you're saying you will obviously be focusing more 
on capacity expansions going into next year. Any indication on what kind of increase 
you are envisioning there? I know that this is not a straightforward question with 
respect to your products, but some colour would be very helpful. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So if I get your first question right, you're looking, you see a downward trend 
agrochemical products? Or what was that? 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Some trends that you are seeing with respect to your products? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Okay. If I look at the product portfolio, I think that's the unique part about PI. Both in 
the domestic business, as you've seen, we declared that we have seen the highest 
concentration of innovator products. And these innovator products have put us on a 

 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
PI External 
growth trajectory while the growth of certain generics has been muted due to adverse 
weather conditions. The new products will continue to grow, and we see a good 
positive direction coming from the product portfolio that we have. I'm pretty sure 
some of the products will scale up through different weather conditions and will give 
some exceptional outcomes. 
When I look at the global product portfolio that we are in, we again see positive trends 
some of the large products that we are in still need to be registered globally, and 
there is a positive trajectory of growth that continue to happen. At the same time, we 
have entered some interesting strategic products, which have a good potential for 
growth in the global markets, and that's quite exciting for us to see that we are poised 
to be in a comfortable position in terms of our product portfolio strategy. While there 
could be certain headwinds, which could come in, these will take good shape in the 
future. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
So just to clarify, you've not really seen any significant slowdown with respect to your 
products, particularly on the export side, so that would that be a fair statement? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. We've already put in our order book position we see as well the demand and 
that continues to happen. So that is where we are right now. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure. And on the capacity expansion, any colour would be really helpful. 
Mayank Singhal: 
I think that was answered. Obviously, one great job has been done, we've looked at 
about taking 12% plus capacity debottlenecking of the existing assets by looking at 
various engineering and technological solutions and given us the growth trajectory 
that we have. And looking at the portfolio of the consumer, the impact on the 
technologies, we are looking at ~INR 600-plus crore extra capex for next year in 
addition to the rollover capex of a couple of hundred crores from current year. So 
that is where we are. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My first question is on one of a key molecule has seen a very strong growth in this 
quarter. So just wanted to understand that what could be the reason driving this 
growth? Are you seeing market a wider application of this product? Are farmers using 
this product as a substitute of Glyphosate? And I am sure you would have also 
collected some market intelligence on what should be the growth for one of key 
products? 

 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
PI External 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, as you know, these products are cyclical in demand. There has been a product 
portfolio expansion. Newer geographies, which are being added clearly, application 
and acceptance are growing. So we do see growth coming through this. And 
obviously, I would not like to talk about quarterly up and down. It depends on the 
supply chain, market situation, and cost positioning, which is taking part in various 
parts of the geographies. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. That's good to hear. So that essentially means that the growth that we have 
seen is an organic growth and it is not that the inventory gets piled up in the channel 
and in the subsequent quarter, we see a significant slowdown? Yes. My next 
question is on the tax rate side. What should we expect on tax rate on a full year 
basis? 
Manikantan Viswanathan: The Tax rate for 9 months is 14.5%. So the full year basis will be less than 15%  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So first question is on Slide #9. We have 
mentioned that more than 60% products falling in green category. So what exactly 
does this mean? And how beneficial it is for us given that the sustainability is a criteria 
for global innovators? 
 Atul Gupta: 
Yes. So the product under the green category are the one with green Ecoscale and 
low level of wastage etc. We decide which products fall in the green category, yellow 
category and in red category basis international criteria and then work systematically 
in the development stage to improve the Ecoscale of products.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Just a clarification. This is applicable for both CSM as well as domestic? 
Atul Gupta: 
Yes. It has got both. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it. Second question after commercializing 3 products in CSM, what is the 
total number of products in CSM and any non-agro products in current landscape? 
And for next year, are there any non-agro products, which will be commercialized in 
FY '24? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. So we have already got 3 commercial products in CSM exports. We're looking 
to commercialize 2-3 non-agchem products in the next year. And obviously, we are 
in the early stage of this business, and these are not forming substantial revenue, 
but these investments just show a positive direction for growth and customer 
confidence with them. 

 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
PI External 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just different number right now, including these 4 products? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We would not have a number on hand in that for the moment. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vishnu Kumar A.S. from Avendus Spark. 
Vishnu Kumar A.S: 
Congrats for good numbers. This question is on margins. In the past, we understood 
that many of our contractual terms to the customers are that we will earn a fixed kilo 
per margin. And so irrespective of the price movements we earned, fixed price and 
higher pricing will still probably percentage margins will be lower. That is one. And 
second, as the production scales up for certain products, we were -- at least what 
we understood was that we will have to transmit certain efficiency gains to the 
customer. But the current commentary seems to suggest that there is a change in 
the contractual terms, if you could slightly elaborate on this point. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As I explained earlier, this is majorly coming from change in product mix favourably 
for us. Every year, we are launching 4 to 5 new products. Even in domestic, many 
new products have been added in the last 2 to 3 years. So obviously, the product 
mix is favourably changing. That is one. And secondly, the operating leverage 
benefits. We suffer in the initial periods of capacity installation with the lesser 
utilization of these plant investments and at a later stage, the operating leverage 
kicks in. So right now, some of these benefits are kicking in and that is giving this 
margin improvement. 
Vishnu Kumar A.S: 
Understood. In terms of new products on the export side, how much would be, let's 
say, the last 2, 3 years, if we have launched certain products, any rough contribution 
of revenue, if you could just help us understand the last 2 years or 3 years, what 
would that proportion of your overall revenue would be? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We don't have exact numbers with us. But I think I mentioned in the last call, around 
17% to 18% of total export revenue comes from products introduced in the last 3 
years. 
Vishnu Kumar A.S: 
Got it. And on your comment, you said that domestic products also, we are getting 
better margins. So the margins that you are currently earning would be higher in the 
domestic because of the new product launches? Is that the way also we can think, 
that you are earning slightly better numbers from these? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Adding new products at higher margins, the domestic business will be giving us the 
better contribution level. 

 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
PI External 
Vishnu Kumar A.S: 
Got it. And just on the capex bit, you said we have spent about INR 250 crore out of 
the INR 600 crore, another INR 350 crore is pending, plus about INR 800 crore which 
you just mentioned. When should we expect these new plants to be coming up? Any 
rough commissioning dates that we are looking for? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So just to clarify on it, some of the capex, which was planned in the current year 
is getting rolled over because of the plant design related changes. And that will also 
be covered under this INR 800--850 crore that we have indicated for next year. We 
have two multiproduct plants scheduled to get commissioned maybe one in the 
second half of next year and the other one, we are monitoring, may come in  next to 
next year, that is FY '25. So this is currently the tentative plan that we have. 
Mayank Singhal: 
And on the other hand, we changed the way of the structure of formats of how we 
look at these plants with new technological capability and giving us better 
throughputs and efficiencies with the larger footprint for each plant. 
Vishnu Kumar A.S: 
Got it. And sorry, I am just looking back on the margin, should we take the guidance 
to be at probably at 23%, 24% from here on is earlier it used to be 21%, 22%. So we 
should see a step up going forward over the next couple of years to be anywhere 
between 23%, 24% or any thoughts? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, 23 to 24% is what we are currently estimating. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Congrats for good set of numbers. Sorry, again, just checking on the capex side. So 
on the -- our earlier commentary was that we will be continuously focusing on 
improvising and improving the asset turns, which we have sort of displayed over the 
last few quarters. And at the same time, the capex number is also getting decreased. 
You also suggested to invest further into the pharma production there. So from your 
thought perspective, from a sustainable growth run rate in CSM business, are we 
looking at upwards of 25% plus or maybe even higher rather than the 20% plus mark 
that you typically comment on? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
In terms of growth, we are still guiding for 20% plus growth rate on a sustainable 
basis. That's what currently we are predicting, and we are continuing with that 
guidance. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Where I was coming from was typically, it takes 3 to 4 years for a product to 
mature. And historically, we had launched newer products, which were probably 

 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
PI External 
margin negative as well as higher potential ones. So is there a faster growth coming 
in the near term there or probably it's still a medium-term thought? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, yes, a product takes 3-4 years to mature, but we have to also appreciate that 
the base is also growing. I mean, if you see last 3-4 years of growth, we have been 
growing @ 20% plus year-on-year. So the base is also high and therefore, we are 
guiding for 20% plus kind of growth rate on a sustainable basis. Although there are 
opportunities but there are also uncertainties around the global supply chain and 
hence we are a bit cautious in guiding growth. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And just second bit on the domestic side. One, if you can comment how the 
branded or the newer launch products are doing in terms of growth rate versus the 
just likely older portfolio? And secondly, your comment on the channel inventory, is 
it largely done or probably it will take some more quarters to settle? 
Prashant Hegde: 
So as you rightly said, yes, the channel inventory because of lower-than-expected 
uptake in Kharif season, so -- due to adverse weather conditions, the higher channel 
inventory build-up. However, it is being consumed. So that is a good trend, I can say. 
The overall growth is subdued, but growth has come from newer products. However, 
the generic products have suffered. So that is why overall growth is subdued. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Sorry, just a clarification. So on the channel inventory, so Q4 should be a 
normal quarter? 
Prashant Hegde: 
It's a very good question, but let me also tell you, Q4 is not a major consumption 
period. Industry usually prepare for Kharif through preplacement effort. Hence, there 
is always a limitation on growth purely from the consumption point of view. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So can you talk about the AWKIRA performance in the Rabi season? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We normally do not talk about specific product performance as you know. But 
generally, as Prashant indicated, all the new products that we have introduced in the 
last couple of years, have been very well accepted by the farmer. The growth year-
on-year has also been very good. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And the second question is other expense, is there any forex gain and freight 
cost is also lower in this quarter, Y-o-Y? 

 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
PI External 
 Manikantan Viswanathan: Yes, freight costs were lower basically this quarter. You are right. And on the 
forex, there are no major gains in the other. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And what is the tax rate for FY '24-'25 Kharif? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Sorry, can you repeat please? 
Sumant Kumar: 
Tax rate for '24-'25. 
Manikantan Viswanathan: It's too early to predict for '24-'25, my dear friend. We can give guidance in the 
next quarter on '24-'25 tax rate. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
S. Ramesh: 
So if you look at your domestic business on the kind of base you have this year, 
including the weak base in the third quarter, would you be able to do double-digit 
growth in FY '24? What is your expectation considering the kind of launches you 
have done this year? 
Prashant Hegde: 
So yes, based on the launches we had in the last 2 years, definitely double-digit 
growth is what we are expecting. 
S. Ramesh: 
And would that help you improve your margins as well given that FY '24 should be a 
more normalized year in terms of at least the inventory or and with the input costs 
coming down and the freight costs coming down, will that give you some increase in 
pricing power and margins? 
Atul Gupta: 
Yes. So as I said earlier as well, as we start scaling up the new products, definitely, 
margins in new products are better. And definitely, it will improve overall margins for 
sure.. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. Now on the CSM, when you look at the capex plan, it's about INR 1,200 crore 
over 2 years. So how much of this is to increase your capacities and synthesis 
capabilities for the increase in the order book by about $200 million between first 
quarter and the second quarter? And how much of it is to build your capabilities to 
get the normal business as well as to bid for new orders? Can you give us some 
indication of that? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, I'm not too sure on several elements of your question, but let me try. So yes, 
with these investments in last 2 years or even next year, including that will surely add 
to capacity to the tune of 25% to 28%. And apart from this, as we have been guiding 

 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
PI External 
for last few quarters that we are also working on improving efficiencies of our existing 
facilities, multiproduct plants and improving throughput.  
Last year, we improved throughput by more than 12% to 15% this year, also close 
to 10%, 12%. So apart from fresh investments in capacity expansion, we are also 
improving with technological improvement, the plant throughput of the existing 
capacity. And all this is certainly helping us increase capacity utilization and also 
improve capital efficiency, which is also clearly reflected in the numbers that are 
there. And being a capital-intensive business, our whole objective is to keep 
improving capital efficiency. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes, understood. So what I was trying to understand was in terms of the increase in 
the order book, is any part of this capex intended to enhance your capacity to be in 
a position to deliver the increased order book? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. I mean a part of capacity expansion is certainly towards this increase in order 
book position. And also some part of this expansion is towards many new products 
that are also coming through the R&D pipeline and commercialization of those. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. Just one housekeeping question. Can you give us some insight into how the 
other income has gone up and how the interest expense has gone up? 
Manikantan Viswanathan: Basically, you are aware, there was an increase in rate of SOFR.. And also the 
exchange rate was also there, both together has increased the overall interest 
expenses. 
S. Ramesh: 
And on the other income? 
Manikantan Viswanathan: On the other income, what's the specific question? Other income is foreign 
exchange gain and interest income.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. A couple of questions. First is on -- you 
had mentioned that there has been a significant surge in inquiries in non-agri product 
by roughly 25%. I understand that right now the revenue contribution from non-agro 
and non-pharma is still very less. So just wanted to understand when we talk about 
that continuous increase in inquiries, how well we are leveraged to use these 
capabilities -- use our capabilities and scaling of the revenues from this segment, 
where you see that over the next 2 to 3 years business can be from non-agro, non-
pharma? 

 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
PI External 
Atul Gupta: 
Yes. Basically, these products that we're seeing in non-agro area, they have got a 
life cycle approach and right away from the labs to scale up and commercial scale, 
there is a gestation period for these molecules to scale. And we foresee that many 
of them will fructify over a period of time in terms of meaningful revenue from non-
agro and non-pharma. 
Rohan Gupta: 
In terms of like 3 to 4 years where we see this business panning? And will we be 
using our existing set of plant machines only for the product development here or we 
need to have a fresh capex to capture the growth there? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. at commercial scale, broadly the existing multiproduct plants are being used till 
the time the volumes go up to a scale where you need a dedicated plant. As the 
development stage, most of the existing setup is what is getting leveraged. But yes, 
there are certain specific quality-related requirement for such different specialty 
chemical areas for which we have already augmented our set ups in R&D and 
making further investments in FY '24. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Further, I still did not get what is your plan in 3 to 4 years any guidance? Any target 
which the management is set for the coming 3, 4 years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Rohan, our aspiration of getting non-agchem contribution to close to 20-odd per cent 
in the next 4-5 years. This is what we have also guided in the past. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Okay. So as of now, so the revenue guidance which you are having is still 
maintaining 20%. I believe that we are still relying on agrochemical product only. And 
even in agro also, we had that one product contribute significantly to our exports, 
almost 50% of the volumes coming from the one single product. So do we see that 
there is a risk in terms of our export revenues -- sorry, our CSM revenues and the 
20% growth guidance which you're talking about, if you are not able to scale up the 
other products? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Not really. So I'm not too sure about the percentage you mentioned, but there are 3-
4 points to keep in mind here. One that every year, we are commercializing 5 to 6 
new products, Today, if you look at our CSM export portfolio, there are 27-28 
products; and in the last question, we mentioned that 4- 5 products from non-agchem 
are already at commercial scale. Next year, we are commercializing 4, 5 non-
agchem products. So you see these many numbers of new product launches as well 
as non-agchem products. The diversified portfolio is already there. It is no more 
dependent on 1 or 2 molecules. That is one aspect. 

 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
PI External 
The second point is that even on the domestic side as well, many new products are 
getting launched. So if you look at the company level, blended level, the portfolio 
diversification is there and in terms of broadening the product portfolio, even on the 
domestic side beyond agchem, we are getting into biological -  with a large range of 
products already in play and many of them are at the development stages at different 
levels.  
So this is how the product portfolio is getting diversified and this is certainly not a 
scenario of dependence on one product. The CSM export model with 15-16 
customers and  27-28 products with another 35-40 products at R&D scale from 10-
12 new customers will only broad-based this structure. Of course, each product will 
have its own life cycle and at different points in time, different products will peak. So 
in the next 3-5 years, the scenario will be completely different. 
Rohan Gupta: 
On pharma side, we have seen that in last 1 year, the profitability of many pharma 
companies have been impacted and so as the valuations of these companies has 
also been impacted. We have been very value cautious, and I think that was also 
one of the deterrent that we were not able to back some good deal as far as the 
inorganic growth ambitions are concerned. Do you see that in last 1 year with the 
moderation and the valuation across the pharma companies? We are now more 
closer and the chances have increased significantly that we have any value deal in 
pharma, and we can hear something soon. If you can just give some more idea about 
that. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. we are currently at an advanced stage of negotiations of a few of these 
opportunities and at an appropriate time, we will let the investors and markets know 
of it. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset Management. 
Noel Vaz: 
My questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla Mutual 
Fund. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Firstly, just a follow-up on the previous question. 
On the CSM business, the number of commercials which we did last year and this 
year in looking at the historical run rate, it seems really higher. So firstly, on the 
growth guidance, if I look at the commercial numbers versus the growth guidance, 
do you see the guidance which we are giving is slightly conservative, looking at the 

 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
PI External 
number of launches? And secondly on this, any of these commercials can it become 
a sizable in the next 3 to 4 years? Can it become to a similar size of your existing top 
2, 3 products? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
It would be helpful if you can please repeat your question. 
Naushad Chaudhary: So the first piece of question was in terms of your commercials in the CSM business 
last year and this year has been slightly higher than our historical run rate. So going 
by the numbers of commercial, would it be fair to assume your growth guidance of 
20% is slightly conservative? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I will not say conservative. But yes, this is a guidance we are very confident of, We 
always remain cautious of the global markets and we are seeing the kind of swings, 
which are happening in the global market, whether it is European markets or 
American markets and many other challenges in the global supply chain. So we have 
to be mindful of these uncertainties and we always try and give a guidance with which 
we are very confident. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. And secondly, on this, from your new product basket, can we see any or a few 
of them can be a sizable or similar to our existing top 2, 3 products in next 2 to 3 
years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. When we decide to work on a molecule for our development for the domestic 
market or for export, we always screen those molecules on these parameters. And 
many of these molecules are for multi crop/pest segments and wider geographies 
and therefore, they have the potential to be a sizable molecule. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just to clarify regarding the capex footprint, the asset footprint we have at this time. 
So we've mentioned in the presentation, we have 15 multipurpose plants. Are there 
certain dedicated plants also that are part of our infrastructure right now within these 
15 or excluding them? And then these 2 new plants that we are talking about over 
the next 2 years, are these primarily for the newer molecules that are getting 
commercialized? Or is there also some capacity expansion for the existing major 
products that we have? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. out of the 15, there are 3 or 4 dedicated plants for which we have long-term 
contracts and volumes which are pretty high. For the next 2 plants, there are many 
new products that are getting scheduled there for commercialization. And again, 

 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
PI External 
these are all fungible plants. So as the volumes of even existing products grow, we 
keep switching capacities from one to the other plant in order to meet the customer 
requirements and all.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Can you comment on the inventory situation in our key export market? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
You said inventory position? 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. How is the channel inventory in our key export market? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, there is a mix kind of scenario. It varies from product to product, market to 
market. So in a few markets, yes, there is some sort of inventory pile up. But in 
others, we are seeing also a scenario where there are challenges on supply and 
product availability on time as well. So there is a mixed scenario. 
Mayank Singhal: 
To put it in a summary, we go with the uncertainty in China, and definitely the generic 
are facing the pressure of this build-up at a global level, both the inventories because 
they were secure in that on the other hand, supply is opening up. So that's going to 
be under pressure in a generic play, yes. And that's the indicators, especially in the 
latin part of the world and in certain markets. So inventories are as a matter of fact, 
yes, there will be certain challenges for some of these areas in the coming year. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. That's helpful. But sir, if you can just specifically talk about how is the inventory 
situation in North America, South America and Europe? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, these are very well captured in global reports. If you see at a general level, yes, 
there are inventory build-up, but as the seasons progress well, they should be 
aligned, in America and Europe. And I can't say how inventory cycles will run, 
whether this could change we don’t know what happens in the next 6 months, but 
from a channel point of view and from a logistics point of view there could be 
challenges, in the coming year.  
Rajnish Sarna: 
But fortunately, for the kind of product that we are dealing in, we have not yet seen 
those kind of alarms. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Okay. My final question is, typically, in agrochemicals patented products. So as 
compared to the total ASP of the product, what proportion is the active ingredient? 
Mayank Singhal: 
What do you mean, I mean in terms of proportion of the active ingredients? 

 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
PI External 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. So for them, if the product is selling at, say, $10, what would be the cost of 
active ingredient for a patented agrochem? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, there is no standard formula my friend. If you look at the API world, there is no 
standard formula because cost is very different from the selling price. Selling price is 
determined by the affordability of the farmer and the value proposition to the farmer 
and what goes behind technologies. So it is not just the cost of raw materials, which 
are driving the cost of sales. There's also investments which companies have made 
over the last 10, 15 years, a little bit different by different products. It could be $200 
million to $7-800 million. So that is not a cost which comes in cost of goods. So 
depending on which lens you look at it. Today, if you are registering one product in 
one geography there is a cost; if you are registering multiple crops/pests/ 
formulations, the investment is completely different. If the registration is for 
herbicides there is a different requirement for toxicology and the requirements for 
fungicides are different.  
So the cost of goods is not the only factor to decide the selling price of the goods if I 
was to put that very clearly. There are other costs, which may not be visible on the 
base. I hope that answers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
My question is on the pharma business plan that we have. Like in agro, after 
predominantly our entire businesses is on different products. In pharma, when you're 
looking for acquisitions, are we looking for purely patented products, like patented in 
CDMO or are you looking at generic CDMO also? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, let me answer this. I think when we look at the custom synthesis & 
manufacturing business, it is a service which we provide in research, development 
and manufacturing, products obviously form a part of that. When you look at the 
domestic business, it's purely products, yes, and crop solutions. When you look at 
the pharma business, we are obviously eventually manufacturing the products, but 
again, we intend to start with the service in the CRO/CDMO model. Yes, it's coming 
into products; if we look at manufacturing some of those large cases then they 
become products.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
I get your line, but is our -- so we are agnostic to whether it's a generic or a period 
product as well as pharma is concerned? 

 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
PI External 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, there will not much of a CRO or CDMO work in generics, but it will be more 
innovators pipe, that's where we will be focusing. When we look at CRO or CDMO, 
which has started the innovator side where we work with the innovator at an early 
stage and take it to commercial because of the regulatory framework. The generics 
will be a value add in certain select products if we are able to create some 
differentiated proposition for our customers with our chemistry capabilities.. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
In your 9 months for the export business, you mentioned favourable product mix. 
Yes. So in the exports business, you mentioned that for the 9 months, the product 
mix and currency is about 12% contribution. I just wanted to understand what we 
understand is, that in the CSM business or the exports business, the price increase 
would largely be due to an RM price increase because that gets passed through is 
what our understanding is. And if that happens, generally the gross margin should 
decline because your per Kg margin remains broadly the same because you work 
on a contribution basis. But your gross margins are still improving or still steady. So 
just wanted to understand, is there some change in the structure? And on currency, 
that also largely is a pass-through, if I'm not wrong, and in your contract. So does 
the currency always benefiting in your revenue? Does it also benefit in your EBITDA? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. Just to explain, first of all, this notion is not correct that there is a per kg fixed or 
something. That is not the kind of business we are in. Yes, we work on a model 
where there is transparency on raw material costs, currency movements and 
conversion costs and any increase or benefits are shared with our partners.  
So yes, in the last 1-1.5 years, there is a significant increase in the input cost both in 
terms of raw material prices and other inputs like fuel, etc. The benefit that you are 
seeing reflecting in our numbers is, as I explained to the earlier participant also, is 
mainly coming from improved product mix as we have commercialized more than 
10-12 products in last 2.5 years. So product mix is improved. The contribution of 
some of the existing products, which was different, say, last couple of years versus 
this year. So overall product mix change is favourable for us. That is one. 
Secondly, the operating leverage benefit is also kicking in for us. This scenario was 
obviously different a few years back when the capacities were underutilized. But yes, 
this year, those benefits are kicking in for us. And that is what is reflecting in these 
numbers.  

 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
PI External 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Understood. On EBITDA basis, I understand the operating leverage benefit. But 
even on the contribution margin where it is largely RM, if I'm not wrong, where it's a 
transparent model. So you get to retain a decent part of the -- it seems the efficiency 
gains or the benefit from higher volumes. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. So that comes from product mix. Because if you look at the contribution level, 
only 1-odd-percent is the improvement and that is coming from the favourable 
product mix. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So it's primarily the product mix, which is helping us maintain our gross margins. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as a last question. I now hand the floor back to 
the management for closing comments. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Thank you for joining us on this call, and we look forward to a successful year and 
thanks for all your support to PI. Good evening. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
