 
NCC Limited 
(Formerly Nagarjuna Construction company Limited) 
CIL: L72200TG1990PLC011146 
NCC House, Madhapur, Hyderabad 500 081   T +91 40 2326 8888   F +91 40 23125555    ncclimited.com 
 
Ref. No.: NCCL/ Regulation 30/2023  
Date      :   February  15, 2023  
  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
MUMBAI  - 400 051.  
Symbol:  NCC  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street,    
Fort   
M U M B A I – 400 001.   
Code: 500294  
  
  
Dear Sir(s),  
  
Sub:   Submission of Transcript of the conference call under Regulation 30&46 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015  
  
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call that took place 
virtually on  February 9, 2023 with analysts discussing the performance & financial results of 
Q3 of the F.Y. 2022-23. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at  
https://ncclimited.com/analyst-column.html 
 
The Transcript includes list of management attendees and the Q&A’s, any assents/dissents 
and open points. 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the 
earnings call. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
  
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully   
For NCC LIMITED.  
  
 
M V Srinivasa Murthy  
Company Secretary & EVP (Legal)   
Encl : As above  
  
 
 
Mallela Venkata 
Srinivasa Murthy
Digitally signed by Mallela 
Venkata Srinivasa Murthy 
Date: 2023.02.15 16:29:47 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“NCC Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R.S. RAJU – DIRECTOR PROJECTS – NCC 
LIMITED 
MR. P.V. VIJAY KUMAR – VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE – 
NCC LIMITED 
MR. NEERAD SHARMA – HEAD STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – NCC LIMITED 
MR. K. DURGA PRASAD - GENERAL MANAGER 
FINANCE – NCC LIMITED 
MR. S.M. RAJU – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – NCC LIMITED 
MR. P. SURENDER RAO – ASSISTANT GENERAL 
MANAGER FINANCE – NCC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHISH SHAH – CENTRUM BROKING 
 
 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the NCC Limited, Q3 FY '23 Results and 
Future Outlook Discussion, hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Shah from Centrum Broking. Thank you. Over to 
you sir. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes. Thank you, Darwin. On behalf of Centrum Broking, I welcome everybody to the NCC 
Limited to Q3 FY '23 results conference call. Today we have from the management, Shri. R. S. 
Raju, Director, Projects, Shri. A. Vishnu Varma, Director, Projects, Shri. P. V. Vijay Kumar, 
Vice President, Finance, Shri. Neerad Sharma, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, Shri. M. 
Srinivasa Rao, Chief General Manager, Finance and Accounts, Shri. K. Durga Prasad, General 
Manager, Finance, Shri. SMVSR Raju, Deputy General Manager, Finance and Accounts, and 
Shri. P. Surender Rao, Assistant General Manager, Finance. 
So I'll hand it over to the management for the opening remarks and after, which we'll have a 
Q&A session, over to you sir. Thank you. 
P.V. Vijay Kumar: 
Good morning everyone. This is Vijay Kumar, Vice President, Finance. I welcome everyone to 
the NCC Q3 FY 2023 earnings investor call. I thank each one of you for taking time to attend 
this. Before we start, I'll read out disclaimer and then we shall go into the subject. The statements 
made here or in the presentations uploaded by the company are to our best of knowledge are true 
and any forward-looking statements are subject to certain factors beyond control of the Company 
Officials and Management, and hence the audience are advised to use their discretion in their 
own analysis accordingly. 
Now, we shall go into taking the performance of the company for this Q3 into account. I'll briefly 
start with opening remarks followed by Q&A. I have my colleagues Mr. Subba Raju, Director; 
Mr.Neerad, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, Mr. Durga Prasad, GM, Finance, SMVSR 
Raju, DGM, Finance and Accounts, and Mr. Surender Rao, AGM, Finance present in the call, 
who will take your questions. Considering time limitation, we  request the audience to limit to 
one or two questions, so that everyone gets an opportunity within the given limited time. 
Let us start now. I think I'll start with the opening remarks. We are in a peculiar situation in the 
economic history now. The periods in the economies are like we are seeing them now after 
several years or decades of gap in their own way they are structured. It all started with the 
pandemic induced contraction of the global output followed by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict 
leading to a worldwide surge in inflation.  
The central banks across economies led by the Federal Reserve responded by a synchronized 
policy rate hike to curb inflation. The rate hike by the US Federal drove capital into the US 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
market causing the US dollar to appreciate against most currencies. This led to the widening 
current account deficit and increased inflation pressures on the net importing economies like us. 
The rate hike and persistent inflation has led to the lowering of global growth forecasts for 2022 
and 2023 by the IMF in its October 2002 update of World Economic Outlook. 
Added to these problems of Chinese economy further contributed to weakening of the growth 
forecast with inflation persisting in advanced economies and the Central Bank's hinting at further 
rate hikes, downside risks to the global economic outlook appear elevated. However, despite all 
these issues, agencies worldwide continue to project India as the fastest growing in major 
economy at 6.5% to 7% in FY 2023. So this optimistic growth forecast stem in part from the 
resilience of the Indian economy seen in the rebound of private consumption seamlessly 
replacing the export stimuli as the leading driven growth. The uptick in private consumption has 
also given a boost in production activity resulting in an increase in capacity utilization across 
sectors.  
Internally, almost all economies are showing certain pain points in a major or minor way in a 
peculiar situation arising after COVID, coupled with global tensions causing supply chain 
disruptions. During these peculiar troubled times, India has shown its resilience in bouncing 
back. If you observe, main drivers of Indian economy is top by infrastructure construction 
spending, followed by consumer spending, which is since picking up thanks to the cost-cutting 
effect of government spending and include capex program across the states.  
Total investment infrastructure is planned to be around like 4.5%, 4.7% of GDP. So this is very 
well for the industry as a whole. In 2022-'23, the states also have budgeted an increase in capital 
outlay by 38%. So as per RBI report, Union Budget 2023 capital investment has also increased 
by 33% to INR 10 lack crores. So this is pertinent to note that at this level of spending, our 
nominal GDP will be at the rate of 10.2% growth. And companies like NCC, which are into 
multi-fold operations like buildings, water, electricity, road, mining and all, they are so well 
positioned to capture all the opportunities that are happening in the various segments of 
infrastructure in India.  
So NCC will be the book size of INR 41,862 crores of order book of all these segments remain 
as one of the spearheading companies in construction segment. I am coming to my last part of 
briefing. We remain bullish over economy considering infrastructure spend driven growth. The 
Indian economy will grow at average nominal growth in double digits from 2022-2030. The high 
investment rate which matches some of the peaks of earlier years continue to be supported by 
capex of central government.  
I now pass on this to my colleague Mr. Subba Raju, Director, to bring out salient features of our 
financial performance to you. As I said, please consider a chance to address to and choose and 
limit your questions without repetitions. 
Subba Raju: 
Thank you Mr. Vijay Kumar. Good morning to all of you. First I take to you, first, order books, 
thereafter consol Company Performance and thereafter, Standalone Performance and thereafter 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
I briefly touch about the Balance Sheet items, but I restrict to the some of important points and 
thereafter if anything you people require through question answers we clarify those items.  
So if we come to the Order Book In the current quarter, the company secured about INR  5033  
crores and further in January month also the company secured INR  1754 crores. So the total 
orders for the nine months period we take about INR 12,612 crores. So if you take up to January 
'23, the total orders so far secured by the company INR 14,367 crores. So we have about L1                                
orders INR 3,000 crores as on date. So we show that in the current nine month period the order 
booking is relatively better than the previous years.  
Now the order book with all these  stands at INR 41,862 crores. So if we come to the performance 
of the company, on a consol level has reported a turnover of INR 3,904 crores against INR 3,033 
crores increase of 29%. In the earlier quarters you might have observed about the growth is about  
40% is there and now the growth for the third quarter reported as 29%. The gross profit margins 
in terms of absolute terms increased from INR 464 crores to INR 626 crores a growth of 35% in 
terms of gross profit margin percentage it has come down from 16.27% to 15.38% further the 
reasons already we explained in the first two quarters because of the material input prices 
compared to the previous year there is an increase happened, but softening is happening from 
the second quarter onwards, but compared to the previous year nine months, still the prices the 
commodity input prices are still higher than the prices what prevailed in the first nine months of 
the previous year as a result the margins impact is there. 
Now comes to the EBITDA, increased from INR 276 crores to INR 376 crores, but in terms of 
percentage there is also increase in the EBITDA from 9.11% to 9.64%, a 0.53% increase 
happened at EBITDA. Coming back to the PAT, there is a significant improvement happened in 
the PAT level about more than 100% jump from INR 76.42 crores to INR 157.70 crores. In 
terms of percentage, the net profit is increased from 2.52% to 4.04%. And comes to the EPS, 
also there is almost a double increase happened from 1.3x to 2.5x. 
This is about the Q3. on a year-on-year basis and slightly I mentioned about the quarter-on-
quarter, if you take the quarter-on-quarter there is an increase in the revenue by 15% from INR 
3,405 crores to INR 3,904 crores and gross profit also increased from INR 518 crores to INR 
626 crores, a 21% increase. And EBITDA also increased from INR 310 crores to INR 376 crores 
and in terms of percentage from 9.11% to 9.64%. PAT increased from INR 131 crores to INR 
157.70 crores about 20% growth. In terms of percentage from 3.8% to 4%. So this is about the 
third quarter performance relating to the year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.  
Now coming back to the nine months comparison, performance of the nine months performance 
comparing with the same corresponding period of the previous year. The revenue increased from 
INR 7,017 crores to INR 10,660 crores, about 38% growth. And gross profit increased from 
INR1,260 crores to INR 1,645 crores, 30% growth, but the gross profit declined from 16.47% 
to 15.66% the same reasons what I explained just now. EBITDA increased from INR 754 crores 
to INR 994 crores. EBITDA percentage there is a decline from 9.84% to 9.43%. So nine months 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
are concerned, but third quarter concern some increase happened. PAT increased from INR 240 
crores to INR 418 crores about 74% increase in the nine months operations. In terms of 
percentage it is increased from 3.12% to 3.9%. EPS also increased from INR 3.9 to INR 6.7.  
So this is the console company performance and within the console company there are two to 
three group companies are there  and standalone and before going to the standalone, I will touch 
briefly about the other companies performance. Now all group companies together reported a 
turnover of INR 534 crores against INR 309 crores an 88% jump in the group companies 
turnover also. And the PAT reported is INR 8.04 crores against a loss of INR 14.55 crores in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year, in which there are two companies primarily reporting 
the turnover. 
One is, the MDO coal mining project, a subsidiary company called as Pachhwara Coal Mining 
Private Limited, which reported a turnover of INR 468 Crores in this quarter against INR 249 
Crores of the corresponding quarter of the previous year. NCC Urban reported INR 66 Crores 
against INR 89 Crores. There is a decline happened in the turnover for Urban in this quarter. OB  
Infra , of course it is an annuity payment more or less similar for all the quarters INR 14.31 
crores now against INR 13.75 crores Similarly the PAT of these group companies PCM PL 
reported INR 13.86 crores against INR 7.3 crores of the last year NCC urban reported INR 9.8 
crores against INR 8 crores and OB Infra reported 3.16 crores against 5.32 crores  
This is about the group primarily these three companies in terms of turnover and the profit. Now 
we coming back to our standalone. The first one is, third quarter performance. In third quarter 
the revenue of standalone increased from INR 2,724 crores to INR 3,370 crores, an increase of 
24% and gross profit an increase of 28% from INR 463 crores to INR 587 crores.. Gross profit 
also increase happened from 17.13% to 17.73%. So the EBITDA increase happened from INR 
293 crores to INR 349 crores, a growth of 19%. In terms of percentage, decline is happened 
EBITDA from 10.93% to 10.53% PAT increased from INR 91 crores to INR 150 crores a 65% 
growth in the PAT. So in terms of percentage it is increased from 3.34% to 4.45% and EPS from 
INR 1.49 to INR 2.41. So this is about the performance of  third quarter.  
In the third quarter, all the costs already about direct cost I explained in terms of gross profit 
margin. Only the two elements which are interesting to note here is about interest cost. In this 
quarter the interest cost reported INR 137 crores against INR   116 crores for the corresponding 
quarter of the year. For this the reason is primarily increase in the debt level that is one and the 
other one is the increase in borrowing cost. it is a it has a little impact on borrowing cost as you 
know that like this is happening in the borrowing cost for all the companies. But in terms of 
percentage, it is declined from 4.27% to 4.1% because of increase in the volume of the 
operations. In administrative cost also this time we have seen some steep increase happen. It is 
because of the some donations given by the company.  

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Now employee cost in terms of percentage has slightly has come down in terms of percentage. 
Of course in terms of absolute always when the activity is going on the headcount and other 
things, but as far as operating, [inaudible 0:18:30] have declined compared to the previous year.  
Now quarter-on-quarter, this immediate quarter comparison, the revenue increased from INR 
3,037 crores to INR 3,370 crores from the second quarter to third quarter,. The gross profit 
margins increased from INR 463 crores to INR 575 crores, about 24% increase. Gross profit 
margin increased from 16.09% to 17.73%. EBITDA increased from INR 293 crores to INR 349 
crores, about 19% growth from the immediate previous quarter. 
EBITDA in terms of percentage also there is an increase from 9.61% to 10.53% and increases 
from INR 122 crores of the previous quarter to INR 150 crores in the third quarter, about 23% 
increase. So in terms of percentage increase happens from 4.01% to 4.45%. This is about the 
three months performance and nine months, just I'll touch nine months performance. in a broader 
line. The revenue increased from INR 6,859 crores to INR 9,396 crores about 37% growth. 
Similarly in the gross profit a 28% increase has happened, in EBITDA 26% increase has 
happened and in the PAT 59% increase happened. EPS rose to INR 6.3 from INR 4.05. So that 
is the nine months performance and the important the balance sheet items come to the debt.  
So in this third quarter, the debt has come down from INR 1,985 crores to INR 1,946 crores a 
decline of INR 39 crores. So you observe that in the last two quarters there is a steep increase 
what's happened in the debt. For that one there is a good reason. There is a big jump is happening 
in the activities. Earlier it was a INR 10,000 crores company in the previous year, but now a 
30% growth is anticipated and 40% increase in the volume of the activities increased in the first 
two quarters as a result the resources like working capital also increased, but not in the 
proportionate level. 
So as a result the debt level increased in the first two quarters, but in the third quarter, decline 
started. Decline happened about INR 39 crores. And going forward, we expect that the debt 
further decline in the fourth quarter by about INR 200 crores to INR 300 crores. It must have 
INR 1,600 crores to INR 1,700 crores by March '23.  
In group companies also, there is no debt. Almost all the companies have become debt-free. So 
bearing INR  5 crores debt is there in the NCC Urban Company. So the same level what we 
earned this time over the same level is in the group company's debt.  
And coming to the capex and in the first two quarters also you have seen there is a significant 
increase in the capex. It indicates how the activity is increasing in the company. On par with the 
increase in the activity, the capex is also increasing. In this third quarter also the company spend 
INR 95 crores for the capex together for the nine months period the capex was INR 243 crores 
so in Q4 the expected capex would be around INR 30 crores to INR 40 crores it may not be the 
same level so it may be around INR 30 crores to INR 40 crores.  

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So the investment properties one item is the balance sheet has come down from INR 263 crores 
to INR 230 crores about INR 33 crores decline in the nine months, but in third quarters a decline 
is happened by about INR 16 crores.  
So come to the trade receivables so come down from INR 2,792 crores to INR 2,675 crores by 
INR 117 crores despite the increase in the volume despite the increase in the revenues for 
turnover, but the trade rates which still stands on almost the same level without any increase. It 
indicates how the collections of the company in this quarter as well as in the first two quarters 
The debt collection period has come down from 97 to 91 days in nine months.  
Investments. There is no change in investments in the nine months period or the third quarter. 
But come to the loans, the loan figure has come down from INR 401 crores to INR 391 crores 
in the nine months period. In some of the small companies have repaid the loans like NCC Urban 
and NCC International Services Omen, in little. But the major part we are supposed to get is 
from the NCC Vizag Urban that is first we are supposed to get the sale consideration and what 
we are supposed to get the sale consideration in December quarter, we have not received that 
one, December quarter. That's the defer by another one or two months so that we expect to 
receive in this quarter, what our trends are supposed to get by December '22.  
Now, come to the other income and you might have seen there is an increase happening in the 
other income. The increase primarily on account of the sale of one land property happened in 
the third quarter. It represents about INR 18 crores and also same time sale of these flats, the 
already developed properties are there with NCC. So that represents about INR 11 crores, 
together INR 29 crores is the part of the other income. The interest income is about INR 17 
crores and also dividend income of INR 6 crores and the miscellaneous income is INR 5.4 crores, 
altogether about INR 57 crores what we refer to as the third quarter. So the major element is 
profit on sale of the land and as well as the other flats.  
Coming to the AP projects, the amount collected in Q3 from AP clients and capital city project 
is about 122 crores.. The total current year assets come down of AP projects, now that some 
projects which are moving slowly and some projects particularly the Capital City projects there 
is no movement. But all projects together in the current nine months period, so I am in the subject 
AP projects. So in the AP projects some improvement happened in the collections in the nine 
months period of the current area. 
As a result, the outstanding current assets including the trade receivables, work-in-progress and 
other monies have come down. And in the nine months period, about INR 325 crores amount 
we have realised . As a result, the amount has come down by INR 325 crores. So there are two 
parts. One is running projects and another one is struct projects. The running projects, about INR 
170 crores or so, collections have happened from that of March '22 and in the   stuck projects, 
the amount outstanding, the net amount outstanding has come down from INR 165 crores to INR 
164 crores after adjusting the mobilization advance.  

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
So you are more to other aspects like material cost, working capital, other things as and when 
you people ask the questions we will clarify. So with this our remarks end and you can start 
about your questions and to answer by a team of people are available here and they answer the 
appropriate things to the questions.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from DAM Capital. 
Mohit Kumar; 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the improvement in the 
margins to happen Q-o-Q. Do you think this can sustain over next two years -- for the next 
quarter and the FY '24 given the decline in commodity prices? That's the first question.  
The second question is on the revenue guidance. I think we're given 30% growth outlook for FY 
'23. Do we maintain that?  
Subba Raju: 
So your question is about the margins and another one is about the revenue guidance. The second 
one, first I will answer about the revenues. So whatever we know, we indicated in the previous 
calls also 30% to our internal. So 30% is maintainable and it is achievable by the year end, 30% 
growth.  
As far as margins are concerned, there is a decline happening in the first quarter and also in the 
fourth quarter of the last year. But now there is steady increase happening in the margins. It is 
along with the softening of the metal commodity prices happening in the market. So in the fourth 
quarter also we expect another 10 to 20 base points improvement in the margins. 
Mohit Kumar: 
The bigger question is can you go back to our 11% margin, which you used to do earlier? 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, but the thing is, the outside market, how the market moves. But certain commodities 
moving in one direction, certain commodities are moving in other direction. That is one. And 
number two is there is also a competition in the market. Now the company taken a stand that to 
report more volumes. So when you want more volumes and you want more growth, 20% to 30% 
growth, naturally we have to compete. We have to get at a competitive price to the tenders. As 
a result, certainly 0.5% to 1% margin sacrifice would be there at the time of tendering. So all 
these things are important. But at PAT level, ultimately gross margin if there is a decline, but 
PAT level, the company is targeting to maintain 5%-plus. That is the thing. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So one more question. How much you mined in Q3 in Pachhwara? And how do you expect it to 
ramp-up over next few quarters? 
Subba Raju; 
Yes, Pachhwara is doing well. In fourth quarter also it ramp-up and it reports more than what it 
reported in third quarter. And going forward also it has good prospect to report more and more 
turnover. Here it is the Pachhwara coal mining, the rated capacity is 15 million tons a year. It is 
already touching, now touching in this month and in next year it is supposed to produce 15 
million tons. So once 15 million tons reached, there after the turnout in a steady manner, except 
any escalation and other things. So in the next year, the company reports the rated capacity 15 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
million tons. It has geared up to produce coal to such an extent only from the client's side. The 
client also provides everything, then the company has no problem to produce 50 million tons of 
coal every year. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, before asking the question, a humble request, if you can reduce the time for your opening 
remarks and allow more questions from the participants. It would be a great, that's a simple 
humble request. My question is in terms of the order inflow, you mentioned that we are L1 in 
INR 3000 crores. So if I add that then INR 17,400 crores order inflow is there. So how much 
more we can look at in this quarter and what about the next year? Can the similar kind of 
performance INR 15,000 crores, INR 18,000 crores inflow is possible? So because of that, the 
related thing is that in terms of the revenue growth, definitely this year we will be looking at 
30%. So next year, similar 15% growth on the top line front is possible? 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, now for the current year, as you said, 17,000-plus including the  L1 are there. And there 
are good possibilities to reach 20,000 crores also by March '23. As far as [inaudible 0:33:36] is 
concerned, as the company has its own strategic plans to increase the turnover year-on-year for 
which definitely the order book also increases, because the company has plans and it is 
expanding and also entering into new verticals. So next years also the similar level or a little bit 
more than the similar level also is possible. 
Shravan Shah: 
Second is a couple of data points I need sir, on the balance sheet side. So what is the gross date, 
inventory number, debtor’s number, cash balance payable, mobilization advance, unbilled 
revenue, retention money, and the group exposure? 
Management: 
 
Too many numbers. 
Subba Raju; 
That is why he asked us to reduce the opening time. Thank you for your suggestion. And some 
of the numbers we read out. And the pay receivables already explained, INR 2,675 crores. 
Unbilled revenue, INR 3,486 crores, retention money INR 1,900 crores, the debt already we 
indicated INR 1,945 crores, what are the other numbers you want? 
Shravan Shah: 
Cash balance, payable number, mobilization advance? 
Subba Raju: 
Cash balance, INR 131 crores. Margin money deposits, INR 540 crores.. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, mobilization advance last quarter, it was INR 2,006 crores. So what's the number this time? 
Subba Raju: 
 
INR 2,081. 
Shravan Shah: 
 
INR 2,081. Trade payables, sir? 
Subba Raju: 
 
INR 4618 Cr. 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Shravan Shah: 
And the group exposure in terms of the loans, you said INR 391 crores. So investment is how 
much, or you can give the total exposure in terms of the investment? 
Subba Raju: 
 
Whatever we have the same number, INR 895 crores, investments. 
Shravan Shah: 
INR 895 crores. And the last one is in terms of the order book of the -- existing order book, INR 
41,862, how much is the subsidiary mining order that is the Pachhwara mining. So I just wanted 
a standalone order book number? 
Subba Raju: 
 
INR 2,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ash Shah from Elara Capital. 
Ash Shah: 
First of all, congratulations for great set of numbers. So first of can you just give me the revenue 
breakup from different segments for this quarter? 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, you can consider these figures. Revenue for this nine month period… 
Ash Shah: 
 
Yes. 
Subba Raju: 
The buildings, INR 3,942 crores. Transportation, INR 1,565 crores. And here we reclassified the 
earlier segments or divisions. We made the buildings and the roads into buildings and 
transportation. As a result, all the works of these flyovers and metros, we have classified from 
the buildings into the transportation. To this extent, some difference would be there from that of 
the earlier numbers and current nine months numbers. And come to the water and railways, the 
revenue is INR 2,257 crores, electrical INR 787 crores, irrigation INR 248 crores, mining INR 
1,243 crores, others INR 62 crores, international INR 7 crores, Total into INR 10,102 crores. 
This is the revenues for the nine months period. 
Ash Shah: 
And one more question was on the Bangalore Metro site. There were news reports that there was 
a mishap that happened. Can you just provide some colour or if there is any inquiry or if there 
is any stoppage of work on that front? 
Neerad Sharma: 
Good morning, this is Neerad. First of all, this is a very unfortunate incident. This includes loss 
of life. This is a very, very unfortunate incident. We understand that our client has already 
appointed a couple of experts to study, analyze and come out with the possible lab tests. So as 
we speak, we are deeply engaged with the client and as and when we receive any more 
information on this subject we would be happy to share with you. 
Ash Shah: 
 
So is the work still on or has it been stopped right now? 
Neerad Sharma: 
Currently, I think nothing is going on, but they are taking a view they possibly want to change a 
couple of design points. So it will take some time, but we have no reason to believe that it won't 
move forward, but it will take some more time. 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ash Shah: 
And how much will it contribute to our existing order book, if you could just provide a brief 
number or something? 
Neerad Sharma: 
See, the total order book for these three packages are INR 2,167 crores. There are three packages 
in Bangalore Metro. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vasudev from Nuvama. 
Vasudev: 
Just two data-related points, what is the execution that we did in nine months, including the 
international orders? And if you can give the order book split segment wise? 
Subba Raju: 
 
No. Already we given... 
Neerad Sharma:  
Just now the figures have been given. 
Subba Raju: 
Nine months revenue figures we're given. If you want beyond that anything, you please ask us. 
Vasudev: 
 
So if you can give order book split based on different segments? 
Subba Raju: 
Okay. Segment-wise, and figure as of 31, March '22. INR 41,862 crores, we will give this. The 
buildings, INR 20,089 crores, transportation, INR 4,518 crores, water and railways, INR 8,814 
crores, electrical INR 3,429 crores, irrigation, INR 1,773 crores, mining INR 3,003 crores, others 
INR 229 crores, internationals INR 7 crores, totaling to INR 41,862. 
Vasudev: 
 
And sir, what is the status of our Jal Jeevan Mission project? 
Subba Raju: 
 
What is the? 
Management: 
 
Jal Jeevan Mission Project, JJMP. 
Subba Raju: 
About 25% of the execution happened for the water projects we received and gradually 
increasing quarter-on-quarter the execution. In fourth quarter also, we expect about INR 800 
crores or so, by this year-end about 35% to 40% of the value of the orders will be completed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares. 
Prem Khurana: 
Congratulations on very good set of numbers. So my question was with respect to the Vizag land 
sale. I think we were supposed to receive our payments, but we gave them an extension last 
quarter, and since then we've given them an extension one more time. So the agreement that we 
have with the buyer, does it have any end date in terms of beyond which you won't give them 
any extension? Because I think we were supposed We also received some money in September 
and there was some due in December, but in September we did not receive any money and in 
December again, I mean you said they have sought extension for another two-odd months and 
the transaction does not carry any risk because we have already received some payment of INR 
50 crores for the response receipt? 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, now in the initial first five, six months or ten months, this is a business This is a big land 
pocket and after they take out that one and they carried out the due diligence process and 
whatever the shortfalls are there, those shortfalls also from outside are taken time to complete 
those things. As a result, some delay is happening to take, to carry out the real estate process, 
what they envisaged. As a result, some delay is happening for which along with them, some part 
of that is also happening from outside. As a result, they requested us to defer the payment. So 
we defer the payment. Now, it's supposed to come by December 31, but it has not come. Now 
in this month, February month, they issued to pay that amount. And by March quarter, another 
stage we expect to get. And for this, where our delay is happening, on the delay amount they 
agreed to pay the interest. 
Prem Khurana: 
 
Even on the equity part or only on the loan? 
Subba Raju: 
Interest also. First the equity part I explained. Once equity part is cleared, then they go to the 
loan part. The loan part linked with the project performance. So the moment they start sales, out 
of the sales amount, 70% to 80% amount they put into the escrow account to clear our loan. 
There is a mechanism originally in the agreed talks. 
Prem Khurana: 
And on Andhra exposure, is it possible to share the amount of the total exposure in terms of 
order backlog and how would the split be between let's say capital, the projects that are still not 
moving for us and the orders which are going good for us now and we are realizing payments 
on a regular basis. That will be all from my side. Thank you. 
Subba Raju: 
The book of the Andhra now stands at INR 5,000 crores. Earlier about INR 18,000 crores or so 
is there now gradually has come down and we are sticking to that level only and we are not 
taking only bearing this funded projects if any funded project, particular set of government 
funding is there only selectively one or two projects we have taken and the projects whatever 
earlier taken which are under execution including the APTIDCO projects. So at bearing this 
Capital City projects, as per the projects are going but not at the speed which is supposed to go 
but at a little slower path the projects are going. So at this moment roughly about INR 5,000 
crores.  
Prem Khurana: 
How much would be Capital City in this INR 5,000-odd crores?  
Subba Raju: 
In the Capital City, now, there are no virtually, there are no, we have removed those orders, 
Capital City orders from the order book. Earlier, that INR 18,000-odd crores are there. So 
understanding this scenario, the new government, we have removed those Capital City project 
orders. Only one order is there that is MLA,  MLC quarters that we earlier we submitted 88%. 
Now they asked us to complete. That order is about some INR 50 crores to INR 100 crores will 
be there. That we are executing and they are also releasing the payments. 
Prem Khurana: 
So just one last if I may please. I think there was this announcement by the Chief Minister of the 
state Andhra, where they have decided on the Capital City now. I mean Vizag is the capital city. 
So how would that impact the pace of execution of the existing order backlog? Because now 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
they will be focused on Vizag right? I mean if it is as we have decided that we will go with 
Vizag, so how will they change the execution for us on this INR 5,000 crores number? 
Subba Raju: 
Now that was their changing of Capital City for the last two years. But Capital City at this 
moment we don't have any order related to Capital City in our order book. So Neerad Sharma 
also explained about or the AP what you are asking?  
Neerad Sharma: 
See these two incidents are not related, this shifting of new capital to Vizag was an 
announcement that was made in the past. The projects that we are doing in the AP are not related 
to Capital City projects. In the past we have removed these projects from our order book. So as 
we speak the orders that we are executing there, are all moving orders, maybe at a slower pace. 
But it has nothing to do with the Capital City project that we had taken a couple of years back. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from DAM Capital. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. So can you give us any status on the  Sembcorp arbitration?  
Subba Raju: 
Yes. Last time also we told that, now the final round of the arbitration, now they scheduled in 
February month. So in February month, the final round of hearings will be completed and we 
expect the final outcome by May or June. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
May or June next year. And the process that we are expecting are somewhere around INR 600 
crores, INR 700 crores?  
Subba Raju: 
That too depends upon the outcome. We have the positive feeling on that one, since we have the 
good grounds, we have some good merit points.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So then, have you started the execution at Malad Sewage Treatment Plant? 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, started. All the mobilization works and other planning, design, form all these procedures, 
license approvals, all the works are going on. Physical work may take another one month or so. 
Neerad Sharma: 
There is lot of design and engineering involved in the project of this complexity. So currently 
the project is in that stage. Once that hurdle is crossed then the question comes of really starting 
the construction. That will take couple of months time.  
Nikhil Abhyankar; 
And just a final question, sir. Of the 150-odd billion order inflows that we have received, around 
95 billion has been from the water segment. So do you see the trend continuing this year and as 
well as the next year given that the JJM capital outlay has remained the same for next year? 
Neerad Sharma: 
You are talking about the Jal Jeevan Mission, right? So, currently we see very healthy order 
pipeline in J. J. Mission. There are a lot of projects who have identified villages, they are doing 
the preparatory work required and the order pipeline is very healthy. But as you are aware we 
have already very good exposure to JJM. So we look at the projects carefully where these 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
projects are coming, how is client really and to roll those projects out and accordingly we decide 
to bid. But the order pipeline continues to be very healthy.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Just a final question sir, I am based out on the inventory, the quantum of inventory as of 
December '22, can you just give that?  
Subba Raju: 
 
INR 916 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from Centrum Broking. 
Ashish Shah: 
Sir, first question is on the donation part which you mentioned. Could you quantify how much 
was that amount in the third quarter and what was the nature of this donation? 
Subba Raju: 
Those things, okay, those details, so I can't say. The amount is about to total several millions is 
there, maybe around INR 32 crores to INR 40 crores. 
Ashish Shah: 
Secondly, there is also a note which mentions the survey operations of the income tax in the last 
quarter. So, any update that you would like to share on what has been the further development 
on that aspect? 
Subba Raju: 
As now they come in the month of November '22, so now there is so many irregularities so 
happen in the market to the new GST Act comes. So in the GST certain irregularities have 
happened and certain vendors have done some game play with the GST. As a result to the 
suppliers we have standard services and supplies. Down the level, so many small, small supplies 
are there and based on the last two years, certain irregularities taken place at our vendors and so 
as a result of the DGCA, the GST Department also conducted a survey of this information and 
we have provided information and other things.  
But here is the thing to be noted here is, as per the GST Act provisions, if the vendors fail to 
comply with the GST provisions, if they fail to discharge their GST liability, ultimately the 
recipient is also responsible to pay the GST liability. As a result, I am the end user, so the 
Department has come to us, whatever input as credit they are mentioning their bills, since they 
have not discharged their GST, so don't take that input as credit into your books of accounts, 
you are not eligible to use that input as credit. Like that, the GST Department has indicated us. 
So after thorough service study and collecting information from the vendors and other things, as 
a result of these GST irregularities happened at various subcontractors and vendors.  
Now NCC posted to revert the input as credit saying that it is not a qualified input as credit. Now 
after that, using that information, again the income tax department wants to verify about the 
details of such vendors and they come to our office and ask us to provide the details. So some 
of the information they have collected at that time and some of the information they asked which 
required some time and we are collecting and compiling that information and some more 
information is yet to submit. And at the income department also, water and food they collected, 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
they are also carrying out the proceedings. So we expect in another two, three months, the 
penalty of the survey will be known. As on this date, nothing is there.  
Ashish Shah: 
So if you can just quantify the amount that we are talking about, the input credit which has not 
been allowed, at least even temporarily? 
Subba Raju: 
 
About INR 80 crores to INR 85 crores.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just in continuation to the GST input credit part, so that amount of INR 80 crores to INR 85 
crores, whenever would be ascertained would be directly flowing to the bottom line, sir, what 
would be the treatment of the same going ahead? 
Subba Raju: 
This INR 85 crores is collectable from the vendors. When vendors are discharged, ultimately the 
liability goes to them and we have debited to them and we have collected some of the amount. 
We have already written their books in the payables and the claims. We have adjusted some 
amounts and some of the amounts under collection from the vendors. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So that is lying in the payable segment. That credit would when received would be a square off 
from the payable segment. It will not be going to the P&L part anymore? Correct, sir? 
Subba Raju: 
 
That is correct. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Coming to the margin outlook part sir. You mentioned that going ahead as the business size 
improves and we are looking for other verticals, we are looking at PBT margins of 5.5%. We 
did above 6% for this quarter. If you could clarify what is our margin outlook going ahead in 
terms of the 30% growth in revenue that is expected for FY '23, over last FY '22? 
Subba Raju: 
Yes, as far as growth is concerned, 30% is achievable for the current year. As far as the margins 
are concerned, already might out there in the last three quarters out there. And some 
improvement quarter-to-quarter happen, and in the fourth quarter also, better margins will appear 
particularly at the PAT and EBITDA levels. But altogether, it may not be 5.5% per year as a 
whole. For the fourth quarter, it may touch 5% or so. So because already the operations are 
affected with the increased prices in the first two quarters, we cannot recoup all these things at 
a time. But in the next year, there is a good chance of to further improve from 5%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, we posted 6% PBT number for December quarter. So we are expecting a decline for the 
fourth quarter or it will be in line?  
Subba Raju: 
On the PBT margin? 
Saket Kapoorl 
 
Yes, PBT margin sir. 
Subba Raju: 
 
EBIT margin improvement would be there from the third quarter. 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
For the third quarter. Okay. So then the improvement is on 6% base there. The base for Q3 is 
6%. So it would be plus of northward of 6%, the PBT number, margin number. 
Subba Raju: 
 
Your question is not clear actually. 
Management: 
 
I will tell you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Sir, the PBT for the December quarter is INR 241 crores on a revenue of INR 394 crores. 
That works out to around 6%. Correct me there. So for the fourth quarter, the PBT margin will 
be northward of 6%. This is what we are anticipating? 
Subba Raju: 
 
We expect more than 6%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct, sir. And other expenses also, so you please clarify once again, what is the reason for the 
increase in other expenses from INR 71 crores to INR 111 crores Q-on-Q basis. And year-on-
year also? 
Subba Raju: 
Already, I explained in my initial remarks and also someone also ask about the increase on that 
term. We already two times explain that one. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Will take the last question from Manish Shah, an individual investor. 
Manish Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to ask about this Bangalore Metro project. What will be the future impact due to 
this, for future orders? 
Neerad Sharma: 
It is difficult to assess at this point of time, at the end of the day as per contract, we are 
responsible to the client. And we understand that the client is also investigating what are the 
possible lapses on whose part. So it is very difficult to quantify. We are really, nobody really 
knows. They have appointed, we believe, couple of consultants, design experts. So unless and 
until, we receive a formal communication from the client, there is very little that we can add at 
this point of time. 
Manish Shah; 
But this is the second incident with us in the metro thing so in future also we'll get metro orders 
or we have been stopped by bidding for metro orders?  
Neerad Sharma: 
Sir, as we speak there is no change in the contract that we have signed with the client. If there is 
any communication, if there is anything new that we know of, we would be happy to share with 
you. Thank you very much.  
P.V. Vijay Kumar: 
Thank you everyone. I think we'll end this call. We thank Centrum Capital for taking the lead in 
arranging this call and we thank each one of you for taking time and attending this call. Please 
do reach us, in case you have any further queries separately.  
Subba Raju: 
Thank you all. 

 
 
NCC Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ashish Shah: 
 
Thank you sir. Thank you, all the participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Shah for any closing 
remarks. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes. So we'd like to thank the participants for attending this call. And thank you, management 
for letting us host this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
