 
 
February 06, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2022, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on January 30, 
2023, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q3-FY-
2023.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Nilufer Shekhawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
NILUFER 
GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT
Digitally signed by NILUFER GAURAV SHEKHAWAT 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400093, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=MUMBAI, l=MUMBAI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7c17697263e997f44e2102c196063c4
4f0ba011d0fd4a08a289b57c91d8c4950, 
pseudonym=f3ed98b0318c41efaa4452c776849bca, 
2.5.4.20=9b0fa4a072018735af050f8b71163837eb84
5764eab67409c9a594adc5f56cd1, 
email=NILUFER1234@GMAIL.COM, cn=NILUFER 
GAURAV SHEKHAWAT 
Date: 2023.02.06 11:21:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 30, 2023 
                       
  
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Prayesh Jain - Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sundeep Sikka - ED & Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Prateek Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Saugata Chatterjee - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Aashwin Dugal - Co-Chief Business Officer 
Mr. Arpanarghya Saha - Chief Digital Officer 
Mr. Hiroshi Fujikake - Chief Planning & Business 
Excellence Officer 
 
 
 
 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder 
all participants lines will in the listen-only mode, there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services, I welcome you all to Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 3Q FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. We have along with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka, ED and CEO, along with 
the top management team of Nippon Life India Asset Management. I would like to hand over to 
Mr. Sikka for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks, Prayesh. Good evening, and welcome to our Q3 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. We 
have with us our CFO, Prateek Jain; Chief Business Officers, Saugata Chatterjee and Aashwin 
Dugal; Chief Digital Officer, Arpanarghya Saha; and Fujikake-San, Nominee of Nippon Life 
(Japan). Our detailed investor presentation and press release has been uploaded on the exchanges 
as well as our website. Before we take your questions, let me share some comments on the recent 
industry trends and our quarterly performance. In Q3, Indian equity markets remain range bound 
with a positive bias driven by strong corporate earnings, superior growth, economic growth 
versus peers and, peaking of inflation expectations. However, ongoing global uncertainties, FII 
outflow and a weak INR USD outlook also impacted the growth momentum and led to some 
volatility. Despite the mixed overall outlook, the asset management industry maintained its 
growth momentum, driven by higher retail awareness and improved access of mutual fund 
products across the length and breadth of the company. The industry assets rose by 5%, mainly 
driven by higher equity and ETF assets. The base for unique investors grew by 20% to 37 
million. Monthly SIPs touched an all-time high of INR 136 billion - an increase of 20%, while 
SIP folios rose by 25% to 61 million. The consistent expansion of investor base and growth in 
AUM, driven by SIP and ETF flows indicate the investors' diverse needs and the industry 
superior capability to fulfill them, vis-a-vis, other financial products. Growing financial 
awareness, differentiated and transparent product suite and, innovative digital strategies are 
expected to be the key drivers for the growth of the industry in future as well. At Nippon India 
Mutual Fund, our priority is to be future-ready and capture the long-term opportunity. In Q3, 
Nippon India Mutual Fund maintained its industry ranking of 4th position. In this quarter, AUM 
increased by 3% to INR 2,928 billion. At Nippon India Mutual Fund, our core focus remains in 
on investors' interest. We added 2 million folios the last 9 months and continue to have the 
largest base in the mutual fund industry. Our share of industry unique investors was largely 
stable at 36% with a base of more than 13 million investors. Our annualized systematic 
transaction book is at INR 123 billion. Quarterly flows increased by 45% to INR 29 billion. On 
a gross basis, 561,000 systematic folios were added in Q3. Our systematic AUM rose by 15% 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
to INR 583 billion. 56% of our SIP AUM has continued for over 5 years vis-a-vis, 23% for the 
industry. Also, in volatile markets, folios with lower ticket size have demonstrated longer 
vintage and better stickiness. 14% of our SIP folios have continued for more than 5 years against 
industry is 11%. Today, Nippon India Mutual Fund offers industry's best suite of products in the 
passive category. With strong growth in industry's passive assets, our ETF ecosystem is already 
in place and far ahead of its peers, in terms of investor base and mind share. In this segment, we 
manage an AUM INR 683 billion and have a market share of 14%. Excluding ETF allocations, 
which goes to 2 specific mutual funds, we would be the largest ETF player in the country. The 
Gold ETF is the biggest fund in this category with AUM of INR 67 billion in assets. Our share 
in industry’s ETF folios rose to 61%. In Q3, we added 137,000 investors and accounted for 99% 
of the total ETF folio additions in the industry. We have 69% share of ETF volumes on BSE and 
NSE. Our ETF average daily volumes across key funds remain far higher than the rest of the 
industry. Our digital-centric strategies are also the keystone for sustainable growth and 
profitability. Along with several digital initiatives such as cart buying, which we took to enhance 
our partners and invest experience in Q3, we also rolled out the Nippon India Mutual Fund 
WhatsApp Channel, a real-time comprehensive transaction and service suite for our investors. 
The Business Easy 2.0 app is aimed at driving more meaningful engagement, attention and 
growth through advisory, detailed analytics and smart insights. In Q3, the digital platform 
contributed to 59% of our total new purchase transactions. Over 902,000 purchases were 
executed through digital assets - an increase of 19%. Nippon India Mutual Fund has a well-
diversified enabled distribution base with a wide presence through 270 locations across the 
country. As of December 2022, we had over 89,000 distributors empaneled with us. The MFD 
base rose to over 88,800 with an addition of nearly 1,900 distributors in this quarter. Now on 
our financial performance. For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, profit after tax was INR 
2.1 billion - an increase of 18%. Operating profit was at INR 2 billion. Operating profit, as a 
ratio of average assets under management, was 28 basis points in Q3 FY23 as compared to 26 
basis points in Q2 FY23. In the past, the company has followed a consistent dividend policy. In 
FY22, NAM India distributed its highest ever dividend with a payout ratio of 96%. Over the last 
8 financial years, NAM India has distributed a cumulative dividend of INR 36 billion. As we 
grow organically through our physical and online channels, we remain open to evaluate 
investments and strategic opportunities that add to the profitability or complement our existing 
business and ultimately are in the interest of minority shareholders. As signatory to UN-PRI, we 
have already begun to integrate ESG aspects into various areas of planning, operation, fund 
management, risk and governance. Our goal is to encourage higher adoption of ESG principles 
within the asset management industry. As a responsible investor manager, we are building a 
resilient portfolio that will not only provide sustainable returns to our investors but will also 
have a positive environmental and social impact. We will also seek at and relevant disclosures 
in ESG matters from our various investee companies. To sum up, I would like to reiterate at 
NAM India investor centricity remains the key theme. We strive to deliver a superior experience 
and sustainable returns to our investors and in the process, add value to our shareholders. We 
are confident to continue our trend of profitable growth in coming quarters. With these 
comments, we are happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had three questions. The first one was on the yields. We saw improvement in the yields both 
on a Q-o-Q basis and like kind of flattish on a Y-o-Y basis. Can you help us understand the key 
reasons for the same? And how sustainable the improvement would be given the natural decline 
in the yield because of the increase in size? That is number one. Second is on the debt side of 
the business. Again, the industry continued to see outflows during the quarter and our outflows 
were even higher than that, and we saw market share fall. Can you run us through what's 
happening in the industry and how we, as a company, are kind of dealing with this? Because 
what we remember, in last quarter, we have said that we have taken some increase in sizing, like 
kind of increased the TER, so where we are there in that journey? And finally, there was this 
news article regarding SEBI's study on the TER for mutual fund industry. So is the regulator 
thinking of moving from a scheme-based TER to AMC-based overall AUM based TER? Any 
thoughts on same would be helpful. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks, Kunal. I think I'll start with your third question and then give it to my colleagues, Prateek 
and Aashwin, for the income of yields and debt outflow. With regard to the recent news article 
regarding addition of TER, discussions are still underway. We await the final draft of the 
regulations. And in this regard, we'll avoid making any comment or speculation at this stage. 
With respect to the yields, Prateek, if you could just take that. 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes. Thanks. So Kunal, we have been maintaining about the yield outlook, if the asset mix 
remains the same. And also, in terms of the debt returns, as and when it increases, we'll be having 
the probability to increase the TER as well. And also on the ETF side, we'll keep looking at 
opportunities if we can further improvise on yields. So all the three things, the composition has 
remained more or less the same, or rather it has improved on the equity side. We have been able 
to marginally increase our yields on the debt and the ETF side, which has helped us to maintain 
the run rate, vis-à-vis, the last quarter or vis-a-vis the corresponding quarter. 
Aashwin Dugal: 
Kunal, regarding the outflows, first what's happening in the industry. So the macroeconomic 
scenario is changing across the world and central banks are tightening yields. We have seen 
yields move up quite substantially, all over the world, including India. Hence, we've seen 
outflows from debt funds across the industry, one, to avoid any MTM losses that may rise out 
of returns, and second, there is some competition from bank deposits because bank deposit rates 
have moved up. So there is some money, especially short-term money, which is 1 year, 6 months, 
12 months, 18 months, 1 year, that has moved there. And thirdly, because of the rising interest 
rates, a lot of corporate treasuries have preferred to repay their loan credits to the banks. So a 
combination of these three factors has led to industry outflows. However, we have seen slightly 
higher outflow for Nippon because, over the last 2 years, we also had a fairly robust buildup in 
fixed income assets and some of that money has now moved out. And we are fairly confident 
that as things settle down and yields stabilize over the next one or two quarters, we should see 
some of those flows come back into the system. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure, sure. If I can ask two follow-ups. One was on the increase in the yield for debt and the 
ETFs. How does one think about the market share impact of the same, like over a medium to 
long-term, like when we talk with other players, we haven't seen any other players talking 
increasing the TERs and we have done that. How does that reflect into market share? And how 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
we think about it over a longer term? And the second is for the equity side. For the new money 
that we received from the distributors, have you seen any improvement in the net realization, 
which was very bad, say, in 2021. Have you seen any improvement there? 
Prateek Jain: 
So Kunal, in terms of the yields, there were no NFOs, which can have a significant impact on 
the overall equity yields. The money has come in the existing schemes. And we have been 
maintaining that we'll continue to make profitable growth. So we have maintained our payout 
ratios there. As regards the debt yields, what we continuously monitor is, what is the return 
generated from our scheme vis-à-vis the competition. And what is the net yield in the hands of 
the investors. And appropriately, we take decisions. The recent redemption has got nothing to 
do with our increase in the TER. And also, wherever we have increased the TER, it is barely 1 
or 2 basis points. So I don't see that can be attributed to any kind of change in market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities.  
Sahej Mittal: 
Sir, two questions from my side. So firstly, on yield, right? So if I look at the segment-wise 
yields, even if you have increased your TER for ETFs or debt, even then the equity segment has 
seen some improvement and material improvement. This is not a small improvement, so about 
1.5 basis point improvement on a sequential basis. So what is driving that? Is this an aberration 
or some lower commission payout, some adjustment to commission payouts done in this quarter, 
what is actually driving this? And are these kind of yields sustainable? That is one. Second, you 
talked about using Business Easy 2.0 for data analytics. So I mean, how are you using this? And 
if you can give us some insights, how is this helping us in better customer retention or improving 
customer journey? And the third is around our operating expenses. So the expenses have shot 
up quite materially in this quarter. So what is driving that? 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes. In terms of the yields, one is the composition of our AUM. Second, the size of the scheme. 
Third, the competitive environment. And fourth, how do you receive your new flows. So if you 
receive your new flows from IFAs and from B30 cities, those are more profitable, more sticky 
and more granular AUMs where we make slightly more margin. And it is the combination of 
these effects, and that most of our money has come from B30 cities, from our partners. And 
that's why our realization is up on the equity side. With regards to the expenses, there has been 
some one-off expense on the IT spend. So that's not a regular feature. Of the increment that we 
are seeing, 30% to 40% is related to the one-off spend. Further, we have also consolidated our 
office in the last quarter. So we have shifted and have closed down one of our offices at Nariman 
Point. The sales office, which used to be at Nariman Point, is now in the same place where our 
corporate office is. So that also has led to some increased expenditure. But these are non-
recurring. Besides that, now that we have completely opened up, and seeing good traction in 
terms of our equity performance, there has been increased travel and activities in terms of our 
distribution mix, etc. So this is all about the difference in the expenses. 
Arpanarghya Saha: 
This is Arpan. So quickly giving you an insight on the Business Easy 2.0. As we know, data is 
the new fuel for any kind of work or operations. Business Easy, by itself, is a very smart and 
intelligent asset that we have developed in-house, which allows our partners to give the best of 
the choices to their consumers and which also revolves around real-time market movements. So 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
those are particular aspects when they come in and, the ease of doing business completely 
paperless allows them to connect to a larger denominator of consumers who would want to do 
things at the click of a button. It's a completely app-to-web or a web-to-web or an app-to-app 
interface which works together at the same point of time, ensuring that the best of advisory, best 
of insights and analytics are passed on to the consumer through basic execution and delivery. 
Thank you. 
Sahej Mittal: 
So one follow-up maybe. So ex of the mix change, which has happened, right, towards equity. 
So even ex of those changes, yields seem to have improved in equity. So I couldn't quite get that. 
The share of Banca has increased, right, if you're saying that IFAs are more profitable ones? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So, we have not changed. Saugata Chatterjee this side. The flows which are coming to us, in 
equity, like Prateek mentioned, it's cutting across the B30 market. Like you mentioned, the B-
30 share rise is also a reason for us. We are seeing an increase in flows across the distribution 
categories, whether MFD or banks or the national distributor. The good part is most of these 
banks also have very deep penetration in B30 market. We are strong there, and we are getting a 
lot of retail flows coming in from those branches, which are spread across the B30 markets of 
India. The distribution of equity flows is quite fragmented. Historically, it has been fragmented. 
Along with that, we also have this big sort of delta, which has come in through SIP. As you 
know, SIP is a very strong category which we have built up. We have also shared in our initial 
talk about how the SIP book has grown from roughly around INR 650 crores to more than INR 
1,000 crores per month. So all those things aggregate into equity sales. And of course, the margin 
expansion is happening because of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Just wanted to understand on this SIP flow movement. So sir, if I look at for this quarter, we 
have received about INR 29 billion in funds in this quarter. Now if we see the movement of 
AUM, then the AUM seems to be flattish now. So just wanted to understand, have you seen 
enough redemptions in the SIP book? Or is there like a mark-to-market losses, which we have 
seen in this SIP AUM? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
I'll take this. You're right on the market share. The equity market share has flattened for us. 
Rather, it has started inching up. If you take March, April market share, the March market share 
and current market share has moved from 6.12% to 6.18%. It's a small jump which has happened. 
But the result is because of the SIPs increasing every month. Like we have been mentioning in 
previous quarterly calls also, till the time the net sales will not cross the 6-6.25%, our market 
share jump will be limited. Happy to share that the net sales growth every month has started 
moving up. And currently, as we speak, month-on-month basis, the net sales has now started 
moving towards the 6% mark. So it's the combination of both SIP inflows plus lumpsum inflows 
coming in, which is contributing to net sales. We still have some margin of growth to take place, 
which would help us to grow the market share. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. And sir, can you tell us about what kind of yield do we make currently on the ETF 
side? Sir mentioned that we are looking to increase the TERs in that segment. So how do we see 
that yield spanning over in the next 2-3 years? Like how much can we increase in that segment? 
Prateek Jain: 
We have been maintaining that we make about 9 to 10 basis points, net, on the ETF side. We'll 
continue to explore products where we have a unique proposition available and where our market 
acceptability is better than the competition. We'll keep increasing our margins because, as our 
overall ethos remains that we need to do a profitable growth. However, ETF is a vanilla product, 
and there is not much we can do beyond a point. And therefore, it will be broadly in line with 
the industry. But wherever we have opportunity, we will try to improve the net realization. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
And just to add to it, taking into account the liquidity we have on the stock exchanges, we're in 
a far better position to increase the yield wherever it is required compared to the competition. 
Prateek Jain: 
Just as a clarification, when I spoke about ETF, this was including our CPSE but excludes gold. 
Just in case if you are putting into the model, because the gold is much higher. Also, CPSE is a 
government mandate. There, the yields are governed by what is allowed by the Ministry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit from BOB Capital. 
Mohit: 
My first question is basically the unique customers declined during the quarter from 13.4 to 13.2. 
Just wanted to know what has happened over there. 
Prateek Jain: 
Those can be, obviously, as we saw some outflows which have happened on the fixed income 
side, as Aashwin was mentioning. Also on the equity side, some redemptions would have 
happened on the lump sum. But I will give you some data point, which would be interesting. On 
the SIP gross folio share, we used to be at 5.4% of the industry, we are now 8.5%. On a net basis, 
we almost have 12% incremental folio share. So this decline could be marginal. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Also SIPs were discontinued across the industry. But overall, the good thing is overall folios 
continue to grow. 
Mohit: 
All right. Understood. My second question is just towards the equity market share. So I mean 
while we understand that we have maintained 7.3% market share overall. But if I look at equity, 
I mean, overall, if I look at like 10 to 12 quarters, we have lost market share. So any clarity on 
that in terms of the equity of an industry is growing faster than us. So any clarity on that? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
You're right. We were seeing some redemptions coming in. About the last 12 months, with the 
performance coming back, we have seen the redemption has almost slowed down and new 
incremental flow is increasing. And as we mentioned earlier, we started this calendar year, with 
a SIP book of INR 650 crores which, on an annualized basis, is about INR 8,000 crores. And 
now on a monthly basis, we closed at INR 1,020 crores, which would be about INR 13,000 
crores. So I think equity will go up with a lag effect. But we are far more comfortable and 
confident as we talk now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshat Hariya from MultiAct PMS. 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Akshat Hariya: 
My question again is on yields. So basically, if we see our yield sequentially also has improved 
by about 3 to 4 basis points. And while you've already explained the increase that we've seen on 
the debt and ETF side, what I really wanted to confirm is whether there is any one-off revenue 
from specially managed accounts or advisory accounts which we've booked in this quarter? And 
if you could get that number? And also, what would be the comparable number for the previous 
quarter and the same quarter last year? 
Prateek Jain: 
Our blended gross realization has been 43 basis points in the Q3 FY23, and it was 42 basis points 
last quarter. So I think it has more or less remains the same. While on a 9-month basis, we are 
currently trending at 42 basis points versus 44 basis points. So there has been a marginal decline 
of 2 basis points on a 9-month basis. And it is 1 basis point higher than the sequential quarter. 
Akshat Hariya: 
So any one-off revenue which we have booked for the specially managed accounts? 
Prateek Jain: 
No, no, there is nothing. There is no one-off. As I mentioned in the last call also, as and when 
the opportunity arises, we'll be improving our expense ratios on the fixed income as well as the 
ETF side, and that is why, in this quarter, there has been increased realization on fixed income 
and ETF, which has helped to improve our overall realization. 
Akshat Hariya: 
And sir, my second question was on the yield differential on the stock versus flow. Earlier, when 
we started this discussion, it used to be around 20 basis points. And in one of the previous calls, 
we also mentioned that almost 2/3 of our AUM has now shifted to the newer yield, the lower 
yield. So what would be this differential now? And what percentage of our AUM, which used 
to be 2/3 is now on newer yields. If you could give some color on that? 
Prateek Jain: 
In this year, the gross flow has not been as significant, but whatever the newer gross flows have 
come in, those are all basically at the lower rate on the equity side. So earlier, it was 2/3, now 
70% of those assets would be on the newer rates. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, just a broader question for the industry. So the profit growth for most of the players has 
been kind of flattish or declining, in the last 1 or 2 years. And that obviously has been because 
of the pressure on yields. How do you see the profitability for the industry, in the next 2 to 3 
years, do we ever see the profit growth coming in for the industry or for players like us? How 
do you see this really panning out? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So I'll take this one. From our perspective, asset management industry is ultimately a volume 
game. I think it's not just about that 1 basis point, what is going to be the yield. It's going to be 
how well we execute and how well you can scale it up. So, as there was the opening question, 
regulatory changes will keep coming up. But we believe that the key to long-term profitability 
is going to be execution and building scale. And our focus will be on that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And if you look at the last couple of years as well, there has been a pretty strong volume growth 
wherein the SIP counts haven't reached new highs while debt has been kind of on the negative 
side for the last 6 months to a year. But the volumes would still have been healthy on the equity 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
side, but still we haven't seen any profit growth coming in for the industry. So even going ahead 
with volumes kind of being strong, do we see the profitability? I'm saying that the other metrics 
which contribute to profitability, basically the yield can be at levels which can offset the or 
support the profit growth. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
When I talk about volume, it's not only the volume, it is also the quality of business that you 
built up. The earlier question when Saugata talked about the granular business, the small ticket 
size, all these things, the stickiness is going to be very, very critical. And we strongly believe, 
the long-term business models cannot be built only on higher fees, higher brokerages. 
Ultimately, we have to keep adding value to the investor. And we continue maintaining that 
there may be a little pressure on the yields in the short-term, because of disruption, because of 
some competition or some of the new players becoming very, very aggressive. But this is always 
short-lived. From a long term point of view, execution and the quality of business remains 
important. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. And secondly, if we look at the debt business, there has been increased flows towards the 
index funds and the ETFs, the passive side. So how do you see this panning out over the next 3 
years when we are expecting actually the long duration or the medium duration assets to gain 
traction. So in a way, I'm asking is whether the actives will grow faster, or do you see the 
passives, on the debt side, kind of maintaining the momentum what they have seen? We see the 
yields on the debt also kind of staying weak? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
It's very difficult to make a prediction, whether it's going to be active or passive. But we believe 
that the kind of volume growth that we have seen in the equity passive, the same kind of trend 
will not be seen in fixed income. In fixed income, active will continue to play a bigger role. We 
are ready on both the sides as we have a strong portfolio on the passive side, on the debt side. 
But time will tell whether active will play a far bigger role than passive in fixed income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahej Mittal from HDFC Securities. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Just one clarification. So if MF AUM mix remains the same on a Q-o-Q basis for the next quarter, 
then should we expect similar yields and same yields or even in the next quarter? 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes. Of course. There is no one-off. 
Sahej Mittal: 
I'll just clarify because the kind of jumps which we have seen in yields in this quarter -- it seems 
like there is some maybe one-off this or maybe there is some improvement in terms of what we 
negotiate with our distributors, something of that sort. Yes. 
Prateek Jain: 
No, no. There is only 1 basis point increase in the yield compared to the last quarter. Also, you 
are saying that AUM remains the same. But let me share with you that certain of our schemes 
where our AUMs have grown, and this also goes to answer what Prayesh was asking that what 
is happening when the size of the scheme goes up. We, as a larger AMC, tend to lose a significant 
amount of our earnings because on the entire stock, our TER or our chargeability goes down. 
But we cannot go and renegotiate the total distribution cost on this thing. And therefore, for 
example, if you look at our small cap fund, which has doubled in the last 2 to 3 years, the total 

                Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
   January 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
TER drop because of this reverse telescopic rates, our TER chargeability has gone down by 15 
basis points. So one is the size of the scheme. The asset mix and also where it is coming from 
because, obviously, you share larger proportion, compared to IFAs, with the NDs and BNDs. So 
that composition also matters. And also earlier NFOs were the ones who were bringing it down. 
If this AUM comes more granularly into our existing schemes, broadly, this realization should 
continue in the next quarter as well. And of course, one has to keep in mind that the regulatory 
intervention has helped. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Right. So in 4Q, given that we are seeing a drop in AUM, right, because of the mark-to-market, 
then ideally we should see because the TERs should increase from here on in the next quarter. 
And hence, our yields should improve even further in the next quarter, right? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Got it. And just to get a sense on a SIP flow. So what percentage of our SIP flows have a vintage 
of less than 2 years? 
Prateek Jain: 
We don't have that data readily available with us. We can discuss separately. 
Sahej Mittal: 
Sure. And on our opex, so could you quantify the one-off for this quarter? And on a sustainable 
basis, what kind of opex can we expect? 
Prateek Jain: 
The total difference is not that significant. And almost 60% of that is one-off. 40% of that is one-
off in IT and the remaining is on the office shift from Nariman Point to Lower Parel. So broadly, 
the difference, of which 60% amount is one-off, has happened due to IT spend and office 
movement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. On behalf of Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
