 
aa 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Block, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon – 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-679000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Udaisagar Road, Udaipur – 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294-2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.com, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
PI External 
 
 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:11/2023-24 
May 09, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
              
Corporate Relationship Deptt. 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Code No.523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Code No. PIIND 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Conference 
Call held on May 03, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Analysts and 
Investors Conference Call held on Wednesday, May 03, 2023 to discuss acquisition 
announced into Pharma API & CDMO space. The link to access the transcript of the 
conference call is https://www.piindustries.com/Media/Documents/PI%20Industries-May03-
2023%20markup%20GK.pdf 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sonal Tiwari 
Company Secretary 
SONAL 
RAMANAND 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
SONAL RAMANAND 
TIWARI 
Date: 2023.05.09 
17:37:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
PI External 
 
PI Industries Limited 
Analysts and Investors Conference Call 
May 03, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PI Industries Limited 
Conference Call for Analysts and Investors. As a reminder all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call 
is being recorded and the call will be for a duration of 30 minutes. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on PI 
Industries conference call to discuss acquisitions announced into Pharma 
API & CDMO space. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team including Mr. Mayank Singhal, Executive Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Rajnish Sarna, Joint Managing Director; and 
Mr. Manikantan Viswanathan, Chief Financial Officer. We also have with us 
Mr. Anil Jain Managing Director at PI Health Sciences Limited. We will 
begin the call with comments from Mr. Singhal and thereafter, Mr. Jain. 
After that, the forum will be open for question-and-answer session. 
This call is being posted to facilitate a discussion around the announced 
acquisitions. Being in silent period, the management will be constrained not 
to respond to queries on any other aspects, including financial 
performance. Participants are therefore requested to limit their questions 
only to the announced acquisitions. 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
PI External 
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on 
the conference call today may be forward-looking and the disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the conference call invite shared with you earlier 
and is also available on stock exchange website. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Singhal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes. Once again, good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the 
call today. We have circulated the relevant documents pertaining to the 
acquisition on April 27, 2023. And these are also available on the website of 
the stock exchange. Hope you have had a chance to go through the same. 
Thanks. 
So now I would like to quickly summarize the same for you. PI Health 
Sciences Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of PI Industries has 
executed the definitive documents with 1. Therachem Research Medilab 
i.e. TRM US and it’s promoters and Therachem Medilab India Private 
Limited i.e. TRM India for acquiring 100% shareholding of TRM India, which 
is an Indian subsidiary of TRM US. And with TRM US and promoters and 
Solis Pharmachem Private Limited to acquire 100% shareholding of Solis 
Pharmachem, which is again an Indian subsidiary of TRM US. Further, PI 
Health Sciences Netherlands B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of PI Health 
Sciences, entered into a share purchase agreement with Plahoma Twelve 
GmbH, which is an existing sole shareholder of Archimica S.p.A. for 
acquiring 100% stake in Archimica S.p.A. 
Also, PI Health Sciences USA, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of PI 
Health Sciences Netherlands B.V. and has entered into asset purchase 
agreement with TRM US, and its promoters for acquiring certain identified 
assets of TRM US. These announcements are in line with PI's long-term 
strategic vision of building a differentiated CDMO offering across the 
pharma value chain. 
We're excited about these acquisition as this marks accelerated beginning 
of the PI journey into the pharma space, a unique ability to build concrete 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
PI External 
offerings from abstract, situations and leveraging our capabilities across 
complex chemistries and business build up capabilities in the value chain, 
once again, helping create a differentiated value proposition to our 
stakeholders. These acquisitions are also aligned with PI's approach of 
working with global innovators at the forefront of innovation, science, 
technology and human ingenuity to create transformative solutions in the 
life sciences for the purpose of reimagining a healthier planet. 
Further, the purchase considerations will comprise for TRM, $50 million and 
an additional $25 million on performance-linked pay-outs over the next six 
years. For Archimica, with EURO 34.2 million, upon closing. These 
purchase considerations will be paid in cash and funded from the 
completed qualified QIP placements proceeds and internal accruals. Both 
acquisitions are expected to be earning accretive with immediate effect. I 
would like to add that the consummation of these transactions and 
integration into the corporate structure of PI is expected to be completed in 
Q1FY24, subject to fulfillment of customary closing conditions and 
regulatory approvals. 
With this, I would now like to conclude the opening remarks, and hand it to 
Mr. Anil Jain, the Managing Director, PI Health Sciences, to give you further 
inputs on these. Thank you, all. Over to you, Anil. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good morning, and a warm welcome to everyone on 
the call today. Let me briefly explain the differentiated business model that 
we intend to build in PI Health Sciences. As a long-term strategy, we are 
building a niche and integrated business model, starting from R&D, starting 
materials, APIs as a one stop solution. We are building a world-class 
integrated pharma research centre in IKP Hyderabad, which is in Genome 
Valley for CRO and CDMO offerings. This will notably widen the set of 
target customers across the entire pharma value chain by helping us to 
leverage the expertise of the acquired entities’ R&D capabilities. 
Let me tell you briefly. TRM is an innovative chemistry driven solution 
provider in medicinal chemistry research, process research and 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
PI External 
development specialising in the rare disease area, which ultimately 
connects to the rare disease platform in the advanced markets. It provides 
services and products to pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies 
in the preclinical and clinical stages. It has manufacturing facilities in India 
and R&D facilities in India and US. TRM R&D team works closely with the 
marquee publicly listed US biotech companies and big pharma companies 
based in Asia Pacific in developing their product pipeline. TRM had 
consolidated revenue of $33 million, with a normalized EBITDA of $14 
million for the year ended 31 March 2022. 
About the other transaction, Archimica is a Italy based, highly reputable 
small-scale API manufacturer and contract development and manufacturing 
organization, servicing over 60 marquee customers in more than 30 
countries. Currently, Archimica owns 24 US DMFs, GMP manufacturing 
facility for the niche APIs and intermediates across wide therapeutic and 
substance classes such as oncology, anti-ulcer, and anti-rheumatics. And 
all these therapies are right now –are growing more than the average rate. 
Archimica manufacturing facility, near Milan is certified by the major 
regulators like US and the local regulator like AIFA. Archimica had revenue 
of $45 million and EBITDA of $7 million in the year ended 31 December 
2022. 
While the acquisition of the Archimica has been completed with effect from 
27 April 2023, and therefore Archimica has become subsidiary of PI 
Healthcare Sciences Netherlands B.V. We expect to close the acquisition of 
TRM and Solis by end of the May 2023. Our object is to build a unique 
position for ourselves in the high potential space of pharma API and CDMO 
by leveraging our inherent competencies in complex chemistry, process 
development, operational excellence, technology platforms and global 
reach through collaborations with prominent innovators. 
This concludes my initial comments. I will now request moderator to open 
the forum for question-and-answer. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
PI External 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a first question from the line of Aditya 
Jhawar from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the team for a 
wonderful acquisition. My first question is, what is the capacity utilization of 
Archimica? And what are the capex plans for the company for the next 
couple of years? And just to add to that, if you can also highlight that what 
are the growth drivers considering we had 11 to 12 active products. And -- 
but still, we have about a 24 DMFs. If you can just speak about this? 
Anil Jain: 
Okay. Let me give you some background. Archimica is a 75-year-old 
company and these 24  DMFs have been filed over a period of time. Out of 
that, 12 products are right now active. As far as the capacity is concerned, 
around 50% of the capacity is currently employed in manufacturing niche 
API and 50% capacity is available for CDMO activities, which we to use 
over there. I hope it answers your question. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. And the capex plan, sir? 
Anil Jain: 
So it's a very much running asset and -- so there are normal capex which 
are required to be done. There are no specific requirement for any 
particular capex. And some strategic capex, we might do it in the coming 
years based on our business development activities. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And sir, last question. I mean, the management retention plans of 
Archimica, and we clearly have staggered payment in TRM? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Come again? You asked management retention plan of Archimica? 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes. 
Anil Jain: 
So Archimica was owned by a fund and we have taken over the Company 
including its complete leadership team… 
Mayank Singhal: 
And we don't see challenges of any talent retention there. There's good 
leadership there which will continue to work and grow the organization. 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
PI External 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Perfect. All the best I’ll join back in queue. Thank you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations. Sir, my question is we 
have been telling that on the pharma side, we have done a lot of trials in the 
R&D as well as pilot stage. So, what is the commercialization schedule that 
we are looking at across the three geographies over the next maybe one to 
three years? Thank you. 
Anil Jain: 
So currently, both these companies which we acquired, they are all running 
and they are producing and selling products in the market. And I think you 
are referring to research centre, which we are building up new? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, I understand that we have done pharma-related trials at our R&D and 
pilot and those products were supposed to be commercialized, but since we 
did not have any facility. This is the facilities which we will be using for 
commercializing these products. I was just asking from that perspective. 
Mayank Singhal: 
As you know, from the PI perspective, we have worked on certain initiatives 
in the non-GMP space. So, these two are not related to be very frank. This 
is -- the CRO, CDMO play that we are doing, that's more on the 
intermediate chemistry-based capabilities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vivek Rajamani from 
Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the question. And congratulations for this 
acquisition. Sir, you earlier highlighted in the past that you've been looking 
for pharma assets that could complement your existing portfolio. So just 
wondering from these assets that you've acquired, are you looking to 
extract any kind of synergies with respect to the facilities that you have that 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
PI External 
could help in your own product development and our customer acquisition? 
Thank you so much. 
Mayank Singhal: 
The pharma space is a bit different than the agri space. The only synergy 
that could be a potential, would be to look at value accretion from backward 
integration and non-GMP intermediates from the PI existing assets. The 
other key complementary capabilities will be in the area of complex 
chemistry business processes, operational excellence and understanding 
global customer management. And those are the capabilities, which could 
be quickly leveraged to create integrated play and a differentiated value 
offering to our customers. 
Anil Jain: 
Onthe TRM front, there is one more area which we are also looking. 
Currently, the one company is working the pre-clinical and clinical side of it. 
They have been working in this space for the last eight to 10 years. Now 
many of the programs have moved to the Phase 2 and Phase 3. So now 
these all programs would complement for the GMP asset which we have 
bought into Europe. So, that's the strategic fit which will happen. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rachit Ganatra from 
Max Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
Hello. Sir, could you spell out the client concentration for both of these 
companies for TRM as well as for Archimica? 
Anil Jain: 
So, client concentration, right now, both -- like Archimica has more than 60 
clients right now for the revenue of about $40 million. And similarly, TRM 
has more than 10 clients where we are working with. So, we are in touch 
with many clients with which we are doing the business development 
activity. So that we are setting up a new full-fledged business development 
capability within this organization to leverage further. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
Okay. And then what will be the split of under patent products versus 
generic products for TRM and for Archimica? 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
PI External 
Anil Jain 
So TRM is right now dealing with all the under-patent products only. There 
are no generic products that in the TRM platform. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
Okay. And for Archimica? 
Anil Jain: 
Archimica, currently, we are have the niche APIs. So, majority of the API, 
are post patent.  
Rachit Ganatra; 
They are all generic. Okay. And then sir, what would be the sort of targets 
that you would have set for these companies, the kind of revenue potential 
that you see over the next few years? Could you spell out something on this 
one? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, we are looking at the whole integrated business model and the 
process of building that up. Obviously, we look at the current growth rates, 
the key activity we are going to do for the next three years internally is 
actually built a strong platform for the rest of the growth going forward. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
And sir, I guess this question was asked earlier also, but lastly, could you 
please spell out to what is the kind of capex or investment that you would 
look at for the pharma vertical for the next few years? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We look at about $10 million to $15 million capex for now. And obviously, 
as we get into these assets, and we've seen larger opportunity and we look 
at what we need to build. The capex will be optimized by the team, and 
that's what Anil and the team will be taking up in the next couple of 
quarters. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
So, $10 million to $15 million per year for the next few years, both TRM and 
Archimica combined? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Right. 
Rachit Ganatra: 
Okay. And this will exclude the capex that you will do in India to build-up the 
capacity for production? 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
PI External 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No. This is all inclusive for all three centres, the R&D centre, TRM and 
Archimica, all three put together, it will be kind of investment plan we have 
as of now. But as you can imagine, that as we get into these companies 
assess, the current capacities and utilization and also the pipelines of the 
molecules at our end and their end, then we will have a firmer plan on the 
capex.  
Mayank Singhal: 
So fundamentally, One is looking at capacity based on pipelines. The other 
is we are just looking at business capability build-out. And the third 
investment will be going into asset quality upgradations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Vishnu Kumar from 
Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Thanks and congrats for the acquisition, sir. Part of my question was 
answered, but I wanted to understand that the size of the pie in terms of 
opportunity that we are looking with these two businesses, and over a three 
years, five years, how much can we target out of that pie in these two 
acquisitions, if you could help us on that? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Vishnu, that would be best answered by you. Size of the pie is several 
billion dollars. It is too early to estimate, but I think the pie is big enough for 
us to build aggressive plans. Global pharma is more than $1 trillion industry 
in the future. 
Anil Jain: 
So, this is a solid runway, we have built in right now.  
Vishnu Kumar: 
Understood. Also, one question is that from a point where we were trying to 
look at assets which are very, very costly and now we have kind of quoted 
at relatively substantially very good pricing. Just to understand, is there 
anything -- there is a general question in the market that how are we able to 
help these at a much lower pricing just to help us understand on this? 
Mayank Singhal: 
To be fair. I mean, we look, as you know, we've been evaluating. I mean, 
that's the trick of the trade. We look at opportunities and actually look at the 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
PI External 
capabilities to bring them together to pay the value. That's the way I would 
take that for now. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Got it. Thanks and all the best. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Vishnu, valuations have different perspectives, different ways of looking at 
it, and now there is also scalability, there is also investment for scalability 
on these assets. So, all these aspects need to be looked into. You can't 
look at valuations with respect to last year's performance only.  
Vishnu Kumar: 
Understood, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good morning. And thank you so much. Sir, I have two points. I try to 
squeeze them into 1 question, if you permit. One is just for correcting, is it 
possible to share with us the -- actually the preliminary numbers for FY '23 
in terms of revenues and EBITDA? 
Second, why are there two entities within Therachem? What exactly is the 
business that Solis is involved into? I guess it doesn't really generate any 
revenues at this point in time. And the last part is just with regard to the 
financial aspects of the transaction. If you could help us with the breakdown 
between, say, the goodwill, fixed assets, working capital and also any debt 
that you might be acquiring as part of the transaction? Thank you so much. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Thanks, Abhijit. First of all, March 2023 financials are still in preparation. So 
obviously, we cannot right now share with you. In any case, TRM closing is 
yet to happen and hence these numbers, etc, will have to be available after 
the closing. 
Your second question about the breakup. Obviously, in our stock exchange 
intimation, we have already mentioned the net worth of these targeted 
companies. So, it is not really difficult for anyone to work out what is the 
goodwill part of this, okay? Obviously, the working capital part is one. But in 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
PI External 
case of TRM that is close to $5 million and rest is all goodwill and the 
customer contract value, that is what majorly there. 
In case of Archimica also, I mean we have very clearly articulated the -- we 
mentioned number of net worth in our press release, the stock exchange 
release. So, the remaining part is -- will be goodwill. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. Sir, that's helpful. Just one last clarification. The pharma industry in 
general has seen a very difficult FY '23 after a much better FY '22 and the 
aftermath of COVID. So, is it possible that TRM might also have adjusted a 
little bit of a decline in sales in the preceding year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
The product portfolio of TRM and Archimica are not COVID -- specific, but I 
will still ask Anil to elaborate more on that. 
Anil Jain: 
Right now, if you see this data, there are more than 20,000 drugs which are 
in various pipeline of the development and out of that, majority of the 
candidates are in the pre-clinical Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 space. So, 
this market has put immense opportunity right now. So, there is ample 
scope to continue. And I do believe this is something which is going to 
persist for years to come. So actually, we have not seen any sort of impact 
coming in because of the COVID on this pipeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from 
Sundaram Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. TRM, if you look at FY '22 has a sharp 
jump in revenue. So, was there any one-off, or is it because of some new 
commercialization? And secondly, if you can talk about pipeline in long-
term contracts for TRM? 
Anil Jain: 
So, this particular observation, what you said is correct. One of the 
programs got advanced in the clinical phase. And hence, the need for 
supply of the quantities were higher. And therefore, you have seen the 
spike going in the particular year. As such, there are many programs 
coming in and sometimes some programs get advanced, some programs 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
PI External 
get delayed. So, we are very hopeful based on our understanding that this 
program will be continuing, and there are certain programs which are also 
going to add during the course of the year. So, we are very hopeful on 
continuing the strength. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And any long-term contracts and your comment on pipeline of the 
products? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. So, there are certain contracts in place right now with some of the 
customers, and they are for one to three years. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rajesh Aynor from ITI 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on acquisition. Sir, my question 
was on the R&D spend of these companies versus what we also have in 
India? And what kind of synergies or because the -- basically my say is that 
companies which are operating in developed market, they operate, they 
have a different financial metric versus similar jobs in India, where the 
financial metrics are improved or mainly because of the Ph. D hiring costs 
and -- so from a capability point of view as well as from the financial point of 
view, what are the future synergies possible? And what is the current status 
of the R&D spend at these entities and in India? 
Anil Jain: 
There are three research centres. One is in US, one is in India, one is in 
Europe.. And there are certain customers, they want development within 
the US, certain customers, they want to develop in the Europe, certain 
customers want to develop in India. So, for each area, there are specific 
centres which are available. And the centre we are building up in 
Hyderabad is going to be complementary for all the three platforms. And 
this centre is going to be GMP compatible in nature and for this centre also, 
we have many people who are right now willing to work with us. So, I don't 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
PI External 
see cost structure is giving us any kind of challenge in these services that 
we are offering right now. In fact, we have a lot of variability.  
Mayank Singhal: 
We have various capabilities, cost leverages and these combinations will 
come together to create a unique value offering to the customer to give 
them the flexibility in terms of capability, knowledge, service, and cost. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of understanding the product profile, you mentioned 
that biologics and complex. So, can you please throw some more light on 
which are more probable areas, which will also be in the gamut where will 
be targeting? 
Anil Jain: 
Let me tell you that TRM is working with the customers who are dealing in 
the biologic process. We are supplying building blocks to them. The TRM 
portfolio as such is not having any biologic process. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes, hi sir. Good morning and congratulations on this acquisitions. 
Questions on the utilization will be of TRM right now. And we have the 
facilities in India and also have lab facilities in the US. So, what are the 
current utilization? And you mentioned that TRM is mainly focused more on 
the under-development products. So, if you can give some kind of revenue 
visibility which you may have some few molecules, which are working on 
with the pipeline and what can be expected over the next couple of years 
on this? 
Anil Jain: 
TRM is currently, operating at ~50% capacity utilization. Right now, there 
are many programs running in and we are in discussions with many 
customers that are coming. So, I don't see capacity as a constraint for us to 
take the further revenue development. 
Rohan Gupta: 
And sir, you made some arrangement with the further US in terms of the 
under the consideration where it is the performance-linked $25 million for 
that to be paid over the next six years. If you can just throw some light on 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
PI External 
that, what is the performance-linked incentives you're talking about? And 
what are the benefits you people are expecting. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, performance is linked to the pipeline products and their 
commercialization and the kind of revenue we can generate out of the 
pipeline. So basically, the part of overall valuation is linked to the pipeline 
and its commercialization and revenue generation out of it. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, under what circumstances, I mean, if you can give some line that over 
the next six years, this is the revenue guaranteed for which we will be 
paying for $25 million, something can, on some sort of those lines, can you 
give some numbers? 
So, we are saying that over next six years, we will be paying them $25 
million depending on some performance link there, if they are able to 
deliver on those products, deliveries and all. If they are able to deliver and 
$25 million will be paid to them, can you give some quantification or 
quantify these numbers that will be added to the revenues or top lines of 
the company over next five to six years?  
Rajnish Sarna: 
I obviously cannot divulge too much details here. But certain percentage of 
this revenue creation will be shared as the additional valuation to the seller. 
That is the understanding. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, the current utilization of TRM is 40%, and the margin of TRM is already 
high in the range of 50%. So, can we expect the efficiency improvement 
and the margin profile of the company is going to improve from here? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, it's a double-edged question. Obviously, we are looking to scale up 
and build the business, right? So, you will know typically what is the kind of 
margin in this business. So, we are in that range. And there are spikes and 
spurts, which will take place in the initial phase of investment build up 
capabilities to take it to the next phase. That's the way I would answer. 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
PI External 
Rajnish Sarna: 
The focus will be on scaling up the business from the current level rather 
than focusing too much on the margin improvement of the existing 
products. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And what kind of growth we are expecting from this business, 
acquired company? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
What kind of? 
Sumant Kumar: 
Growth we are expecting in the next three years, four years from this 
company? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We are expecting to more than double this in the next three years to four 
years. This is where the combined teams and the management team that 
we are also investing, will work towards the aggressive business 
development. 
Anil Jain: 
CDMO market is growing around 8% to 10%. I can tell you we will be better 
than the market. That's what I can tell you, right. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Krishan Parwani from 
JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on the acquisition. So just 
two clarifications from my side. So, of the Therachem's current product 
pipeline, how many are going for Phase 1, to Phase 3 drugs and how many 
are going for commercialization -- commercialized drugs? And the second 
clarification is like, what sort of timeline do you envisage for this 
commercialization of the drugs, which are in clinical trials? 
Mayank Singhal: 
we are not sure right now we can answer that because we do have certain 
confidentiality commitments in those contracts. We need to do further study 
before responding. 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
PI External 
Krishan Parwani:  
Okay. That's okay. Just if I can slide one on the Archimica front. So 
Archimica has been around EUR10 million kind of capex over the last three 
years. So how do you see that benefiting for the Archimica's turnover over 
the next three years, let's say? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. This investment is already reflecting in their current performance over 
the last few years, they have improved their performance. And going 
forward also, combining the various opportunities that will emerge from our 
CRO and also starting materials business in TRM. Many opportunities we 
expect from API business coming out of those areas. So yes, there are 
good opportunities. And these investments already made and which are 
also now planned going forward in the next couple of years will obviously 
help us scale this business. 
Krishan Parwani:  
Understood. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of S. Ramesh from 
Nirmal Bang Equities. Please go ahead. 
S. Ramesh: 
Good morning and thank you very much. So, if you can share what is the 
kind of R&D expenditure as a percentage of sales in TRM US consolidated 
and Archimica. And second is, can we get some split for all the acquired 
entities together between CDMO and API? 
Mayank Singhal: 
TRM has R&D driven expenses.  
Anil Jain: 
And this time, this capex is high because we are building a research centre 
in Hyderabad -- that investment we are making in research centre right 
now. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Does this answer your question or if you can please rearticulate your 
question. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes. So, I just wanted to get a sense in terms of what is the thinking in 
terms of R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue over the next two 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
PI External 
years for the pharma business? And secondly, if you can give us some split 
in terms of the CDMO and API revenues either for TRM consolidated and 
Archimica separately or on a ballpark basis, all that entities are that you 
have. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
You see this business model is of CRO and CDMO, where, the R&D spend 
will all depend on what kind of business we are able to generate in these 
areas because this is not a basic innovation/ research kind of business. 
This is a services business. So, the current level of R&D spend is already 
there, but how this will grow will also depend on what kind of pipeline we 
are able to build and what kind of new businesses we are able to build over 
next few years. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. And can we get some thoughts on the split between CDMO and API? 
Anil Jain: 
Archimica is 80%-20% of the current revenue of niche API and CDMO. 
That's what the current split is.  
Rajnish Sarna: 
TRM is all CDMO and in case of Archimica, more than 20%, 25% is CDMO 
and rest is the niche APIs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from 
Arihant Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. I had 1 question on Archimica. So, I 
understand that they did a capex of expansion last year in September. And 
for the last two years, they had revenues of EUR38 million and EUR42 
million. And we have bought the company at EUR34 million. So, it looks like 
a wonderful acquisition. So, sir, can you discuss something on the 
valuation, which we had? And is it profitable at the net level? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Thank you. Thank you for your compliment. But I hope you'll appreciate that 
on this topic, we cannot discuss what is the rationale for the seller and for 
the buyer for a particular valuation at this forum. But as I said earlier, the 
valuations are not only purely based on the revenue of last year and the 
profitability of last year. There is also future growth prospects there is scale 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
PI External 
up opportunity, then the investment -- further investment needed and all 
that. 
So, keeping in account all these aspects we found this to be a great 
opportunity for us to combine Archimica with other assets that we are 
building and also acquired in terms of TRM to be able to create this 
differentiated business model, whereby we can scale up this whole model 
in a much faster pace than what we would have done by building all this. 
So, in that sense, yes, this is a smart acquisition. But of course, time will tell 
as to how we are able to scale it up over a period of time. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, sir. So just a number, like I think of the EBITDA is about 7 
million. What would be the net profit for Archimica? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This was a private equity owned company. They had their own capital 
charges and the last reported net profit is close to 3 million Euro. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So once again, thank you, everybody, for coming on to this call. And I wish 
the PI team good luck and the great work the team done for a big start at 
the beginning, and thanks for all your support. Thank you. 
Anil Jain: 
Thanks, Mayank. Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PI Industries Limited, that concludes the 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
 
