 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
 
August 01, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
Subject: -  
Transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2023. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 conducted on July 26, 2023 after the meeting of the 
Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of Post Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
website of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investors/policies-reports-filings/  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
 
Nida Deshpande 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
DESHPANDE 
NIDA YUNUS
Digitally signed by 
DESHPANDE NIDA YUNUS 
Date: 2023.08.01 11:30:56 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited  
Q1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KISHOR PATIL – CO-FOUNDER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN TIKEKAR – PRESIDENT AND JOINT 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA HARDIKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL PHANSALKAR –HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– KPIT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED. 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS LIMITED 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPIT Technologies Q1 
FY '24 Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Rahul from Dolat Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul: 
Thank you, Silvan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I would 
like to thank KPIT Technology Limited for giving us the opportunity to host 
this call. And now I would like to hand the conference over to Sunil 
Phansalkar, with Head IR at KPIT to do the management introductions. Thank 
you. Over to you. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you, Rahul. A warm welcome to everybody for the Q1 FY '24 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of KPIT Technologies Limited. On the call today, we 
have Mr. Kishor Patil, Co-Founder, CEO and MD; Mr. Sachin Tikekar, President 
and Joint MD; Ms. Priya Hardikar, CFO; and Sunil from Investor Relations. As 
we always do, we'll start the call with opening remarks by Mr. Patil on the 
performance and the way forward, and then we'll have it open for your 
questions. So once again, a very warm welcome to all of you, and I hand this 
over to Mr. Patil. 
Kishor Patil: 
Good afternoon, and I'm very happy to take you through our quarterly results. 
We started the year on a very positive note in the quarter 1. The revenue 
growth has been 51.7% in constant currency year-on-year. On the constant 
currency quarterly growth is 7.1% and a 8.2% in reported USD terms.In case 
of profit, the profit grew 56.9% year-on-year. The net profit for the quarter 
grew by 20.1%, but it has something onetime. 
If you take out the onetime adjustment, then the net profit grew quarter-on-
quarter by 8%. EBITDA is at 20%, for the first time it has exceeded 20%. 
EBITDA has grown 65.2% year-on-year and 13.3% quarter-on-quarter. So 
overall the performance has been a little ahead of our expectations. The 
pipeline during the year, we had USD 190 million wins. Generally, it is again 
across the geographies. DSO is at 50 days. So last 12 consecutive quarters, 
we continue to grow both in revenues as well as in operating profits. 
On the people side, we have 550+ people net addition during the quarter. We 
are doing our business and recruitment in the normal course of business. 
While we do not give exact numbers, the campus recruitment is going full-
fledged and will be  one of the higher numbers in the recent years. Also the 
increments, we are going ahead with the increments also in the normal course 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
of business. They are across the organization, and they will be effective as 
always from the 1st of July. So otherwise, the business is normal on the people 
side. 
On the attrition side, the attrition is in low teens. On the key parameters like 
what we call key staff and basically top blockers, the attrition has come in 
single digit. Overall, we believe that this is a great opportunity for us to 
improve the quality of talent we are having. On the technology side, the one 
update is on QORIX the entity was spun off from KPIT to establish the joint 
venture with ZF. There is a good development. The team is in place. We have 
hired a CEO. We have hired a CTO from outside. We have identified the teams 
from  KPIT. We'll be moving it in due course. 
Currently, we are going through the compliance of merger control in different 
countries as required legally. So that's on the QORIX side. And not only that, 
but we have got a very positive response from the market. We are very close 
to one OEM sourcing this -- the first product for the platform for QORIX and 
very good discussions otherwise. Overall, otherwise, on the KPIT side, we have 
increased our investments into R&D. We believe there are multiple areas in 
which we need to invest. So naturally, all these results into cost increases in 
R&D. 
The areas in which we are investing includes generative AI, where we have 
put a team together to understand the productivity angle inside KPIT as well 
as what we can do for the clients. Otherwise, other key areas we have 
identified, which are beyond what we are developing, which will create many 
more opportunities for us in future with our existing clients. On the T25 side, 
we continue to go deep and wide. All our engagements are going as we had 
planned. Actually, in a couple of major engagements we talked about in the 
past, Honda and Renault. We are actually accelerating at a faster rate. The 
pipeline is pretty strong. As in most of our clients, we are seeing new horizons 
of opportunity, which hopefully once we form the new offerings, we will get 
a better opportunity to actually go into these areas. 
In terms of next year, we continue with our guidance of constant currency 
growth of 27% to 30%, EBITDA in the range of 19% to 20%. As you know, we 
give the guidance, which very few companies give for the year. We don't give 
quarterly guidance. So, it is our policy that once we give at the beginning of 
the year, we make any changes to the guidance at all at the end of quarter 3. 
Then the overall in case of next quarter, as I mentioned, there will be 
increments.  
And it would have an gross impact of 2.5%. But with the growth coming in, 
we will offset a large part of this impact on the profitability. In terms of 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
sustainability, we have created, and this is an area of focus for us. As you 
know, we look at cleaner smarter, safer world for reimagining mobility. So 
sustainability is something which we have taken up very strongly in the 
organization. 
We continue to engage with our clients on the initiative. We continue to 
engage with our employees on this, how sustainability can become a key part 
of our lives and also on the infrastructure. We are very excited with the -- we 
are excited where we are. As I said, the key trends in the mobility industry 
continue to grow, key clients continue to invest in those. We are in a pole 
position we feel very positive, and we are excited about the different 
opportunity in front of us. Thank you. 
Management: 
 
We can now have it open for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, good evening and thank you for my taking questions. My first question is 
on the margin that you've delivered this quarter, 20%. It seems to be 90 basis 
points higher Q-o-Q. So just trying to understand some of the key factors that 
contributed here. Any color maybe on how much employee utilization rate 
improvement might have helped here. I think the mix of business that you've 
done more middleware revenue this quarter than the previous quarter, that's 
the monitorable factor as well. 
And also, if you could share just to what extent the Technica integration costs 
have that sort of fallen away? I think there was commentary on that over the 
past couple of quarters so just the factors that have helped in the 90 basis 
points Q-on-Q margin expansion? Any color there would be helpful. 
Kishor Patil: 
I think 2 things post naturally, our growth has been a little ahead of our 
estimate. That is one point, which allowed us to really leverage for it. The 
second thing is we could deliver a bit better utilization. So that is the second 
part in terms of overall utilization has gone up. So that is the second part. 
And the third part, if I may say, there are certain platforms and accelerators 
kind of a deal, we have products. So I think a little bit of a change in the mix 
of that. 
So with all these 3 things, we have been in a position to improve our margin. 
The cost of integrations have largely been taken care of. There will be, of 
course, some part because we have external consultants for about a year, 
which we are doing that. But most of the major part of the integration costs 
have already been done. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. The second question is on the demand side, specific to 
the middleware deals. I think late last year, we had announced that there 
were 10 large global OEMs looking at doing more work on the architecture 
consulting middleware side and we were on 7 of those RFPs. So we've 
announced on Renault and Honda. So just trying to understand on the 
remaining sort of 5 RFP opportunities. Could you share with us any key 
monitorables for you, maybe how client appetite is shaping up on these 
opportunities? 
Kishor Patil: 
Very positive. I think when we started, I think our experience is naturally, we 
have matured into that. The second important part is we have now created 
an integrated offering, not only what KPIT has but also what Technica has and 
what other entities have. So, we have integrated that well. Of course, in 
addition to that, I think we have created certain upfront offerings, I mean, 
front-end offerings in architecture validations and before that, blueprinting 
and consulting. 
So I guess -- I mean, overall  putting all together what it allows clients to do 
is substantially reduce their risk or at least get an idea about risk in that 
program upfront. So that is very well received. The engagements are 
continuing to grow as in most of the places, what we talked about all the 
continue to grow in this area, actually, in all the areas, wherever we have 
engaged all these areas, it continues to grow. And as I always said, middleware  
that's one area which is important. But as soon as we get into that area, it 
creates opportunities for us in the other areas also. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. And just my last question, just looking at news flow over 
the past 2 to 3 months, there's been a lot of action on the Asian OEM side, 
companies like Toyota now we have a new CEO who is accelerating the shift 
towards EVs there. I think the Korean names also because of the IRA, the East 
Asian companies, Japan and Korea-based companies seem to have an 
advantage in terms of some of the capex that's going into electrification in 
Europe and in the U.S. as well. So just trying to understand what sort of 
commentary you are hearing from some of your Asian clients? And if you 
could give any color around that would be very helpful. 
Kishor Patil: 
Actually, I agree with you, I think Asia is a good market. And as a company, 
that's a market which we are very bullish about – in the future, whether it is 
India, whether it is China, it is Asia, all these markets, we believe will be good 
markets for us in years to come. And we do see -- they are a bit behind, and 
that's exactly where we think we can bring value to them through our 
experience of working with other OEM’s.. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital 
India, please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a very strong set of numbers. The 
first question is on the guidance. So with a very strong start, the guidance 
now requires a very soft path rate for the next 3 quarters. So are you looking 
at moderation in growth going ahead? Or are you baking in some conservative 
in looking at the macro environment? 
Kishor Patil: 
I think I mentioned in my earlier comments, is we don't give quarterly 
guidance. We don't revise the guidance quarterly. We gave it at the beginning 
of the year. And if at all, it really demands if there is a bigger acquisition or 
then only we revise. Otherwise, we relook it at it only at the quarter 3. So 
that's what we have been following for last many years, and we feel very 
comfortable with this. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. But from a demand perspective, nothing to worry at this point of time, 
all your deal wins and the pipeline looks strong, right? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
The demand part continues to be robust for us. And all our client 
engagements, we continue to go deep and wide with the existing clients. So 
it's -- for us, the foreseeable future is solid. And we just have to keep at it. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, then. Thanks for that clarification. Second question is on the other 
expenses. If you look at the other expenses line item, that is now at 15% of 
revenue, which used to be around 17% 1 year back. And if you look at FY 2021, 
at that time, it used to be 19%, 20%. So have you optimized it to the maximum 
level? Or do you think that still there is some bit of optimization, which is still 
left? And what is the nature of spend being optimized? Is it more on the G&A 
side or also on the S&M side as well? 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
So if you look at it, it is -- I mean, this is a clear reflection of leveraging of 
some of the fixed costs that we have with the good revenue growth that we 
have had, it is Leveraging these costs which are there. Most of these costs 
would  the G&A part. On the sales side, we are investing in some areas. But 
as you know, our strategy is to focus on select set of clients and go deeper 
into theseclients, which means that as we grow more and more in individual 
clients, as a percentage of the revenue generated, the sales % part will also 
keep reducing. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thank -- thank you and all the best for FY’24. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec, please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Hi, good evening, and congrats on the solid numbers. Just wanted your 
thoughts on how should one think about the flow-through revenue that 
comes through once you sell middleware. So you mentioned an OEM is looking 
to source products. So how does that typically flow through in terms of 
incremental opportunity on the services side? And the second is, typically, 
when we think of these products, what is the kind of margins that typically 
accrue for these? Just 2 things overall? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Hi, Nitin, this is Sachin Tikekar. Just a clarification. The middle-ware product 
is going to be part of QORIX, just so you know and KPIT will continue to be 
the software integrator. Just off the hat, clarification. Secondly, the way it 
works is when we get involved in middleware which is somewhat of a heart 
of the new architecture, it gives us larger visibility into the left side of the V 
as well as the right side of the V. 
That is, we can actually work on the core architecture we can work on the 
blueprint  prior to the requirement side, it gives us a better handle on that. 
And on the other side, we can also do more of verification and validation. And 
there is everything in between. So in between, there are applications and 
features to be added which are typically in the areas of infotainment or e-
cockpit or autonomous driving body, and so forth. 
So what happens is when you get involved in the middleware, you see other 
areas where we can continue to provide software integration services to the 
same OEMs. So it's a beachhead of sorts for us to get in there, that we really 
understand what is it that the client is trying to do. And what could be the 
possibilities in terms of providing solutions to sort of meet their objectives 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
And the OEMs that you spoke about where you are seeing possibly initial sort 
of interest, are these OEMs where currently you have a lower share and can 
possibly sort of help you sort of accelerate your share gains within that or are 
they large ones where you already have very good sort of relationships and 
scale? 
Sachin Tikekar : 
It's first of all, all of them are existing OEMs. With some, you're right, there is 
a very deep engagement to start with, and some of the announcements that 
you've heard over the last few quarters. And then there are other existing 
OEMs, where they worked on middleware to some extent. And now they want 
to learn from our experience to take the journey forward. So it's both ways, 
Nitin. It's with the existing clients with whom we have announced sort of 
larger engagements in middleware and related areas, leading to SDV and then 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
exists, some of the other existing ones who want our involvement going 
forward. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure, Perfect . This is very helpful. Thank you so much, Sachin. All the very 
best. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Thank you, Nitin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand 
Rathi, please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes. Sir, first of all, super quarter, so not much to ask where everything is like 
perfect revenue margin. My question I had was more from a medium-term 
standpoint, any assessment that you can share on your wallet share in key 
accounts, meaning strategic 40? And at what stage do you think you may 
need to expand on the client base to sustain your growth rate on the time 
base? That was my... 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Okay. Understood. So let's take one question. The first question was a 
medium-term view. So our medium-term view continues to be fairly robust. 
Our conversations with existing clients are getting richer and more engaging 
as we get involved deeper into their core architecture towards SDV. So we 
really think that based on that, we really think that there is quite a bit of 
headroom to cover within the existing clients in the short to midterm. Having 
said that, it's a very interesting question that you ask is when do we need to 
go beyond our T25 OEM. It's a continuous process for us because it's a 
dynamic environment. 
And there are new players that are coming in, then there are some old players 
who get their strategy revamped. So we have to keep a close eye on that. And 
every year, we make sure that there are at least a couple of OEMs that get 
added to our kitty, so that we don't put all our eggs in a few baskets. We like 
the focus and it's paid rich dividends to us. At the same time, we want to 
make sure that we are not, there is no serious concentration with just a 
handful. 
Mohit Jain: 
And first around wallet share, like where in your sense, like when we see their 
R&D budgets, how much should be ballpark addressable for us? And where 
are we in that journey in terms of space penetration instead of where you 
measure it? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
So as I mentioned, there is tremendous headroom to grow across all the 
clients with whom, we have long-term engagement, obviously, they have given 
us the visibility. As we get deeper, we see a lot more. In some of the others, 
there is a lot more to do. We have to understand that, this work towards 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
software-defined vehicle that will enable the CASE is a tremendous amount 
of work, and it requires many shifts in iterations along the way. 
So to get there, most OEMs are taking at least 2 or a 3-step approach. So first 
is step-on towards the 2026, '27 program, Step 2 is towards 2029, ‘30 
programs, and so forth. So it's hard to define wallet share because they have 
to continue to save money on one hand. And sort of spend more money on 
towards software-defined vehicle, correct? So in some areas, with some of 
our clients, in some specific areas, we have very large wallet share and some 
of the others will continue to increase our  wallet share. 
Kishor Patil: 
So let me take this opportunity to address some current and future 
discussions, we may have on this call. See, initially, when we started, we 
thought the OEM opportunity is about USD 50 million annually for us. I'm sure 
you remember that. We thought our project size will be USD 10 million, USD 
20 million. Now it has gone to  USD50 million, USD200 million. Similarly, we 
believe has our client engagement increased. 
There are a few clients who are coming to USD100 million this year, right? 
And going forward, we believe that's where many of our Diamond clients 
would be there. We believe now the opportunity is actually USD150 million, 
USD200 million annually. So fundamentally, as we have gone ahead, we have 
built our expertise. 
We understand what is the spend. We know which areas we are very 
differentiated, where we can add value. And we continue to do that. And they 
are very well entrenched, not only from just an engagement perspective. But 
actually, how do we get more into architecture, some of our platforms, some 
of our deeper knowledge, different type of engagement. So that's how we are 
engaged with that. 
Now the spend of the client is pretty big actually. So it's not this. So during 
this quarter, I don't want to go into it, I guess you all know because we did 
not get that question. But naturally, there is a lot of spend, if we had to break 
the spend of OEM, OEM will spend certain money, which will be in-sourced. 
So if you take an example, suppose they have to spend out of USD500 million, 
depending upon the client, some of them in-source 30% or 50%, that's what 
they want to do. Then they will outsource. And then there are different 
business models which are coming, which will be on the part of the revenue 
equation, they will not be part of the engineering spend. And these are all 
areas as what we are tapping into. 
Now going back to the first part. When the client is trying to do their in-
source, that again is an opportunity for him many times because they cannot 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
really find a talent or this, again, to engage with the company, such as KPIT, 
but they can also work with some other clients because basically, they are 
trying to get services from different players. 
Now the other part of that is many of them also, I want to address it upfront 
because there are the captive centers, etcetera, they will certainly set up the 
captive centers because this part, 30%, 40% is big. And they cannot find this 
3,000, 4,000, 5,000 people of this expertise outside. Not only that, they have 
to do it also largely also on the IT side because that's where they can also 
reduce their costs. 
So in future, we have had the discussions also in many cases, where they 
want to set up their centers, they want to do this part where we may 
participate or we may not participate, depending upon how we feel. Now 
many of them are also looking for a partner in India for doing IT plus 
engineering or as a center or doing even a joint venture with them, which 
ultimately, of course, they will acquire in a certain time of frame. 
We want to remain focused on what we do. We want to focus at the higher 
end of the business, where we can take the full ownership of the business. 
We want to be ahead of the thought leadership. That's how we want to drive. 
We want to be on a place, where we can add value into their monetization 
part. 
So from that perspective, this is what is happening. Now any news coming in, 
it doesn't mean that is at the cost of KPIT. We are very, very confident. We 
are in a very confident zone. We are very comfortable zone. But I just thought 
I will address this point because this small things could keep on coming. So 
that's why I wanted to address. 
Mohit Jain: 
Thank you very much, sir. And just to be sure, you're saying are you can get 
USD200 million also from one client from them? 
Kishor Patil: 
Absolutely. 
Mohit Jain: 
That’s good. Perfect. That clears a lot, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dipesh Mehta from 
Emkay Global, please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing on the prior question answer. I 
just want to understand how global auto majors are choosing their partner. 
And what kind of the constraint they are facing because the overall demand 
remained very strong, whether the talent sourcing is the big challenge for 
them, and that's why they prefer to work with multiple partners or capability-

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
wise, they are finding differences and that's why there are multiple partner 
kind of strategy? 
And do you think, let's say, two years, three years down the line, there would 
be some consolidation may happen? So if you can provide some 
understanding about how overall ecosystem is currently evolving? And how 
KPIT is trying to benefit from the emerging trend? Second question is about 
the data-related question. If I look... 
Kishor Patil: 
Can we do one by one I think it just makes it simple -- so in this case, this is 
what actually I answered to a large extent. But just to tell you, right now, for 
the next seven years, eight years, as we see, OEM is in an area, where they 
are trying to do what they don't know necessarily. They are trying to catch up 
with some of the other technology areas, but in some areas, they are very 
advanced in some areas, they are not, and they have to catch up with multiple 
things. There are a lot of unknowns for them and for everyone else in the 
industry. 
That's where they are trying to engage with somebody, who has experience 
of working with multiple companies. They understand their problems, they 
have ability to solve it and they have solved it in some way. So that's where 
actually KPIT is playing. The reality is people use this SDV phrase very loosely. 
But we are talking about the platform, which they build for the future and the 
new architecture. 
That's where they need a very, very solid partner. And when we explained 
some of our deals in the past, including Renault, right, that point of time, we 
were not even engaged with the clients. But we got engaged with the clients 
because they thought they need a different kind of engagement. So KPIT is 
engaging on these areas and the new areas based on a different level of 
expertise, end-to-end expertise. And if you ask me, KPIT is actually partner 
with the highest scale with very solid competence. 
And in terms of range of expertise, the depth of expertise and problems 
resolving kind of expertise, that's where KPIT stands out. And that's what KPIT 
is basically dealing with. So the other part where they are trying to build their 
own centers and that they can engage with the people because they're looking 
at certain specific skills or specific projects. As I said, we work on more 
platform side here, they're working projects or programs. That's where they 
engage with multiple clients on project basis or a specific engagement basis. 
That's what they are trying to do. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. And other question, which was about, if I data-related thing 
about if I look revenue by vertical, which we report, the other segment, which 
we stop sometime back sharing, it seems to have increased substantially 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
after, let's say, if I adjust for the two segments, which we report, passenger 
and commercial vehicle, others seem to almost 3 and half  million to 4 million 
addition quarter-on-quarter. 
So if you can provide, what led to that sharp increase, almost 35% of 
incremental revenue came in others, this quarter? And second question is 
about margin. Now we are at closer to 20%. How one should look margin 
trajectory? Have we have given guidance for current year, but from a medium-
term perspective, whether this is the optimal range or do you think there is 
an upside to margin? Thanks. 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
Now on the first question, if you look at others, this is the first quarter where 
we have consolidated FMS revenues, the majority of that portion has gone 
there. So you'll see some split happening from the next quarter onwards. So 
there is nothing which is substantially changed in that segment apart from 
this. Otherwise, there would be a set normal growth that has happened in 
that segment. 
On the second part, on the margins, so we are at 20%, as Kishor said in his 
opening comments, we'll have wage hikes next quarter, and there would be 
some impact on the operating margins next quarter. And obviously, we have 
guided for a 19% to 20% margin for the whole year, and we are confident of 
being in that range. If we take a medium-term view, obviously, as we have 
said earlier, there are opportunities where the margins can go up. 
But of course, we will also look at whether we need to accelerate some of 
our investments in order to look at growth going forward and balance out that 
to the margin. So that is how we look at it. From an operations point of view, 
there is definitely scope for improvement in margins even beyond 20%. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. Thank you. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Agrawal from 
Yellowstone Equity, please go ahead. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Yes. Hello, thank you for taking the questions. My first question is on QORIX. 
It seems like a high potential like our product company, which tend to have 
large on investments and long gestation periods. So I just want to a sense of 
like what kind of investments would be required and before the company 
entered revenues and what kind of gestation, we are going to be looking here? 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
So as we have said earlier, when we announced QORIX, this is a company 
which will work on the product side for the middleware platform. From the 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
KPIT point of view, we will invest about EUR 5 million upfront and then in 
another EUR 5 million over -- after about 18 months. That's what the 
investment from KPIT side would be. And of course, the other partners ZF 
would also invest into the joint venture post receiving all the regulatory 
approvals from merger control processes. That's what it is. 
Kishor Patil: 
So just to remind you, KPIT has invested has moved a lot of IPs it had built in 
this area. So that is valued differently. And of course, just to corollary of that, 
ZF will invest more cash in the transact. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
And the third aspect is about the gestation period. Since we are actually 
putting our own IPs in it, our time to market will be much faster than, let's 
say, a startup. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Okay. Understood. And so -- but still like some idea like two years, three 
years, five years? 
Kishor Patil: 
What gestation part? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Two years, three years is the right. 
Kishor Patil: 
I think, that's what we have planned actually for three years, four years, but 
looking at traction we see, it may be ahead of time. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. And then more of a bookkeeping 
question, what kind of effective tax rate we should bake in on a steady-state 
basis? 
Priya Hardikar: 
About 25% for the year. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
Okay, 25%. Okay. Great. That's all I hhad. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sandeep from Equries 
Securities, please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. And thanks for the opportunity and congrats on being a great set of 
numbers. Most of the questions being answered. Just looking at FY '23 being 
a solid year in terms of closure of large deals as well as megadeals. And that 
clearly shows that our win ratios are going up, and we are becoming a 
preferred vendor in eyes of the OEM. So is it fair to say, these opportunities 
increasing our offering gap is also reducing a book-to-bill ratio between 1.5x 
to 2x can be maintainable beyond FY '23 in which year we have shown a book-
to-bill of 2.4x as a whole. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Sandeep, we are not sure whether we are able to hear, we didn't hear you 
properly. Can you break -- can you repeat your question maybe in smaller 
pieces? 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. What I'm trying to say is FY '23 being a great year in terms of closure of 
mega deals and the large deals and which has resulted in a book-to-bill of 
2.4x. It clearly indicates that our wallet share is increasing. We are becoming 
a preferred vendor in the space. So looking at the opportunity and the 
offerings which we have versus peers, is it fair to believe that, 1.5x to 2x book-
to-bill is quite maintainable? 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
So, it is difficult to look at and say about the guidance for the book-to-bill 
ratio. But what we believe is if you look at the closures that we have done, of 
course, last year, there were some mega engagements, which we have closed, 
which has improved that. But definitely, I think going forward also, looking at 
the current pipeline and our positioning, it is fair to assume that it will be 
quite steady. 
Sachin Tikekar : 
And Sandeep, what I would like to add is just to -- just for clarification is, yes, 
we announced two sort of long-term engagement. We continue to have 
meaningful engagement with all the other clients that we don't necessarily 
announce for various reasons. So of course, there are two big ones where the 
business is growing. But if you look at the closures that we have announced 
for this -- for the last quarter, it was on the back of our existing clients, which 
are not these two clients. I just want to say that is sort a little more broad-
based amongst our top 25 OEMs and not just dependent on two. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Helpful. And just a follow-up. Is there a mega deals pipeline 
continuation in robust and anything in the advanced stage versus what we 
have done with Renault, Honda similar size of deals are in the pipeline? And 
anything in the near term can be closer? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Sandeep, I think as Mr. Patil mentioned, as we go deep and wide with these 
clients, we just see much more than meets the eye. And not all of them will 
be sort of packaged together as what you will call mega engagement. 
However, over a period of time, looking back, they'll all seem like mega 
engagement. You know what I mean? So essentially, the point is going deep 
and wide, and some we possibly announce, but mostly there'll just be work 
that we'll continue to do and add to our existing T25 OEM clients. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshay Ramnani from 
Axis Capital, please go ahead. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Hey, thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a great quarter. 
So I have a few questions and go one by one. First one is on the -- your 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
comment on OEM revenues becoming $100 million or $150 million plus. So 
does that in any way affect your or limit your ability to scale up another OEM 
to a similar size since you're already working with their competitors. So just 
trying to understand that does this type of scale with a particular OEM means 
that your business remains structurally remains a high concentration of 
business and client selection, thereby becomes very key? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Actually, that's a fair question. And for us, I think as we go deep and wide, I 
think these will -- some of them will move into that 100 million, 150 million 
to 200 million category. However, one has to understand that OEMs used to 
work with Tier 1 that used to serve their competitors. So they are used to 
working with key partners that work with their direct or indirect competitors 
across the globe. 
And to that has been the case with KPIT -- that will continue to be the case 
in case of KPIT as we become the software integrator to many of them. We 
don't see that as a hurdle for us to continue to go deep and wide. As long as 
we are there to solve their meaningful problems. They are more than happy 
to engage with us, knowing really well that what we do with them remains 
only with KPIT, right? That's something that we have to do very judiciously 
and we'll continue to do so. 
Kishor Patil: 
And they're not looking at it as a concentration because we are looking to 
scale this for multiple clients. So overall, I don't think any big change than 
what we have or probably it will be more balanced in the future. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
You got that. Second one was in the presentation, there is a mention of focus 
on improving the rate realization. So if you can please elaborate on that, how 
is the pricing environment? What kind of price increases are we talking about? 
And when do they kick in? 
Kishor Patil: 
No, I think we continue to do this as and when our contracts allow us to do. 
We haven't faced any issues right now. I mean in increasing the rates. And 
then maybe we have to be also mindful about what we ask for. But we have 
been in a portion to slowly steadily increase our realization. One is the rate, 
but the second is also when we are moving towards the fixed price projects, 
how we engage and get a premium at how we can improve the productivity. 
These are the areas are continuing to do, but that will also help us in 
improving the realization. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Got it. Another one was similar to the pricing model. So since we are now 
heavily investing in IP up, would you look to price them towards more 
outcome-based or license-based services or would we just continue to be 
tools and accelerators and enabling you to become a larger software 
integrator? So how should we look at that strategy? 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Kishor Patil: 
We would like to be a software integrator and actually, we have accelerators, 
platforms which we have some licensing, etcetera. But it's a small part of the 
business currently. We believe, overall, if you look at it, there are different 
models which are evolving. And we are not in a hurry to change -- make any 
change to our business model. This is what clients are comfortable, we are 
comfortable with. But in certain specific areas, we naturally are experimenting 
different models. As this is more comfortable and the clients  still more 
comfortable and they see better value, we will do that. But for some time, at 
least, we will continue to go with our current one. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Great. Last question from my side was, if you can also touch upon the 
offshoring trend, are we going to see any increased offshoring in second half 
of this year as some of the large things mature? Or there is really no shift at 
H1 versus H2? 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean that depends upon the stage of the project, as we have said. We can 
-- we are also creating nearshore facilities. We have been doing offshore 
facilities. For sure, there are two parts. One is whether we have that kind of 
a competence and where we have that competence and how we can leverage 
that. And of course, it should be economically viable and cost-efficient for 
the client. We don't have to be lowest, but we had to be moderate on the 
cost side. So that's a balance. There is, of course, opportunity to increase 
more as these projects stabilize in the next couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest 
Advisory LLP. 
Anika Mittal: 
Good evening, Sir. Sir, my first question is in the last quarter, what was there 
a value share of Technica? Are we seeing the same growing say 20% in 
Technica going ahead? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
I'm sorry, we don't hear you clearly. Could you just repeat the question, 
please? 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, my question is in the last quarter, what was the revenue share of 
Technica? Are we seeing the same growth, say, 20% in Technica going ahead? 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
See, now, I mean, we have already said that we are completely integrated 
now, and it is really difficult even for us to know what is the Technica growth, 
what is KPIT growth. It is all integrated together and it is KPIT plus Technica 
together growth. So it's difficult to segregate that out. 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is, how Honda recently done an agreement with 
SCSK regarding the software development? Are you seeing any downside in 
the venues due to the diversification in vendors via client? 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
I think that is probably a couple of times addressed already in the call where 
we have said that, that has no impact on us, and we are actually ahead of our 
engagements with our clients, as compared ot our plan, and we believe that 
we can add to a little better or more than what we had earlier anticipated. 
So that has got no impact. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, my last question is any update on the hydrogen technology on which we 
were working on the progress which you can share? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
As a strategy, we'll continue to invest in future technologies and hydrogen 
being one, we've been working on it for several years now. Now the only 
change is some of the production programs have actually started to take 
place, and we are very happy to hear that there is a large hydrogen truck 
integration program on which we are going to be a key partner. So the good 
news is what we have been talking about as the future is becoming reality in 
some pockets.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip 
Capital India, please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes. Thanks for the follow up. Just one slightly long-term question. In terms 
of the overall SDV development where the entire software architecture is 
changing. So where are OEMs in that journey, when can they derive the 
meaningful revenue from after-sales services, which are the areas which are 
looking promising in terms of monetization? Happy to hear your thoughts are. 
Kishor Patil: 
I think most of the programs are late by about a year in the first year. So -- 
and we believe that many of them have compromised in some way for 
multiple reasons in the best possible architecture. Of course, they will also 
learn from this experience  So really in new sense, I guess they will be ready 
by about 2030 in some, let's say 2032 by something which is very solid. But 
on the services side, I guess, in some specific area, the monetization will start 
and will start maybe in the next couple of years, and it will keep on increasing. 
But the real opportunity is when the SDV structure is fully integrated. 
Karan Uppal: 
And any areas where monetization you think is looking promising where 
customer adoption will be quicker? 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Any areas where the monetization will start early in... 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. I mean, one simple thing is the maintenance or whatever the dealers are 
doing, right, at what basically Tesla did, right? So they basically eliminated 
Dealers to a large extent and kept them only for set services. So for the new 
generation of cars, that's what people are trying to do. So that will be one 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
area upscale of certain new features of software that will be the other 
monetization part. 
I think certain areas in terms of entertainment and gaming will be a third area 
where it could happen. Payments, maybe the core areas it could happen. So 
these are some of the areas which may happen. I can't predict exactly when 
and how. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
Also, what some of the OEMs that are -- what they are doing is some of the 
things that were available as part of the vehicle, as soon as it gets moved 
through a software, they're actually offering that as on demand. So some of 
it that came bundled up as a vehicle has been separated out and also offered 
as a service. So again, that's one area which will continue to grow, which has 
started to happen in some bits and pieces will continue to grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. In the Microsoft call earlier in the day, they 
mentioned that Mercedes is bringing ChatGPT via as we are to more than 9 
lakh vehicles in the United States. So making for this car voice assistant more 
intuitive. So are we going to see that as a good incremental opportunity or 
this is just a small extension would not be much significant? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
This is in line with what Mr. Patil just said. Some of these things now you can 
call it ChatGPT or  Generative AI. Essentially, these are some of the services 
that are getting extended through the vehicle. And that's their way of creating 
the service model. So it's an interesting one that they have announced, and 
we'll see variations of it going forward. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, right. And also with many this global OEM planning, increased 
production exposure in India, does that make your proposition any better or 
do not make much difference as these may be orderly deeply engaged already 
with us? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. I mean there are always some local projects specific to geographies. And 
I'm sure we can play a more meaningful role there. Right now, most of the 
people are doing largely what they are doing globally, but I can see now that 
things standing and there are specific to India, some features being added, 
some programs being taken on. I'm sure we can add value. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pankaj Kumar and 
Individual Investor, please go ahead. 

 
 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations for an excellent result. In the last conference 
call, you said that Q3 and Q4, the second half is not going to be as good as 
the first half, but still you believe it will be like that only? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes, I think we have said that the acceleration will happen in H1 better than 
H2. , Q3 traditionally a softer quarter. And we wanted to accelerate in H1 
looking at it  to be safer, we wanted to accelerate in the first part of the year. 
And that's what we are trying to do on the existing programs and projects we 
have. In that context, we have said, market and the opportunities look right. 
Otherwise, the environment looks good. So if at all, they have to revisit, we'll 
regain quickly. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Right. And the second thing is you said that there will be 250 bps of gross 
margin impact due to wage hike, but you would be able to manage that. And 
finally, there will not be any impact in the next quarter. Is that understanding, 
correct? 
Sunil Phansalkar : 
We have said that the gross impact is about 250 bps on the margins, and we 
will be substantially able to absorb that with operational efficiencies and 
revenue growth, but there would be some impact on the margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As this was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
So thank you, everyone, for being a part of this call. And if you have any 
further questions, please write to me. My e-mail address is mentioned in our 
investor update. Thank you so much, and have a great evening. 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Rahul: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
