 
 
 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LTD. 
Knowledge Centre, Plot 58, Street No. 17, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093. INDIA | Tel: +91 (22) 6102 0000/1/2   
|  Fax : +91 (22) 2834 3669  |  CIN: L72200MH1987PLC045205 | business@datamatics.com | www.datamatics.com 
August 17, 2023 
 
 
  To,  
Corporate Communication Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers, 
Dalal street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
  BSE Scrip Code : 532528  
 
    Symbol : DATAMATICS 
 
 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript for Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we would like to inform you that the 
Company has held a conference call with the Analysts / Investors on Thursday, August 
10, 2023 at 05:30 p.m. IST for management discussion on unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
Please find attached transcript of the call on unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023. The same can be accessed on the below mentioned link: 
 
https://www.datamatics.com/about-us/investor-relations/earnings-call    
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Datamatics Global Services Limited  
 
 
 
Divya Kumat 
EVP, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
(FCS: 4611) 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
DIVYA 
KUMAT
Digitally signed 
by DIVYA KUMAT 
Date: 2023.08.17 
10:52:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Datamatics Global Services Limited  
Q1 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL KANODIA – VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DATAMATICS GLOBAL 
SERVICES LIMITED  
MR. SANDEEP MANTRI – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DATAMATICS 
GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. MITUL MEHTA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – DATAMATICS 
GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Datamatics Global Services Limited Q1 FY’24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from E&Y IR. Thank you and over to you Pratik. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you Carol. Good evening to all participants in the call today. Welcome to the Q1 FY’24 
Earnings Call of Datamatics Global Services Limited. The “Results and Presentation” have been 
already mailed to you and it is also available on the website of the Datamatics. In case anyone 
has not received a copy of press release and presentation, please do write to us and we will be 
happy to send you all. 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have with us top 
management of the company, represented by Rahul Kanodia – Vice Chairman and CEO, 
Sandeep Mantri – EVP and Chief Financial Officer and Mitul Mehta – EVP and Chief Marketing 
Officer. Rahul will start the call with brief overview of the quarter on business which will be 
then followed by Sandeep talking on financials. We will then open the floor for question-and-
answer session.  
I would like to remind you that anything that said on this call which gives any outlook for the 
future of which can be construed as forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are included but not 
limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual 
reports which you can find on our website. 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Rahul sir. Over to you, sir.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you Pratik and a very warm welcome and thank you everyone for joining our Quarter 1 
FY’24 earnings call. I will briefly discuss some of the quarterly performance highlights while 
Sandeep will provide an update on the financials.  
I'm happy with the overall performance of the business. We have started the year on a strong 
note with respect to both revenue and profitability. Our revenue stood at INR 391.1 crore which 
is a growth of 19.6% on a YoY basis. Our EBIT stood at INR 58.6 crore compared to INR 39.3 
crore in the same period last year. This translates to a growth of 49.2% in our EBIT which is a 
very healthy growth. Although our revenues declined by 6.1% and margins by 3.1% on a 
sequential quarter basis, this is not a concern because Quarter 4 always tends to be a strong 
quarter for us due to the cyclicality of some of our projects and Quarter 1 the salary hikes kick 
in.  
In Q1 of FY’24 we added 14 customers, most of them are in the US and European markets. On 
a Y-o-Y, our active pipeline has increased by 58% and 35% on a Q-o-Q basis. Additionally, we 
are also working on a few AFC opportunities which we believe we are in a good position to win. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Our strategy of focusing on hyperscalers is progressing well. We have deepened our relationship 
with Microsoft, Salesforce and AWS and assigned a new relationship with Crowdbotics, a 
Company focused on low-code and no-code development. These have started generating good 
opportunities for us.  
Artificial intelligence is transforming how we live and conduct our business. We have been 
investing in our AI capabilities, and Generative AI has only redoubled those efforts. We are 
constantly incorporating AI into our Technologies, Operations and Experiences business and as 
well as the product business. We are investing in establishing a robust AI center of excellence. 
The CoE aims to enable enterprises to build and implement their professional enterprise-wide 
AI roadmap. The CoE has built multiple AI accelerators in automation, software coding, 
customer experience and employee experience to speed up AI implementation. We're also 
incorporating artificial intelligence in our operations across all three lines of business. In Digital 
Technologies, the team is implementing AI enabled copilot development to improve 
productivity across all stages of software development lifecycle. We have also enhanced our 
product TruBot and TruCap with generative AI. This will deliver enhanced benefits of 
automation and productivity too for our customers. 
In Digital Operations, Datamatics has implemented AI in the enterprise document management 
domain. Today, Datamatics is processing 15 million annual report pages for global credit reading 
agencies and analysis firms using AI powered document processing. We see the opportunities 
increase productivity across Digital Operations business. In the Digital Experience sales area, 
the team has built an AI enabled customer service chatbot for L1 and L2 support, delivering a 
high level of omnichannel customer experience. These initiatives reinforce a commitment to the 
customers to go deep in digital in this transformation journey.  
In conclusion, all the three segments are on a strong path and will continue to perform in the 
coming quarters. Due to the macroeconomic factors, we see some slowness in decision making 
on the customer side and we had factored it in when we had given a guidance of about 14% to 
15% growth for this current financial year. Given the strong pipeline that we have, we are 
confident that as the year progresses, we will maintain our growth momentum and the margins 
would be stable. With that, I will now hand over our call to our CFO, Sandeep Mantri. Sandeep, 
over to you.  
Sandeep Mantri: 
Thank you, Rahul. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us in Q1 FY’24 earning call. 
Our Quarter 1 FY’24 revenue, as explained by Rahul, stood at INR 391.1 crore, which is a 
growth of 19.6% on a Y-o-Y basis and a decline by 6.1% on a sequential basis. Our consolidated 
EBITDA for this quarter was at INR 67.8 crore, which is up 41.8% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our 
EBITDA margin for the quarter is at 17.3% as compared to 14.6% in the last year same quarter. 
On a sequential basis however, there was a slight decline from 20.2% to 17.3%. Please note that 
full year EBITDA for FY‘23 was 16.6% and in Q1 FY’24 we are at 17.3%. So, we are in line 
with our expectation. Our consolidated EBIT for the quarter was at INR 58.6 crore, which is up 
49.2% on a Y-o-Y basis. EBIT margin was at 15% as compared to 12% in the last year same 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
quarter. On a sequential basis, EBIT margin dropped from 18.1% to 15% primarily due to salary 
increments and investment in products and development.  
Our other income on a consolidated basis stood at INR 9.1 crore, which is primarily grown 
because of exchange gain loss. Our quarterly PAT after NCI was at INR 55.1 crore, which is a 
decline of 7.8% on a sequential basis and a growth of 26.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our tax rate for 
this quarter was in line with our expectation at 18.7%. If we talk about EPS, our EPS for the 
quarter was at INR 9.34 per share, which is higher than last year's same period which was at INR 
7.36 per share.  
Talking about segment wise revenue performance: 
Our Digital Operations revenue was at INR 167 crore, which is a growth of 13.2% on a Y-o-Y 
basis. Digital Operations EBIT margin was at 20.1% and its contribution total  revenue was 43%. 
Digital Experience revenue was at INR 66.2 crore, a growth of 43% on Y-o-Y basis, EBIT 
margin was at 23% and contribution to total revenue was 17%. Digital Technologies revenue 
was at INR 157.9 crore, a growth of 18.6% on a Y-o-Y basis. Digital Technologies EBIT margin 
was at 6.2%. Last year in the same period if you remember, we were at negative 4.3%. So, we 
have a marked improvement in the performance of Digital Technologies business. The 
contribution of Technologies business to total revenue was 40%. We continue to maintain a 
healthy balance sheet. As of June 30th, 2023, our total cash and investments stood at INR 555 
crore compared to INR 498 crore in the last quarter. So, we have measured almost like INR 57 
crore in our cash and investment. Our DSO was at 60 days as of June ‘23 as compared to 67 
days in the last quarter, which is March ‘23.  
In terms of geographical footprint: 
US remains our largest geography with 55% contribution coming from US followed by India at 
24%. The rest of the world including UK and Europe was at 21%. In terms of industry footprint, 
BFSI continued to remain the largest segment for us, which include 25% of our revenue followed 
by education, publishing, & technology, and consulting both segments stood at 20%. Then 
manufacturing, infra and logistics was at 12%. Nonprofit or non-government organization was 
at 10%. Retail contributed 9% of our business and other segments are 4% of our total revenue.  
If we talk about client concentration; it is very healthy, with top 5-10 and 20 clients contributing 
to 25%, 38% and 52% respectively. So, these are the financial updates. With this I will now pass 
on the call to operator to open the floor for questions. Thank you for your patience and continued 
interest in Datamatics. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin the question answer session. 
The first question is from the line of MK Reddy from MR Investments.  
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
MK Reddy: 
My first question is regarding this product business. When I look at the global companies, they 
spend R&D around 15% to 20% and sales and marketing up to 40%. But we are conservative in 
spending of product development business as we guided in the previous call, its INR 40 to 50 
crore. Just want to understand whether we are spending less when compared to global peers or 
is there any cost advantage we are getting because we are based in India? That’s my first 
question. 
Rahul Kanodia:  
No, we are not spending less. It was very important to get a core set of initial clients and that's 
what we were doing. We have enhanced our product substantially. Now we've incorporated 
Generative AI into the product as well. This year we're very confident that we will have a good 
run because we've signed up some very marquee logos. If you may recollect our previous IR 
calls, we did say that additional revenues that flow in will be invested in sales and marketing. 
So, we will increase the sales and marketing spend as the revenues grow and sort of be more in 
line with the other competitors in the industry.  
 MK Reddy: 
How much of our projects are fixed price and how many of our contracts are time and material 
contracts that’s my question? 
Sandeep Mantri:  
We don't keep that data. Right now we have not started keeping that data for investor call for 
obvious reason. So, we will continue with the same position. We will not disclose this data of 
time and material and fixed price. But we will see later on.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
I don't have an exact number to give you but I imagine it's a decent balance between the two but 
I don't have the number handy.  
MK Reddy: 
My last question is regarding this, many of the global peers are moving from product business, 
moving from license based to SaaS based models. For example, if I look at Temenos, 100% of 
their offerings are now SaaS based. So, they are not selling any more license-based licenses. Just 
want to know what is our contribution in product business which is 40% of our revenue? How 
much is regarding this license and how much we are receiving from this subscription-based 
revenue? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, our product business is not 40% of our revenue. That's not correct. We by and large don't 
disclose the specific revenue stream from products. Having said that, we do not do licenses. All 
our things are on what it is called subscription basis. So, it's an annual subscription. And today 
all our products are on SaaS model. So, they are hosted and customers use it as a hosted service. 
So, the entire platform is SaaS and it is annual subscription, not a one-time license.  
MK Reddy: 
In our product business, regardless of  our typical deal sizes and sales cycles, what is the  
implementation cycles? How much time it takes from product being licensed till the product to 
go-live? 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Rahul Kanodia:  
The product to go live from the time of deal closure is about like two weeks. So, that's not very 
long. Very often these are 3-year deals, so it gives you a steady revenue, at least for the possible 
2 to 3 years. The deal sizes have started increasing, earlier in the initial period, they used to be 
in the range of about $50,000-60,000. Then it went up to about $100,000 to 200,000. Now we're 
getting deals at about half a million. One off cases, we also get a million dollar, million and a 
half dollar deals. So, we are steadily seeing the deal sizes increasing, which is a very healthy 
sign. Some of the logos that we've signed are absolutely marquee logos, global fortune 
companies and those companies have deep pockets. I'm sure that once we engage with them, 
those deal sizes will increase.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak from Wizworth investment.  
Deepak: 
Would like to understand when you say, this year we will have good growth compared to 
industry. What gives us confidence that this year we will have growth? Second question is the 
March was an aberration in terms of performance or going forward we will have sort of similar 
margin, etc.? 
Rahul Kanodia:  
So, let me answer the second question first. So, every year our Quarter 4 tends to be higher 
because we have some elements of seasonal business. So, because the seasonal business kicks 
in Quarter 4, for us Q4 is always higher than Q3 or Q1. There's always a slight dip in Q1 
compared to Q4 usually. Last March was a little higher than normal, but nevertheless it was 
healthy. And therefore, you see Q1 a little subdued compared to a little muted compared to Q4. 
However, if you compared to Y-o-Y, we've had a 19.6% growth on revenue and a 49.2% growth 
on EBIT. Now to your first question on what gives us confidence, our pipeline of deals has 
grown 60%, almost from Q1 of last year and if you see on Q4 of last year, it's grown 35%. So, 
the pipeline has grown extremely well. And that gives us confidence that we will certainly hit 
our numbers, if not even surpass that. In Q1 so far, we've grown 19.6%, which is quite healthy 
given that we were looking at a 15% growth for the whole year.  
Sandeep Mantri: 
And even our Q1 EBIT margins are higher than the last year full year average, it is almost 
approximately 1% higher than last year average.  
Deepak: 
And within segments, which segment we think will have a higher growth and which segment 
will have lower growth and whether the last year average margin is maintainable this year or we 
will have some upside because of the scale.  
Sandeep Mantri: 
I think as the year progresses, all the three segments will have more or less similar growth. The 
margin which was there last year, we will maintain or improve slightly on the margin thing for 
this year for FY23-24.  
 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Rahul Kanodia: 
If you see the investor deck which you may or may not have right now, our Digital Experiences 
have the highest growth in 43% in percentage terms, followed by Digital Technologies and then 
followed by Digital Operations. I do believe that our Digital Technologies will be very healthy 
for the year. In terms of margins as Sandeep Mantri mentioned, we should see stable margin in 
fact, slightly better. So, we should improve over last year for sure.  
Deepak: 
One last question, if I may ask. On the Digital Technologies side, we are growing good and we 
are focusing a lot. So, any new product by which we can have a good revenue bump up.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, not product, because we are still largely a services company. As I mentioned in my address, 
we are focusing on the hyperscalers, which is Microsoft, Salesforce and AWS and we've seen a 
very good pipeline coming from that area. So, we expect that to drive the growth for this year. 
On a long-term basis, we will also see AI kicking in but this is too early because AI is still being 
explored in the world. The whole world is sort of figuring out what to do with it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramesh Bajaj, an individual investor.  
Ramesh Bajaj: 
I have two questions. One is related to the AFC business. Can you all throw some light on the 
AFC business?  
Rahul Kanodia:  
The AFC business we have gone live with line 2A and line 7. We just started working on line 
2B. These are deals that we had won recently. In terms of the pipeline, we have two or three 
large RFPs coming in. We will be bidding for them, and we are very confident that we'll win 
some of them for sure. We can't predict right now because it's too early. But I know we are 
participating, and we will certainly close some deals. So, that is also looking very promising.  
Ramesh Bajaj: 
The second question is related to acquisition. So, any plans of acquisition in the coming months?  
Rahul Kanodia:  
We are in dialogue with some prospects and target companies. None of them have matured to 
the level or stage where we need to make any announcements. But yes, we are in dialogue with 
a few companies for application.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of MK Reddy from MR Investments. 
MK Reddy: 
How many of the products are in development stage? We have six products you had mentioned 
in the presentation, have their development and testing phases been completed? Now we need 
to ramp up our in-house sales and marketing team. Just want to know within the products, how 
many products need investment and how many products have completed development and need 
a ramp-up in sales and marketing efforts? 
Rahul Kanodia:  
All the products are already developed. We are TruCap+, TruBot, iPM, TruBI and TruFare. So, 
now the investment in them is going on two counts. One is incremental enhancement with newer 
technologies. So, there's always new technologies. We are right now talking about artificial 
intelligence. So, that keeps getting incorporated into these products. So, that's one area of 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
investment. The others of course, as you rightly pointed out, are sales and marketing. So, this 
year will be a lot more focused on sales and marketing. Because that's really what will drive 
revenue. The products are ready. The coverage we have received from analyst firms like Gartner, 
Everest, Forrester, these kinds of companies, have been excellent. They've given us some very 
good ratings. Our customer feedback from these products also has been excellent. On the basis 
of which we've won several marquee logos as I mentioned. I'm very positive that it will see a 
good revenue stream in the years going forward. To answer your question in a nutshell, a lot of 
investment is done, incremental improvement will keep happening and the focus will be on sales 
and marketing.  
MK Reddy: 
Again, this appreciate for the reducing this DSO which is 60 days in Q1 FY’24. My question is 
regarding this AFC, automatic fare collection platform which last year contributed 6% to our 
revenue. How do you see the margins and working capital involved in this product in this 
platform when you sell it in India and now, we are aggressive trying to sell in international 
markets also. Just want to know in terms of AFC, in terms of margins and working capital.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
The margins as I mentioned in one of my earlier calls, we chose to go very aggressive with our 
pricing because we wanted to capture a significant market share. That strategy was well 
executed. Today I must say that Datamatics is in a pole position and we are a dominant player 
in AFC in India. So, our objective and strategy worked well. Now we are looking at a more 
correct pricing. Of course, we still need to be competitive but our margins will improve because 
we are now correcting the pricing versus going aggressive, point one. Point two is that we have 
started focusing a lot more in the international market and we've got a good pipeline coming in 
there as well. The international margins tend to be much better and therefore and of course you 
have the natural advantage of a dollar revenue versus a rupee revenue. So, that gives you a 
benefit. In terms of working capital it does consume a fair amount of working capital because 
these are semi-public sector kind of projects and they're milestone-based billing. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Only working capital is consumed as sometimes we are not able to bill because of this milestone. 
Once we bill, then normally these fare collection companies pay well within times. We have not 
experienced any delays in collections. The only issue with these large contracts is basically 
milestone billing which will remain at least for India part.  
MK Reddy: 
My last question is regarding this Digital Technologies. For this quarter we reported around 
6.2% EBIT margin. When I looked at some of the product companies, they are having almost 
25% to 30% of margin and matured companies like Oracle which is listed in India, they're having 
more than 40%. Just want to know when our investments will be fructified and when will we 
reach at least 25% margin from current 6.2%? 
Sandeep Mantri: 
As Rahul explained earlier, this is not a completely product company. When we talk about 
Digital Technologies, it is a product plus services and services are substantial portion of the 
revenue. So, we really can't compare with product Company as of now because our product 
revenue contribution in the whole Digital Technologies is not so large and therefore, we need to 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
see services company. Second is that we are investing money in these R&D and sales and 
marketing of product which is also to some extent compromising these margins and that's why 
the margins are low.  
Rahul Kanodia: 
On the products that we talked about, which is TruCap, TruBot, iPM and things like that. We 
talked about an investment of INR 40 to 50 crore and that is what we are “bleeding”. They'll be 
losing money. So, whatever new money comes in from revenues we would spend on sales and 
marketing, and we'll maintain that INR 40 to 50 crore figure for the next 2 to 3 years.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Shah from AUM Fund Advisors.  
Saurabh Shah: 
Question was regarding the new business from the hyperscalers. Rahul just wanted to understand 
the product proposition from Datamatics standpoint for these hyperscalers and if you could give 
us a sense of given the product and the future, how do you expect to see this wallet share or this 
market for you? So, you get a sense of what's the growth kind of possibilities over here given 
that's one of the large spaces you're targeting? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I follow the first question, I'm not sure I followed the second. Let me answer it anyway. Then 
you can ask your question again perhaps. On the hyperscalers which is focusing on Microsoft, 
PowerApps, Salesforce, AWS, low-code and no-code. These are hyperscalers because it has 
rapid growth. These pockets tend to grow at a substantially higher rate than the traditional IT 
services. If you look at traditional IT services, you're talking about 2%-3%-4% growth, even 
maybe 6%-7% on the higher side. These hyperscalers are growing at about 30%-40% a year. So, 
therefore, in some very small pockets they might even hit 50%-60% growth. So, our strategy 
was to focus on these high growth areas because that is for the rest of the Company. The 
traditional legacy IT services is not the most exciting from a growth perspective. So, right now, 
the focus on hyperscalers is still a small footprint. Our current footprint is not very large and 
therefore you don't see the total impact on our growth. Although we are still growing in IT space 
or Digital Technologies at 18.6% for this quarter which is still a healthy growth. But with the 
hyperscalers kicking in I expect that that growth figure will be higher. As far as the second 
question is concerned, as I mentioned I didn't really follow it. So, if you could sort of ask that 
again I would be happy to answer. 
Saurabh Shah: 
So, the question was here, I think a follow up to what you just mentioned in terms of what's the 
current size with these hyperscalers and you mentioned that you just now have a small footprint. 
So, should we expect, for example, Datamatics’ own revenue to grow in this 35% to 40% growth 
that these hyperscalers are currently experiencing. And what does that do to you? In the sense, 
are you looking to get more market share? If you could give us some sense of the competition 
that you face while accessing this opportunity? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, Datamatics, of course, all of Datamatics is not in this hyperscalers space, so therefore the 
overall impact will not be at a 30% growth. Having said that, these pockets are growing very 
rapidly. So, Digital Technologies is one area, and within Digital Technologies, we have the focus 
on hyperscalers, we have AFC, we have robotics and intelligent document processing, and then 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
we've got some of the cloud and digital transformation services also, digital business operations 
and things like that. So, these are all pockets within the Digital Technologies. Some of these 
pockets are growing very rapidly, and that's where we want to focus on. 
In terms of Datamatics, I think you'll see in about a year, year and a half, of course, assuming 
we don't have any macroeconomic challenges, I think we'll see a fairly healthy growth coming 
in. As I mentioned, we are getting some good marquee logos. Now in terms of competition in 
this space, we are seeing competition, of course, with all the big guys, they're all there, but 
because this space is growing fast, the demand is high and therefore we are able to capture a few 
good opportunities. Our initial pipeline was extremely promising, and we did come across some 
very good size deals, sizes in the range of even $2-3 million. But of course, there's still a pipeline. 
So, we are seeing good sized deals and we're seeing not as aggressive competition, just because 
there's a latent market that's just absorbing every opportunity that you can. 
Saurabh Shah: 
And maybe the last follow up within Digital Technologies, how much would the hyperscalers 
be as a percentage within that segment? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I don't have that figure handy. I know it's a small footprint, but I don't have a number handy with 
me right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya, an individual investor. 
Shreya: 
My question is about the customers. So, we have heard that you have lost some major customers 
in this quarter. So, can you just give some clarity? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, there was some kind of a false rumor and a false alarm that I don't know how it got triggered. 
We did on that give a clarification to the stock exchange. And I was on ET Now as well, so 
we've not lost any major customer. Everything is business as usual. It was some kind of a false 
rumor that was there for some reason. 
Shreya: 
And one more question I have is about the AI market. So, how do you see the AI market and 
what are the opportunities? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
The AI market is very vibrant. It's growing globally at about 40% CAGR right now. The world 
is investing very heavily in AI, but at the same time, there's a lot of fuzziness and confusion in 
terms of the direction because there are no very clear solutions that have come out yet. So, these 
are all initial early days where there's a lot of exciting technology that's coming out, but people 
are still grappling with how to deploy it in the enterprise. In the consumer market, it's a little 
easier because it's not very critical to be absolutely accurate. But in the enterprise you've got to 
have very high precision and that's where there's some degree of lack of clarity in the global 
market in terms of the solutions. Having said that, Datamatics has developed several 
accelerators. We have successfully piloted them. We are now taking them to our customers. And 
once we take them to our customers, we see what traction we are getting. But it looks promising. 
I think if you're looking at a three-to-five-year horizon, AI will make a huge difference in this 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
world of technology. Right now, it's not going to give you a result on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
but a three-to-five-year horizon will be important to look at. So, I think we are well entrenched, 
and we've got a good team that's working in several areas in the world of AI. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
back to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you all. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you everyone for participating in this quarterly call. I really appreciate the questions and 
answers and the interaction we've had. I do look forward to meeting you again next quarter, and 
if you have any other questions, please feel free to reach out to any of us and we'll be happy to 
give you more insights. Once again, thank you very much and look forward to engaging with 
you again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Datamatics Global Services Limited, we conclude today's 
conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
