 
Adani Wilmar Ltd.                                                        Tel  +91 79 2645 5650 
Fortune House                                                             Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing                            info@adaniwilmar.in  
Ahmedabad – 380 009                                               www.adaniwilmar.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
 
Registered Office: Fortune House, Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India 
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2023-2024/44 
 
August 9, 2023 
  
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543458 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q1 of F.Y. 24 of Adani Wilmar Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated August 2, 2023 regarding audio 
recording of Q1 F.Y.24 Earnings call held on August 2, 2023. Please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Wilmar Limited 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia  
Company Secretary 
Memb. No. – ACS 20217 
Encl.: As above 
 
adani 
wilmar 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed by 
Darshil Mayank 
Lakhia 
Date: 2023.08.09 
11:19:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Adani Wilmar Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – ADANI WILMAR 
LIMITED 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
adani 
wilmar 
For :ai healthy growing natijon 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Adani Wilmar Limited Earnings Conference 
Call for Q1 FY '24 hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. It's our pleasure at I-Sec to host Q1 FY '24 results conference call 
of Adani Wilmar. The management is today represented by Mr. Angshu Mallick, who's the Chief 
Executive Officer and Managing Director; Mr. Shrikant Kanhere, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Saumin Sheth, Chief Operating Officer. 
I'll now hand the call to -- hand the call over to the management for their opening remarks, post 
that which we can open for Q&A session. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Management: 
Yes. Thank you very much, very good afternoon to everyone who have joined this call. Thank 
you very much. As a ritual, what we will do is we'll take you through a presentation, a very brief 
presentation, and then we'll open the floor for Q&A. 
Moving on to the presentation. We'll just talk about the macro context for the quarter. There 
were multiple headwinds during FY '23, which continued in the Q1'24 as well, Ukraine war 
refuses to die down and there are a lot of events which keep happening in and around this issue, 
which impacted the edible oil prices, going up and down. US inflation continued to play the role 
in entire volatility. It's still sitting at 4%, much above the US Fed target of 2% and therefore, the 
hiking cycle, which continued within the last year. TRQ quota, finally, now we are done with, 
but, as far as the Q1 is concerned, TRQ quota was there. June '23 was the end for the TRQ quota. 
So hopefully, from the next quarter, we will not have issue with the TRP quota. There was a 
drought in Argentina, where the soyabean crop yield practically reduced by 50% from as high 
as 50 million to close to 25 million. Luckily, it got compensated with a good crop in Brazil. 
Wheat and rice export ban and there were a lot of countermeasures that Indian government took 
to ensure the food security for India. These all events have got some or other impact on the 
profitability of Adani Wilmar. 
Edible oil prices, as I said, continued to decline from as high as $2,000 a ton in April to now 
below $1,000, which is quite a significant drop. In the quarter also, it kept coming down every 
other event, which has got some or the other impact on the profitability. 
On the business updates, we have been working very hard on the distribution front. Our direct 
reach of outlets is now more than 6 lakh outlets. Rural coverage towns, which we are closely 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
working on is now close to at 22,000+ towns, which we have covered till now. Last quarter, this 
number was close to 13,000+ towns. So in this particular quarter, we have added 6,000 to 7,000 
towns. Rural saliency now is a little more than what we used to see earlier. From 30%, it's now 
going up to 31%. 
So, if you look at from FY '20 to quarter 1 '24, it's 2x kind of a jump in terms of direct reach 
outlet, and we are closely working on ensuring that how can we take this direct reach from 
presently a little more than 600,000 outlets to 1 million outlets. Rural coverage town, if you 
compare from FY '20 to Q1 '24, it's more than 6x improvement. 
On market share, we maintained our leadership in edible oil with 19.5% market share with the 
follower sitting quite below us at 13.8% and the rest of the competitors are actually within the 
range of 5% to 6% of market share. Wheat flour, we remain the #2 player in the country with a 
market share now of 5%, from 4.9% to 5%, which is again up 10 basis points in a year's time. 
Rice, our market share went down for the Fortune brand from 7.9% to 5.9%. This is something 
which is a cause of concern for us, and we are working very closely to see that in which markets 
is this impact which have come to us. I think as we go forward, we will have a definitive plan to 
ensure that we go back to the level of the market share which we used to have a year back. 
There are some new products which we launched in this quarter. We are the first company – the 
first national company, rather, I would say, to launch a whole wheat (grain) under the Fortune 
brand. We launched 4 varieties of wheat -- whole wheat under the Fortune brand. And the 
numbers are quite encouraging for us. The response which we have got so far from the 
consumers is quite good, and we hope that we will grow this basket to a respectable level by the 
time we speak to you next year. 
As we said earlier, the HoReCa focus continues, and we have launched a product called Ozel, 
which is a cleaning agent, which can be used by the restaurants and hotels for cleaning their 
linens and cleaning their floor and utensils. I think this product has also been received very well 
by the consumers. 
Our D2C focus remains. Fortune Mart is now present -- we have presence in 26 cities with 33 
outlets, more than INR2,300 of average order value, which is quite encouraging. Sales is also 
growing steadily from Q1 '22 to Q1 '24, 10x kind of growth, which we have been able to register 
in Fortune Mart. Similarly, when we talk about the Fortune Online, which is an online D2C 
initiative, we are there right now in 25 cities with 64,000-plus downloads, 38,600-plus orders in 
FY '23 and average order value of more than INR1,000. And this also, within a year's time, we 
have been able to showcase a growth of 15x. 
Supply chain updates. Now we are present -- continue to be present at 90 depots with more than 
2 million square feet of depot storage under our company. Now we are basically moving slowly 
to the multimodal kind of a dispatch situation where more than 18% of our dispatches are 
through a multimodal logistic in terms of railway, which is also something which we are driving 
as an ESG initiative. Direct dispatches are quite encouraging, 57% of our dispatches are now 
directly to the consumer (distributors) instead of going into the depot. And we have been driving 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
that how can we increase the CNG portfolio in terms of our dispatches. So we have now close 
to 5% of our dispatches which are through a green fuel, that is CNG. 
We have launched a new Kohinoor campaign. For the benefit of all those who have joined the 
call, we have uploaded the TVC, it can be played by you all offline. We'll skip this for the 
moment. 
On the marketing activities, our Soyabean Campaign and all the other campaigns continued in 
Q1, including Sunflower Oil Campaign. We continue our digital marketing for Fortune Atta as 
well as for the Mustard Oil Campaign. We have had targeted activities for Rice Bran Oil and 
various activities across India depending upon the regional preferences. 
On the ESG, we continue to focus on our ESG initiatives. We have now more than 9 plants -- 
all major 9 plants have got a zero liquid discharge. On green energy, successfully, we have 
implemented solar power in our 8 plants out of 23 plants. And our palm oil traceability continues 
to be more than 90%, which is traceable till mills, for the quarter. And as far as the recyclable 
packaging is concerned, we continue to have more than 98% of our packing material as 
recyclable. 
Update on our IPO Projects are running on time. Whatever we had envisaged in our prospectus, 
which was filed at the time of IPO, we are running all the projects as per the schedule. All 
projects should get delivered by end of FY '24 or FY '25, and that's where these projects will 
start contributing to the top line and bottom line of the company. 
Coming to the result highlights, the edible oil, food FMCG and industry essential, our pie of 
food is steadily increasing in terms of volume. In fact, it has now reached to the level of 18% in 
terms of value, it is 16% of overall revenue, whereas 60% has been -- 59% is being contributed 
by edible oil. 
As far as the numbers are concerned, which is what everybody is interested to understand, our 
revenue went down by 12%. It is basically a function of edible oil -- steep decline in the edible 
oil prices. And in our business, as we said earlier also, our revenues are impacted due to 
inflationary pressure. So that's the reason why the revenues went down in spite of the fact that 
we have been able to showcase a very encouraging volume growth of 25% and for any food 
FMCG, growth of 25% on volume is quite significant, and we are very happy to say that all our 
segments, whether it is the food, whether it's oil, or whether it's the industry essential, have been 
able to showcase a good growth in this quarter. 
The gross profit has gone down by 21%. So in absolute terms, the gross margin has gone down 
by close to INR300 crores. This basically happened due to basically high-priced inventory, 
which was there in our hand due to the falling edible oil prices. And besides that, the major 
reason was the disalignment of hedges with the physical market in India. 
So all our hedges, which we have done on the exchanges didn't move in tandem with the physical 
market in India. So the vice-versa gain and loss, which ideally has to happen between the hedge 
and physical market, didn't happen in this quarter. It's a onetime phenomenon, which we see 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
because market, we have never seen such kind of phenomena earlier. We hope that as we go 
forward, this should not be the case in quarter 2 and quarter 3. 
Similarly, when you look at an EBITDA, PBT and PAT, they have been in tandem with what 
we have been able -- not able to showcase in the gross margin. So we have a – gross margin 
degrowth of INR 300 crores and similar fall we can see in EBITDA, PBT and PAT. 
So whatever has been lost at a gross margin level has been flowed down to the PBT and PAT. 
On standalone, numbers looks little better. We have less loss as compared to the consolidated 
because unfortunately, in this quarter, besides AWL, our subsidiaries and joint ventures also 
posted loss more or less because of the similar reasons which we faced in the quarter 1. 
On segments, as I said, the entire loss and not-so-good performance is on account of edible oil. 
Food kept growing. I think when you look at the segment results of the food, it is steadily 
growing, steadily improving the volumes and also steadily improving its profit. So food profits 
went up from INR 10 crores in Q1 FY '23 to INR 38 crores, which is quite encouraging. And as 
we go forward, I think this should keep improving. As far as edible oil is concerned, as I said 
earlier also, it's more to do with the disalignment of hedges and the high-priced inventory, which 
was in our hand, which should be seen as a onetime event for us. And as we go forward, we 
should be able to post better numbers from here. 
This slide, I think I have already explained, inventory loss and disalignment in the hedges. 
Besides that, there was a slight disadvantageous position that continued for us in the case of 
TRQ, which now is no more. I think TRQ quota was discontinued after the June '23. 
On the outlook, I think we are quite bullish on the trends which we have been able to showcase 
in the quarter 1. And therefore, given that the edible oil prices have already cooled off in a level 
-- below $1,000 a ton, and the festive season is on our head, I think from here, demand should 
be very good. Industry is also showing the similar trend. Edible oil has gone up by 5% in terms 
of industry. Similarly, wheat flour industry has grown by 12%. Basmati rice has grown by 9%. 
So these all are indications that what we can expect in quarter 2 in terms of volume as well as 
revenue. 
So this is all from my side, a very brief presentation, which I gave. Now I request the moderator 
to open the floor for question and answer. We would be happy to take on the questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on normal margins, when do you see your -- pre this very high inflation and 
then very high deflation, when do you see that kind of normal margins coming back? Do you 
see that happening in H2? Or still it will be somewhere in between, say, Q1 and the normal 
margins? 
Management: 
See, as I said, the edible oil prices have now been stabilized, but Abneesh, the problem is the 
geopolitical events are still continuing, in a sense, this Ukraine war, for example. Now this Black 
Sea corridor was closed, earlier it was open for food grain. Now this kind of event keeps coming 
and going, which has got an impact on the edible oil prices. But having said that, I think what 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
we saw in quarter 1 is very, very unusual that the exchanges moved in a different tandem than 
the physical markets in India. This ideally should not be the case as we move forward in quarter 
2 and quarter 3. Having said that, today, sitting at this point of time, you can't actually forecast 
anything because today, the world has become so dynamic that you never know what is going 
to happen tomorrow. But this disalignment kind of things, I think, should get resolved as we go 
in quarter 2 and further in quarter 3. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So a few follow-up questions there. So of course, you are the largest player here with 19.5% 
market share. A lot of regional players who have even wafer thin margin. So if you are making 
a 1% EBITDA margin for the full quarter, what would be your sense of margins which local 
payers are making? I understand for every player, the inventory levels will be different. But you 
are the expert in terms of the inventory, commodity understanding, much higher sourcing 
advantage, etcetera. So would regional players also would have actually made losses, given you 
have made 1% EBITDA margin? 
Management: 
See, Abneesh, we won't be able to comment on what the regional players or other players might 
have been able to do as far as the margin front is concerned. But having said that, our case is 
quite different, given the fact that the volume and the scale at which we operate and therefore, 
everything which we do, is quite big as compared to any regional player. Having said that, 
whatever difficulties we have faced in the quarter in terms of disalignment of hedges, if other 
player has also hedged his position, he would have also faced a similar situation. That is what I 
can confirm. Having said that, I can't comment on what kind of numbers which they would be 
able to showcase. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Right. My last question is on the rebranding initiative for Kohinoor. I have seen the 
advertisement also. So I wanted to understand, before you actually bought this business, you had 
the Basmati rice under your own brands also. So where is the market share -- combined market 
share? And in terms of synergy benefits, how much has already panned out? And where do you 
see this combined market share over a 3-year time frame? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, on Kohinoor, I think the new advertisement has come after almost 4, 5 years. McCormick 
was not advertising in the last 3 years. And after we took over last year, we felt that we need to 
come with a new media break. Now both Fortune and Kohinoor has their own strengths and own 
synergies. Strength is, one, Kohinoor is a very strong HoReCa brand. It has always been a very 
strong HoReCa brand and Kohinoor Trophy Royale has been one of the most preferred Basmati 
rice for the Indian shelf. So we have got back -- started getting back that share because these 
type of businesses generally go either annual contract or something, but we have started doing 
it. 
After that, Kohinoor, we have used 2 ways. One with Kohinoor brand, we also got there almost 
125-odd distributors who were working for McCormick that time, everybody joined us, and we 
started Kohinoor with them. But then our strengths are that we have such large edible oil 
distributors in the rural market, which we have leveraged them and almost today, more than 
1,500 distributors of our edible oil is also handling Kohinoor at a smaller town level. So that is 
giving us a reach and that is why today, Kohinoor has reached more than 55,000 outlets. This 
quarter end, the market share has gone up to 3.7% Kohinoor alone. So to that extent, I think the 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
brand will continue to garner more and more strength. And after the advertisement, I'm sure 
everything will be much better. 
Third is that, Fortune has its own distribution and the distributors who are handling Fortune 
brand Basmati rice in the major towns and Kohinoor rice own distributors. But below 1-lakh 
population towns, we have common distribution so that we can use the strengths of these 
distributors, and that is where we have combined the both Fortune and Kohinoor. So we have 
used our strengths wherever it is required. And wherever we don't want to bite into each other's 
market share, we have created separate distribution. Put together, I think next 2, 3 years, you 
would find surely -- double-digit is surely a thing that -- we are confident that we will reach 
more than that. But a strong double-digit is what we are looking at Kohinoor and Fortune put 
together. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So one last follow-up there in terms of positioning in terms of regions and in terms of giving 
brand support to both Kohinoor and Adani in Basmati. What will be your strategy medium, long 
term? I'm not asking for near term. Will you see how is the response to the new branding activity 
on Kohinoor market share? Will that be something you will consider or you have already 
formalized what will be the strategy in terms of brand support to both? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, historically, Kohinoor has been very strong in South and West. Say, for example, Gujarat, 
surely one of the largest selling Basmati rice brand. So West and South, we will continue to push 
and garner more and more share. Fortune is more strong in East and North. So we will see how 
we can use each other's strengths and get the market. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Karan from ICICI Securities. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Yes. So firstly, on competitive intensity. So we saw the market leader HUL, I think there's some 
regional players, as you say, inflation has receded off, a lot of regional players are coming up, 
and they're growing faster than, say, nationals players, right? So any trend as you've seen, has 
the competitive intensity from the regional players or smaller players has increased? And we 
have gained a decent amount of market share for the last couple of years, right? So do we see 
any risk to lose market share gains, given that some of these regional players or smaller players 
will come back? 
Management: 
See, each of the products, I will address it separately. On edible oil, we have seen regional 
players, particularly in Sunflower oil, each of the state of South has a brand. But at the national 
level, there isn't any new competition coming up. Local players continue wherever they can 
manage the business well. But slowly, with such type of price fluctuations and hedging issues 
and all that, it's not easy for a smaller player to continue profitably. That is one. So the pressures 
are always there. 
As far as wheat is concerned, I would say nationally, there are only few brands. Apart from ITC, 
we are there. And regional brands are there. And in wheat flour, we see that happening. But 
because of the strengthening in the wheat prices, we have seen last year also, and we are seeing 
now also, slowly the regional players are under pressure because they are not able to buy wheat 
and then process it and sell profitably. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Third is in rice -- Basmati rice. I don't see any other new local brand coming up because it's an 
all India business that you have to do. And sitting in one part of the country, I don't think all 
India rice can be sold like that. So 3 good brands in the nation. I think that is what will continue. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Just to follow up on that, then you're saying that a lot of regional players are facing some issues 
because of the price situation could lead to some losses. So are there any opportunities that you 
are seeing for acquiring any particular brand or any particular facility, if you see any 
opportunity? If you can comment on that. 
Management: 
See, this is a very continuous affair to look at competition, evaluate them and see the assets. But 
honestly speaking, we aren't interested in acquiring any brand because we have Fortune as a 
brand, we have King's as a brand. King's is now the third largest soyabean brand in the country. 
And then we have Aadhar. We have Jubilee - bakery brand and we have second largest palm oil 
brand that is Raag Gold. So when we have such strong brands, there is no point in having another 
brand and then maintaining it. We are interested in assets and we look at it. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Okay. Secondly, on -- if you can comment about the growth difference between urban and rural. 
How is the recovery of the rural markets happening? And does urban continue to be as strong as 
it was for the last few quarters? If you could comment on the growth of those... 
Management: 
In AWL, what we do is that 1-lakh-and-above towns are called urban and less than 1 lakh is 
rural because every company has their own definition of rural and if you take this -- so between 
urban and rural, our edible oil 70% business comes from urban towns and 30% comes from 
rural. In case of food -- branded food, staples food, it is around 31%. 
But last one quarter, we have seen, because of the edible oil prices coming down, the rural 
markets have started getting into the brands, and we have seen 1% increase. So overall, overall, 
now it is 31% rural and 69% urban in case of edible oil. So clearly, there is some extra growth 
that we see in rural market. Bigger growth we expect in next 2 quarters after the monsoon sets 
in and the good crop comes, hopefully, so. Then October onwards, I feel that rural markets 
should start doing better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JPMorgan and Chase. 
Latika Chopra: 
So the first question was, is it possible for you to quantify the impact on profitability due to these 
hedge losses? And is it right to assume that these are basically stepping in your COGS line? 
Management: 
Yes. So Latika, that is what I explained. The basic impact on profitability for this quarter is on 
account of 2 reasons. One is, of course, the high-priced inventory in a falling commodity market 
and other is the disalignment in the hedges where the hedges -- where the exchanges went up on 
one side, whereas the physical market didn't move in the tandem with the exchange. Now put 
together both these, impact is the basic impact on the P&L. Then rest all the parameters of 
business have performed the way they should be, whether it is a cost, whether it is anything else, 
whether it is a yield. So these 2 basic reasons put together actually costed on a gross margin 
level itself, which is, if you look at our gross margin, absolute drop is close to INR300 crores. 
So both, put together, these 2 reason is INR300 crores. And this -- whatever we lost on gross 
margin is actually reflective in our EBITDA as well as our PBT. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. The second question was on volume growth expectations for edible oil and food 
business for FY '24. The first quarter, a 25% volume growth plus for edible oil. It seems the base 
will also start coming up in coming quarters. So is it right to assume that growth rates will 
normalize to low double-digit levels in the upcoming quarters? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes. Latika, you are right, the last year first quarter because of the very high prices, the volumes 
were low. Going forward, I don't think this kind of strong double-digit will remain. However, 
let me tell you, India imported almost 22% more oil during the period from November to June 
this year versus last year. That's an indication that India has started consuming more because of 
the lower prices. Now if this is true, then I'm sure that by end of the year, if not 25%, but at least 
in the range of around 12% to 15% should be an average India growth story as well as ours, I 
think so. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. And food I noticed last year, it was I think a 35% plus volume growth year for you. And I 
saw you talking about some share losses in rice in the quarter. And for this quarter, the volume 
growth was, I think, 20%, 21%. So do you think this will accelerate in the coming quarters? And 
also, if you can talk about any new capacities that are coming up to rest of FY '24 and even FY 
'25, which could help you to push up some skews on the food business? 
And of course, any interesting thoughts on the rice portfolio? What really led [inaudible 0:32:20] 
caused by localized, regional competition? Is it very geography-specific? Any color on all of 
this would be helpful. 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, this quarter, we have grown at 21% over last year, same quarter, but the major loss was in 
the export of non-Basmati rice that we did last year, April, May, June, and it was very good 
because we had a lot of exports to China. Now we couldn't do that because of the broken Basmati 
not allowed -- non-Basmati not allowed plus white rice also with 20% duty it reduced. Now of 
course, it is banned. 
This year, now onwards, till '25 -- FY '25, we have Gohana plant coming up, which will add 600 
ton daily capacity that is paddy to rice. So about 15,000 tons paddy per month, we will do. Plus 
we have around 10,000 tons of rice to rice line we are putting up. That will be ready by next 
year, not this October, but surely October, November '24, that is what we are targeting. Apart 
from that, in Gohana, we are putting a 200-ton Chakki Atta mill along with 300 tons of flour 
mill. So that 500 tons per day will also come up around early '25.  
And we are also planning 1 or 2 more places. So I think overall, the food, our own captive infra 
is increasing. Plus as you know, we also take some units on tolling (lease) where we run the unit 
and that is what we are doing for continuing with the expansion plan. So overall, overall, we are 
confident of continuing with the expansion. Yes, little setback on the rice that we'll make up 
through our wheat flour. 
Latika Chopra: 
So you think this 21% in Q1 should improve in the coming quarters? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, surely. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Latika Chopra: 
Okay. And the third thing I wanted to check one on -- I understand edible oil prices are fairly 
volatile, always difficult to call out. But as you stand today, if you look at the realizations that 
you did for edible oils in Q1, do you think that's the bottom or you think it could further come 
down in Q2? 
Management: 
See, Latika, I think, as I said in answering earlier question from Abneesh also that I think prices 
are stabilized now. Having said that, plus/minus because of any few political event will keep 
happening. But the levels of $800, $850 and $900 a ton is something -- is even before the pre-
COVID levels. So I think this should continue the way today we are, unless something major 
happens. Like, for example, I'll just give you the recent event which has happened which is a 
Black Sea corridor closure. 
Now the Ukraine has also issued a warning to Russia saying that if you don't allow our cargo to 
go out from this Black Sea corridor, we will also not allow your food grain to move out of the 
sea. And now because of that, what happens is the Sunflower oil prices little bit corrected 
upwards. Now if this kind of event keep happening, there might be some impact and bullishness 
in the edible oil prices. But certainly, these will not cross the way which we have seen last year. 
And we should continue to look at the realizations which we are sitting on today. 
Latika Chopra: 
Understood. And the last question was, Angshu, you connect with a lot of people on the ground, 
definitely, we are seeing very erratic weather pattern. Any initial thoughts on food inflation, 
paddy sowing, your pricing in the market that you're getting? How are you feeling overall about 
the commodity price inflation in the country? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, we'll have to take individually. I think sugar and oil is surely comfortable. These prices are 
comfortable. And this will continue -- if this continues like this, then there is nothing to worry. 
The issue is on wheat and rice. Pulses also, I would say most of the pulses are okay, except the 
toor, but toor also maybe some restrictions might be put. Already it is there to control the prices, 
but still it is INR100-plus now, INR100 plus. 
As far as wheat and rice is concerned, this government also would like to keep the prices stable 
and that kind of pressure will be there on the manufacturers also to see how we can keep the 
prices as low as possible. The inflation pressure is there. Surely, it will be there, and we can see 
that happen. Only good part is from the entire basket, edible oil has always been the costlier of 
the product. So if edible oil is under control, then possibly INR1, INR2 more on wheat flour, 
consumers can afford, so they can do it because the bigger basket is edible oil in terms of value 
as a percentage of total household staple is purchased. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vishal from Yes Securities. 
Vishal: 
Yes. Just 1 question from my side. In edible oils, wanted your view on how consumers have 
responded to sharp correction in MRPs. So are they buying in bigger quantities or are they 
limiting their purchase, hoping for further correction or stabilize the MRPs? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Good question, Vishal. This is -- we are seeing increased purchase of 5-liter and 15-liter. 
Normally 5-liter is a barometer, where when consumers buy 5-liter means their comfort levels 
have come back. We are seeing now that share is increasing. In between last year, if you ask me, 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
pouch share was more, but now the rigid-pack 5-liter and 15-liter is increasing, indicating that 
these prices are now at comfortable levels. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So -- because this quarter would have been a -- second quarter or it's been already 3, 4 
months of stabilized prices at MRP level. So would that have benefited this particular quarter in 
terms of higher volumes as you have mentioned that 5-liter packs have gone up sharply? So 
would there be any benefit in this quarter from that front? 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think consumers have seen the MRP coming off, prices coming off. So that has increased that 
consumption. Otherwise, 25% increase in branded pack edible oil for the largest player is an 
indication that consumers are consuming higher quantity. That is one. Two, reduced MRP is 
giving them the benefit. And going forward, if this type of MRPs continue, then surely, this 
festival season, the consumption is going to be much better than last year. 
Management: 
So just to give you one more data point for your consumption, while the company recorded a 
volume growth of 25%, the brands recorded a growth of 39%. So that itself is -- I mean, what 
the question which you are asking, if consumers are buying, and that's the reason why the brand 
portfolio grew by 39%, while overall company grew by 25%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from ASK Investment Managers. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
I don't know if you have already responded this thing in an earlier question asked. Sir, like you 
mentioned, high cost inventory and the cost of hedging combined had a close to INR300 crores 
impact on the gross profit. So is it fair to assume that if the prices remain stable where they are, 
edible oil, and these issues do not, say, play out in future, so 3%-plus operating margin or 
EBITDA margin for next 9 months, it's a reasonable expectation or on high side? 
Management: 
No, it should be a reasonable expectation because this is -- if this kind of disalignment doesn't 
happen in future, our business as usual which, say, gives you EBITDA margins of anywhere 
between INR3,600 to INR4,000 a ton should continue. We won't be able to tell you whether it 
will be 3% or 4% because EBITDA as a percentage to revenue will depend upon what kind of 
inflationary pressure bear on the revenue. But if such kind of disalignment between hedge and 
the physical market doesn't continue, then it's fair to assume that EBITDA range of INR3,500 to 
INR4,000 a ton should be achievable. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Yes. So that's the reason I assume the prices remain stable. So no inflation? 
Management: 
Yes. Yes. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
And second part, like in FMCG part, what should be the volume growth expectation and margin 
profile for the rest of the 9 months? 
Management: 
So FMCG means, you mean to say Food & FMCG? 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Excluding the edible oil part. 
Management: 
Yes. So food FMCG, you are saying. So food FMCG, as Mr. Mallick said in an earlier question 
-- answer to earlier question that this year -- I mean, in this quarter, we were able to post 21%, 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
22% of the growth. But as we go forward and since the consumption is picking up and demand 
is picking up, ideally, it should be in the range of anywhere between high -- not high, but close 
to 30%. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
30% revenue growth, you're saying, right? 
Management: 
No. So revenue and volume more or less... 
Angshu Mallick: 
Because in food, we have seen prices go up, particularly rice. And so 25%, 30% in volume also 
can be like that in revenue, should not be a... 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Okay. And last bit, like interest cost has risen because the benchmark rate has also increased. So 
if interest remain where they are, so this should be the new normal going forward? 
Management: 
Yes, this should be a new normal. Fortunately, what has happened is that while interest 
benchmark has gone up, but the edible oil prices fell. So therefore, the working capital volume 
has come down, so which has compensated, to some extent, the high benchmark interest. And 
therefore, when you look at an absolute, the interest cost, what you look today is something 
which would continue for coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Just one follow-up question in terms of direct reach. So we have seen a significant increase in 
our direct reach as compared to FY '20 and the rural coverage town has also increased. So what 
are the benefits that we expect out of this increased direct reach? Do we see a significant 
improvement in throughput per outlet? And if you could quantify what would that be -- what 
that would be. 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, one of the reason -- means one of the output of this increased reach and increased rural 
distribution has been the very high growth in the packed edible oils now. This is not necessarily 
only because edible oil prices have come down, so the consumption has increased. Our reach 
has surely increased today. We have gone into direct reach of 600,000 outlets. So earlier, it was 
in the range of around 5.5, 5.6. So that 30,000, 40,000 outlets added in this quarter, more than 
7,000, 8,000 towns -- rural towns added this quarter, then we added some more depots. 
So all this put together has pushed our distribution much better. Direct dispatches have increased 
57% almost. So that has helped us to reach the direct consumer and passing the freight benefit 
to make it much more competitive. Like that, we have been trying to push the sales. All this put 
together, that is the distribution efforts, have surely yielded results. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
And a follow-up on that, would this direct reach actually benefit the Food & FMCG businesses 
because we'll be able to place new product launches and multiple product launches that we're 
doing in Food & FMCG food visibility? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, you are very right because when you are reaching directly, then we have an option to push 
all the products. And 1 lakh and below -- all our distributors are common. So it gives them a lot 
of strength when they go to the outlet to sell either sugar or dal or rice or besan or atta, whatever 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
 
Adani Wilmar Limited
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
it is. So he has multiple products. A retailer generally wants at least 1 or 2 more products. So 
surely, the reach helps in direct penetration. And we have seen that in Kohinoor where from 
35,000 outlets, we are now at around 50,000 outlets -- 55,000 outlets. So that has helped us to 
increase our penetration and reach. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
And what would be your plans to increase this direct reach to what levels? From 600,000 outlets 
to -- what is the plan for next year or, say, next couple of years? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Three years target is 1 million. So we are -- year by year, we will increase the number of outlets. 
So it will take at least 3 years minimum. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Management: 
Thank you very much, everyone, for joining this call, and we do invite you to all our conference 
calls moving forward. Thanks for tracking our company, and we are hopeful that we should be 
able to do better as we move forward. Thanks. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 
