IN 
| x 
: du AG 
LJ) 
i) Mob. 
: +91-9435046554, 9876434000 
La 
Web 
: www.anmolindialtd.com 
| Android 
: www.goo.gl/DCvQ6Q 
26" May, 2023 
The Listing Department 
Corporate Service Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
25% Floor, P J Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400051 
Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Scrip Code: ANMOL 
BSE Scrip Code: 542437 
Sub: Transcript of Investor's Conference Call organized on May 23, 2023 to discuss Financial Results 
for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 
Dear Sirs, 
In continuation to our letter dated 24™ May, 2023, Please find attached the Transcript of Investor's 
Conference Call organized on May 23, 2023 to discuss the Financial Results for the Quarter and Financial 
Year ended March 31, 2023 for your information and records. 
Please take the same on your records. 
For Anmol India Limited 
PARABH patsy 
OT KAUR Rime 
Parabhjot Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A26715 
REGD. OFFICE 
: 
BRANCH OFFICE 
BRANCH OFFICE 
lind Floor, 2/43, B-Block, 
Office No. A-24, Kutch Archade, Ground Floor, 
1, New Grain Market, 
Aggar Nagar, Ludhiana 
Survey No. 
234, 
By 
1 and 235, Mithi Rohar 
Kapurthala, Punjab-144601 
Punjab-141001 
Gandhidham, Kutch, Gujrat-370201 
GST : 03AADCA3712D1ZI 
Ph. : 0161-4503400 
GST : 24AADCA3712D1ZE 
| 
Ph. 
:0182-2237600 
M : +91-99786-33197 

Anmol India Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2023 
Moderator: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Anmol India Limited. 
As 
a reminder, 
all participant lines will be 
in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touch tone phone. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Chakshu Goyal from Anmol India Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, Sir. 
Good evening everyone. Thank you 
for joining us for our 4th Quarter and 
FY23 Results 
Conference Call. We are pleased to have this opportunity to update you on the progress of 
Anmol India Limited and answer your queries. Before we start with the questions, 
| would like 
to give a brief background about myself, our founding promoter — Mr. Vijay Goyal and how we 
built Anmol India. 
Talking about myself, 
| have done my graduation in B. tech (Computer Science). 
| did my post- 
graduation in management from the prestigious Indian School of Business Hyderabad. Being 
part of Anmol India Limited has allowed me to contribute to the Company's growth and 
technological advancements and thereby fuel the Company's passion for innovation. However, 
| am humbled by the expertise and experience of our founding promoter — Mr. Vijay Goyal 
whose determination has been instrumental behind our company’s success. He comes from a 
very humble background and started working in the industry in 1985 and incorporated Anmol 
India in 1998. This 37 years of experience has been an invaluable asset to the company. Under 
his leadership and Anmol India Limited has transformed to leading supply chain management 
powerhouse in the commodity trade sector. 
Our business model focuses on providing end-to-end supply of commodities to 
a valued 
customer. We take pride in being a one stop solution for all their commodity needs. Key 
components involved in the supply and delivery process include technology and data driven 
demand 
for casting. Number 
2 sourcing from 
reliable sources 
by leveraging our global 
connections. Third 
is 
the systems 
for quality assurance, 
robust banking and cash 
flow 
management, efficient logistics and transportation, expertise 
in port operations and cargo 
Page 1 of 11

handling, reliable last mile delivery, customer credit support to foster long term relationships 
and 
proactive 
risk management 
to 
mitigate market fluctuations. 
All 
these components 
together make up the supply chain management stack that we have worked so hard to build. 
In summary, we have developed an ever-evolving SOP or stack that serves as a framework for 
conducting 
business 
efficiently. 
This 
SOP 
is 
continuously 
fine-tuned 
and 
adapted 
to 
accommodate the specific requirements of each commodity we import. By leveraging this well- 
established 
stack, we ensure streamlined operations and optimize our efficiency 
in 
the 
commodity trade. This helps us scale quickly and efficiently. 
Along with this, our extensive industry knowledge, years of experience, deep market insight 
along with strong customer relationship have been instrumental in our success. As we move 
forward, technology will remain a vital driving force for Anmol India Limited. Our steadfast 
commitment to leveraging technology goes beyond internal operations. The Anmol Coal 
mobile app currently utilized by over 2000 users, plays a pivotal role in price discovery and 
customer communication. Recently we have also introduced bidding options on the app. We 
expect the results of this feature to be seen soon in the second half of the year. By embracing 
technology we streamline operations, boost efficiency and offer innovative solutions to our 
valued customers. 
Going forward, there is a huge market explore and the company intends to diversify into newer 
commodities and geographies. Expansion into these commodities will be very strategic as in 
the company believes in either finding commodities that it can cross sell to existing customers 
during initial imports or importing those new commodities which 
its existing suppliers can 
supply effectively. Well, finally moving on to figures, 
| would like to talk about our Q4 and FY23 
results. This year has been a huge achievement for us as were able to grow both are top line 
and bottom line despite the commodity market being very turbulent. This was possible due to 
the hard work of our entire team. 
Speaking specifically about financial performance comparisons, Q4 FY23 vis-a-vis Q4 FY22, our 
revenue from operations grew by 18.70% from Rs. 3311 crores in Q4 FY22. Rs. 370 crores in Q4 
FY23. This was primarily driven by the addition of new product such as cooking coal, met coke, 
chemical in the portfolio and an increase in volume. EBITDA increased by 31.83% from Rs. 7.32 
crores in Q4-FY22 to Rs. 9.65 crores in Q4 FY23. EBITDA margins increased from 2.34% in Q4 
FY22 to 2.59% in Q4 FY23. This is an increase of 25 BPS. PAT increased by 40.18% from 3.16 
crore in Q4 FY22 to Rs. 4.43 crore in Q4 FY23. PAT margins increased from 1.01% in Q4-FY22 to 
1.19% in Q4-FY23 by 18 BPS. 
On the annual result front if we check annually revenue from operations recorded a healthy 
growth of 33.12% from 1059 crores in Financial Year ‘22 to Rs 1410 crores in FY23. The EBITDA 
increased by 32.74% from 27.52 crores to Rs. 36.53 crores in FY23. EBITDA margins remained 
around the same level. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 18.66 crores in FY23 as compared to Rs. 
15.55 crores in FY22 witnessing a growth of 20%. EPS has increased by 19.90% from 13.67 in 
Page 2 of 11

Moderator: 
Priya: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Priya: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
FY22 compared to Rs. 16.39 in FY23. We are pleased to announce a strong quarter and yearly 
earnings, which demonstrate the effectiveness of our operational approach. We firmly believe 
that the initial step that we have taken for diversifying our operations into new markets is a 
vital factor in achieving long-term success. 
| would like to thank you all. 
We will now begin the guestion-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Priya 
from PJ Investment. Please go ahead. 
How does the company plan to allocate its capital to support future growth? 
So, basically, when we talk about future growth, right, as 
| have already mentioned that going 
forward, we will be going to new commodities and new geographies, right and this is an ever- 
evolving process. So, all the money that is coming in anyways is being utilized for these kind of 
imports and facilitating the customer. So, 
it will be in that due process as we grow so more, 
more money is coming in, our banking system is very strong and we are getting stronger by the 
day right and we intend to pull that running into these newer avenues. At the same time we 
intend to allocate a good part, a good portion into technology as well. So, that we can become 
more strong on the technological front. 
Are there any plans to reinvesting 
in research and development marketing or expanding 
production capacity? 
That 
is what 
| am saying research and develop so when 
| say maybe 
| put everything to 
technology. That term is technology. So, exactly what we are using technology for we are trying 
to understand the market data, right, so benefit technology 
| do not only mean Anmol Coal 
Mobile App. We have a lots of internal operations that way we use technology to gather data, 
to understand the market, to understand demand and where the market is going for that 
matter, right, what kind of commodities will be required in future for in any sector for that 
matter, let's say if we are supplying to cement. Right. So, what kind of commodities they may 
be required in the future, what kind of facilities they may be requiring the future, so all that 
kind of research, the team that is on the ground, right, how we can increase that to gather 
more data, to get a proof of things that that we are doing right. So, obviously we will be putting 
our resources into all those kind of things, research and development. R&D has always been 
one of the main focus of Anmol India Limited that is how we have been able to come up with 
this unique stack that we have built that 
| talked about and we believe R&D is very important. 
Talking about products 
| already told that we are adding commodities and when we are adding 
these commodities, 
it is 
a very strategic approach 
in the sense that we are adding those 
commodities that we can cross. So, normally we will be adding new customers for the those 
commodities, but for the initial imports, when we are taking certain exposure, what we do we 
first introduce those commodities which we can cross sell to our existing customers. So, that is 
how we grow. So, we are anyways putting money into those customers into commodities which 
Page 3 of 11

Moderator: 
Priya: 
Moderator: 
Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
we can cross sell, right. So, we intend to grow on a gradual scale that is how we intend to 
allocate that company. 
Priya, you have any further questions? 
No. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Mali, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
| just have a few questions sir. Number one, what were the primary 
drivers of the revenue 
growth of this quarter? 
So, as 
| said the primary drivers for the revenue for this quarter, number one, as 
| already 
mentioned, this was addition of certain new commodities like we started importing cooking 
coal a little bit, made coke a little bit, so we started with these commodity and that is how were 
able to add more revenue at the same time for our existing commodities also, we added certain 
new customers, right? So, that is how we got more and more revenue. 
Did the revenue growth translate into improved profitabilities and margins. 
So, if you understand our business model, how you work is that normally we have a very if you 
see the absolute profit has increased, the PAT margin has also increased by 
a 
little bit, but how 
we generally work is that whenever you procure any commodity, right we try to sell it back to 
back to big customers to everything. So, 
| did talk only one line about risk mitigation, right. So, 
we do not work on a speculative way. That is not how we work. What we try is whenever we 
are procuring a commodity, we try to sell it as much as possible, right and so as to mitigate that 
risk and earn nominal profits on it, right so, this helps us rotate the capital at the same time 
and do more revenue also while also decreasing our risk. At the same time when we are selling 
itin advance, any imported stuff in advance what happens is that the idea is to sell it. 
| would 
say absolutely to peg it to the dollar value so that even the dollar risk is also passed on to the 
customer, right? So, that is how we are doing business in this particular thing. So, yes, you 
might not say very much changes in profit margins, but yes, the absolute profit will grow 
because we are exploring more and more markets. 
Okay. So, are there any challenges or risk that might hinder future growth or prospects? 
As of now, if 
| were to talk about it like, so now we have entered as 
| told you about, we have 
entered into cooking coal, met coke and we are doing some chemicals also, right. So, these 
commodities, these are unaffected because cooking coal met coke, are, you could say are 
infrastructure commodities. They are used for creating steel and stuff and chemicals anyways 
a commodity that can be used in various ways. Now coming to thermal coal, yes, there can be 
Page 4 of 11

Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Jignesh Mali: 
certain things that like the renewables coming in and stuff like that, but at the same time if you 
see although these things are in the news, but still, if you see the government is giving more 
and more to coal in the way that they are giving bigger and bigger targets to Coal India Limited 
for production right, imports are increasing that way. So, yes, on the surface, it may seem that 
renewables are coming and everything, but at the same time, the demand for coal is huge in 
India and today India 
is like the customer hub for coal, right and a huge portion of India 's 
energy needs is met through coal. 
| am not sure of the exact number but probably more than 
60% of energy needs is met through coal, right? So, it is very difficult to shift that right. At the 
same time, what is happening now, the plants are becoming more efficient so that they do not 
create that much pollution now 
if you see the cement plants and everything they are very 
efficient in that way. So, 
| think that will give more opportunities for coal. 
Okay. So, what type of you know initiative you are taking or any strategies are in place to 
continue expanding the customer base or entering in the new market like? 
So, 
| already talked about this. 
If you 
talk about the new market as 
in 
let us say new 
commodities, right, 
| will just give you an example of how we did this cooking coal thing. 
| think 
it will be much easier to explain to example. So, were doing coal with this particular customer 
that he is supplying to, 
it is a cookery. Cookery is basically people who create met coke. So, 
were already supplying a different kind of coal to 
it. Now these people are again one of the 
biggest buyers of cooking coal. So, 
| already had 
a relationship with him due to as 
| was 
supplying coal to it. For that matter let us say there is some industry that 
| am supplying coal 
to because coal is an energy product. But now it requires a chemical for that matter, right? So, 
that is how we are expanding that 
is the strategy of expansion that we take our existing 
customer base, find out the other commodities they require in bulk right then find out whether 
we have strength to supply that commodity, right. So, again, when we procured this cooking 
coal, some of the suppliers where people who we are in regular contact with because of our 
existence in coal, right, so that is how we work. We either try to cross sell to our existing 
customers or try to procure from suppliers who we are already associated with. 
It becomes 
very easy because if you think about it like we have added new commodities at the same time, 
the profit margins have increased. So, normally when you enter a new market you do not get 
the same amount of profits. You are now exploring a new market. So, there has to be some 
sort of customer acquisition cost to it, but you still see that the margin has still increased even 
though we have entered new market. So, that is a testament to our strategy that we as a cross- 
sell or buy from the same source and after we have excelled in a commodity then we can think 
of entering into contracts with newer suppliers, entering into with newer customers. Apart 
from that for existing commodities, yes, we have very-very. effective and very-very hard 
working sales team that 
is always on the lookout for new customers. We are attending 
conferences, we are meeting with people. So, our philosophy has been always to be on the 
field and that is how we intend to increase our customers. 
Are always thinking like you are on a on a ground level. Yes, got it. Got it. 
Page 5 of 11

Chakshu Goyal: 
Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Jignesh Mali: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Moderator: 
Suman Gupta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Exactly because we have risen from the ground. So, that is how we, so our founding promoter, 
he always inspires us to be on the ground. So, that is how we always grow further. 
Okay, done. Got it sir. Thank you very much for your precious time. 
It was really nice to talk 
with you. 
Thanks for taking your time to listen about the company and everything. 
It is really useful this phone call. We have some blurry vision now after this conversation. The 
vision is clear from our end. Thank you so much. 
Yes, for us as well sir. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Suman Gupta from Bharat Stock. Please go 
ahead. 
Yes sir. What are the key risks and challenges that company failed 
in achieving 
its growth 
objectives? 
Okay. So, actually a little bit of this was already discussed in the last question that as 
| said that 
the policy right that that might be a thing, but we have already. So, 
| talked about coal and now 
we are diversifying. So, to make it more risk free to mitigate that risk, we are now diversifying 
into other commodities as well. Right, that is one, but at the same time at the the policy risk 
although that is that always loses any business for that matter, but we do not see that as bigger 
for this because the commodity that we are dealing with the coal right, although we are now 
doing apart from coal also, cooking coal and met coke, you cannot put them in the same basket 
as thermal coal. Those are infrastructure commodities. 
But if you talk about coal also like just 
to give you an example, that is why 
| am taking coal. That is why 
| am focusing on coal. So, if 
were to talk about the policy risk as 
| discussed before even that we do not see much because 
government is pushing coal in the way that it is asking coal India to produce more, right? The 
coal India is not able to produce the given whatever so, if you 
| am not sure about so, yesterday 
or day before yesterday only 
| was reading the news that it was in the newspaper. 
| did not 
read a circular, but it was in the newspaper that NTPC has rolled out something for imported 
coal. It is now trying to procure imported coal. So, by these kind of things only you can see that 
what is the demand of coal? What is the scale of coal and every day you read like 7 days of coal 
is remaining, 3 days of coal is remaining. So, 
| think a more better way of understanding what 
coal is through these news. That actually how dependent we are on coal, right? So, let's not go 
by the global thing that what is happening here and there, because even when this Russia 
Ukraine thing happened, people understood the importance of coal. Power plant started 
running back in Europe and 
| believe this is my opinion personally, 
| am not sure what they are 
going forward, but now this has given a signal to the global community that lets always keep 
coal in our kitty in the sense that let us say Europe was there, it has shut down a few power 
Page 6 of 11

Suman Gupta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Suman Gupta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Suman Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Vanshika: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Vanshika: 
plants and now this the Russia Ukraine war happened they were not getting the fuel they had 
to reignite the power plants. So, going forward, 
| believe even they will understand. Let us not 
totally curtail coal, let us always keep that running. Otherwise, the next time this happens, 
there will be an even bigger power issue. So, we feel we feel differently, although that risk is 
there and end-risk is there with any business, but we feel very differently about coal that itis 
not going anywhere and again we are not totally, although 
| am talking more and more about 
coal because that is where our roots lie , but going forward, we are not just dependent on coal, 
right? So, we did get some good quantities of cooking and everything and recently we also gave 
in the news also to BSE and NSE and when we did this last year and we got good results, so we 
have also formed a specific committee to look after these cooking coal, met coke, chemicals 
and stuff because we got good results in the last year, so we are now more focused on them 
also that let us also create a specific committee for these commodities as well. 
So, are there any regulatory, legal or geopolitical factor that coal impacts future performance? 
So, 
| told about policy that is that is one. But apart from that we do not see much because 
| do 
not see any other factor over there right because if 
| were to think about commodities as in. 
So, if you take again so, my way of answering is through examples, okay, forgive me for that. 
But let us talk about Corona period. 
Yes. 
So, if you know about it, everything was stopped. Whole and essential commodity and even at 
that point of time, it was not stopped, it was still going on. The transportation was going on. 
Everything was going on? So, this year and the corona period, the corona year, we feel those 
were the 2 biggest achievement for us because those 2 were the most turbulent years that we 
have seen in our business and we were still able to come out of it with flying numbers and 
colors, whatever you would like to say. So, although we are doing profits in everyday business 
every year, that is fine. But those 2 years we feel that we have achieved something because of 
our hard working team and everything because those were very turbulent years. 
Yes. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vanshika from Horizons Stock Market. Please 
go ahead. Vanshika we are not able to hear you clearly. We request you to please call back 
from an alternate line. 
Are you planning any new acquisitions? 
Acquisitions as in you mean to say companies and stuff? 
Yes. 
Page 7 of 11

Chakshu Goyal: 
Vanshika: 
Moderator: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
| am not very sure whether we can answer those kind of questions but 
| will just stick to the 
point here. So, we are very much into technology and we are growing our technology as 
| said 
that we have now introduced some new features where 
in customers can 
bit on our 
technological platform and in that way they can help us. So, on the technological front we may. 
| am not sure about the position, but we may be looking for some tie ups or any kind of venture 
joint venture. 
| am not sure as 
| said right because it is all about opportunity. So, yes, we are on 
the lookout for tie ups maybe right, which can help us take our technology came to the next 
level. Because we very much believe that the commodity game 
is very much driven 
by 
technology, you need to have real time news. You need to have even we can use various kind 
of things whether 
it 
is machine learning, 
artificial intelligence, everything 
is coming 
up 
nowadays, right and to boost up our technology progress, 
| believe some sort of tie up some 
sort 
| am not sure about but tie up acquisition or whatever that is that will be very much 
beneficial and yes, in that way we are on the lookout for opportunities where we can join hands 
with people who are very much expert in these fields whether it is machine learning, whether 
it is artificial intelligence, for predicting demand, for predicting prices in that way. So, yes in 
that way, we are in the market, but whether will it be an acquisition, whether it will be joining 
hands with some entity or another arrangement, we do not know as of now, or we might do 
something in house also because 
| am also working as a CTO in my company, as formal CTO in 
my company as 
| come from an engineering background and 
| have very much passion for 
technology. So, back in 2016, when we launched our first app, Anmol Coal app that was 
developed by myself only, but after that. 
| got more into business operations and then we 
moved into getting people who will develop it for us. So, going forward in that way, we might 
be looking for something. 
Okay. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Mehta from KST Trading Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Yes sir, which are the commodities other than coal company deals with and 
| would also like to 
know about the exchange you launched last year in 2022. 
So, the commodities that we are working in right now it may be different-different proportions. 
So, we are doing in coal spare obviously. So, we are also doing cooking coal, now cooking coal 
let us not confuse it with thermal coal, as 
| already said, right met coke is there metallurgical 
coke is there, then we are also dealing with iron pellets and soda ash is there and so on and so 
forth. So, we are adding more commodities to it as we are going forward. 
And the trading app you had launched last year? 
Of course you are talking about Anmol Coal Mobile App. 
Page 8 of 11

Tejas Mehta: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Yeah. 
So, Anmol Coal Mobile App is basically so, when we begin now, it has transformed to a different 
thing. Initially we began a different way. Now we have done like a price discovery is there so 
customers can come in. So, we track those kind of things when they are opening, when they 
are closing and stuff like that. So, the idea behind it is that customers can discover price. They 
can discover the conditions on which a particular contract is available. At the same time as 
| 
said going forward, we have already introduced 
a bidding option over there where the 
customers can bid for a limited commodity quantity in a day, and then we can approve those 
contracts on the application itself, right understanding. So, there is a validity period to that as 
well. So, we can always choose like let's say a customer is biding for 13,000 another customer 
bids for 13200 so there is validity to it. So, we can always choose the higher pricing option in 
that way. So, going forward, we will be developing it a lot more, right. We may make it and So, 
what we may go. So, there are certain plans in the making right now that how we may use it, 
but currently this is the bidding option that we have introduced. 
So, is there any other application or any other government recognized platform where these 
biding can be done for coal? 
Government recognized, so to bidding as in you have this CIL is there. The CIL does through 
bidding, but that is a whole different ball game, because there what happens you have the 
manufacturer 
is CIL 
it 
is conducting an auction for its commodities, right. So, that 
is 
in 
a 
different way. It is for a domestic coal right and what we are trying to do, so this is just we are 
just trying to see what we can make it into right now. It is still in the development, but that that 
is the government one and currently what we are doing is a private thing, right and here we 
are not doing like so the kind of bidding that government does. It is very like you bid and then 
you are able to see the price and then another person builds what we are doing is people can 
bid their best price and then wait for approval in that way, right? So, 
if you're talking about 
government one, the one 
| know of is conducted by CIL as coal auction MSTC and stuff like that. 
So, over there everyone can see the prices where the bids are going on. 
In the government one. 
Yes. 
Yes, in the government, so the government, so 
| think this both the platforms are very different 
in that way that government one 
is for those commodities only which they manufacture 
number one and they have an exclusive right to 
it because nobody can do that. The second 
thing is that 
| believe they do an auction every month. There were a lot of commodities that 
they are producing and they are doing it through auction. The prices can be seen, yes, while 
bidding you can see the price, what it was closed for, what you are getting, whether you are 
Page 9 of 11

Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
Tejas Mehta: 
Moderator: 
Chakshu Goyal: 
winning or not, that is that is something different. Our platform works in a little different way, 
| would encourage you to download the app and try it out maybe we can do a trial kind of a 
thing. So, you can just download the app, check it out there is a lot of differences in both those 
platforms. 
So, how much volume does the app generate Anmol Coal App? 
So, as 
| said this this bidding option has recently been introduced and we expect some so itis 
just very so, earlier it was more of a price discovery platform in the sense that we were giving 
the conditions price discovery. We were sending notifications to customers, right, whenever 
the price changes was there in that way, they were associated with us. So, that was in the initial 
days, but now we have recently introduced this. So, 
| think we will be in 
a much more better 
able position to give the results in the coming days. 
Okay and last question, does the profit from this application goes to Anmol India or they both 
are independent like that? 
The Anmol Coal Mobile App is owned by Anmol itself. 
Okay. So, the profit in future or now goes to Anmol India, right? 
No, no. 
| am not sure what you are trying to say because Anmol Coal Mobile App is owned by 
Anmol India? 
Okay. 
Right now, there bidding has been recently introduced and so we will see how it works out. So, 
the data that is propriety Anmol only because whatever data is coming through that Anmol 
Coal Mobile App. So, in the name itself you have Anmol Coal, right. 
Yes. Thank you, sir. That's it. 
As there are no further questions, 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Babu Llal Saini from 
Anmol India Limited for closing comments. Mr. Chakshu Goyal, would you want to proceed 
with the closing remarks please? 
Well, 
| thank you everyone for being here. Itis a wrap on a great concall. Seeing this, everything 
we would definitely like to do it on a regular basis to keep our investors updated in terms of 
what is happening, what we are doing in the company and everything around. Anmol India is 
committed to delivering long term value to its stakeholders. So, thank you all of you and thank 
you so much for coming here. Thank you. 
Page 10 of 11

Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anmol India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 11 of 11
