 
 
 
www.mpslimited.com 
Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru‐Vi‐Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai‐600032 (INDIA), Tel: +91 44 49162222 Fax: +91 44 49 16 2225 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795 
 
 
Ref: MPSL/SE/26/2023-24 
Date: 25 May 2023 
 
✓ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call inter-alia on the Audited Financial Results of the Company 
for the Fourth Quarter (Q4) and Financial Year ended 31 March 2023.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of the Earnings Call, held on Thursday, 18 May 2023, at 04:30 P.M. (IST), inter-alia on 
the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Fourth Quarter (Q4) and Financial Year ended 
31 March 2023. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
 
 
 
 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAMAN 
SAPRA
Digitally signed by RAMAN SAPRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9408, 
pseudonym=43dbd303263049bf818a076f6d83856
0, 
2.5.4.20=18cf30a1544184712dd62ca166b9893ae39
be03b72c0f4a44c907cf6e8f25d25, 
postalCode=201014, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=15cbe9dded45c032a01894d72a7cb
7af4313fb2366016cd2de145cfc530838fc, 
cn=RAMAN SAPRA 
Date: 2023.05.25 18:26:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Q4 and FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA - CHAIRMAN AND CEO  
 
MR. SUNIT MALHOTRA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. SUKHWANT SINGH - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
MR. ANTHONY ALVES - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT & 
HEAD OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT 
 
MR. RAJESH JUMANI - CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER 
 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
MPS Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora, Chairman and CEO. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rahul Arora: 
Good morning from New York, and welcome to our Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Call. Today on 
the call, I have with me: 
 
Sunit Malhotra, who is our CFO, and joining us from Noida.  
 
Sukhwant Singh who has recently been promoted to Chief Operating Officer of our 
India Operations, also joining us from Noida.  
 
Tony Alves, Senior Vice President and Head of Product Management, who joins us 
from Boston. 
 
Rajesh Jumani, popularly known as Jums, who is our Chief Revenue Officer of our 
eLearning practice and joining us from Princeton, New Jersey. 
Sunit will kick things off in our opening segment today by discussing our financial 
performance. Then Sukhwant will update us on the new momentum we have developed in our 
Content business. Tony will then update us on how our Platform business is performing and 
entering an exciting phase. Jums will then discuss our robust performance in the eLearning 
business. And finally, I will summarize the outcomes of the Board meeting and describe what 
has enabled us to achieve an accelerated trajectory towards Vision 2027. 
Let's get going. Over to you, Sunit. 
Sunit Malhotra: 
Thanks, Rahul. On a quarterly basis, Q4 was better than expected and the solid results were an 
excellent way to wrap up an impressive FY '23 after a soft start in Q1 FY '23. FX-adjusted 
revenues were higher by as much as 15.7% in Q4 FY '23 compared to the last financial year. 
PBT grew even faster at 41.5% in Q4 compared to the same period in FY '22. MPS achieved a 
new milestone with FX-adjusted revenue at INR500 crores in FY '23. We also surpassed our 
publicly stated goal of INR100 crores in PAT and ended up much ahead at INR109.19 crores 
in FY '23. And while revenue grew 10.8% over the previous year, PBT grew 25% over the 
previous year. 
Reflecting on the FY, here are my top three favorite themes.  
 
1. 
All business segments and lines of business are performing.  
2. 
We have returned to our roots as a high-margin business.  
3. 
Our top 15 customers now contribute towards 60% of our revenue, a much lower 
customer concentration than when we started this journey in 2012. 
I want to hand it over to Sukhwant now to discuss Content Solutions' performance in FY '23. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
Sukhwant Singh: 
Thank you, Sunit, and Rahul. So, the post-pandemic momentum in our Content Solutions 
business continued in Q4 and for the whole of FY '23. Given the significant operating leverage 
in our Content Solutions business, as our revenues grew, our PBT grew by as much as 34% in 
FY '23 and 47% in Q4. The scholarly line of business-led growth in Content Solutions 
business in Q4 and FY '23. 
Some early signs of success in this business segment with the Going Gestalt growth strategy 
include: 
 
 
Revised go-to-market strategy, which is basically a new market-based approach, 
which enabled unlocking growth synergies between scholarly content and platforms 
and educational content and e-learning.  
 
We did step up our efforts on cross-selling and upselling with a specific focus on 
STAR accounts, which led to a robust growth in all top 10 content solution 
customers and a double-digit growth in 3 out of our top 10 accounts. 
 
In terms of launching new capabilities, we launched a new peer review solution that 
is proving to be highly successful with a significant multiyear win in Q4 of FY '23. 
This was with a prestigious new customer. We also significantly invested in new 
AI/ML-based image and research integrity solutions and saw noteworthy demand for 
these services as well. 
I would like to now hand it over to Tony to discuss Platform Solutions' performance in FY '23. 
Over to you, Tony. Thank you. 
Anthony Alves: 
Thank you very much, Sukhwant. In Q4 of fiscal year 2023, the revenue in the Platforms 
business grew by 2.4% over the same period in fiscal year 2022. The performance in the 
second half of FY '23 was our first signal of growth in this business segment in our third year 
of ownership of HighWire, and it has laid a strong foundation for fiscal year 2024 and for the 
years ahead. 
I can confidently state that our Platform business has now transitioned into a healthy and 
growing phase for the following reasons.  
 
One is that our mission has now transitioned from support and delivery to product 
development. This includes new product launches, active product road maps and 
upgrades.  
 
Another reason is our new customer acquisition strategy that has involved product 
and service bundling, price warrior-ship is gaining traction and is helping us to 
develop a new customer base. 
 
And the feedback from the industry and the scholarly community is highly 
encouraging. HighWire and MPS offer the only serious independent choice since 
two of our larger competitors have been acquired by publishers. 
I now want to hand it over to Rajesh to discuss the eLearning Solutions performance in FY '23. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Rajesh Jumani: 
Thank you so much, Tony. eLearning is now the second-largest business segment. Revenues 
were at INR127 crores in FY '23, which is 25% of our total revenue. Profitability improved by 
more than double during the financial year '23 and more than 50% in Q4. By Q4, all four 
entities were performing, including the Swiss entity, which has finally recovered from the 
decline during the pandemic. 
The acquisition of EI Design confirmed the validity of a new acquisition playbook of acquiring 
growing assets at compelling valuations. In addition to substantial financial indicators, 
including significant margin improvements, operational indicators were also highly positive. 
We are now market-leading in-service delivery and quality in the eLearning practice, reflected 
in high CSAT scores across the portfolio. Growth operations in eLearning practice have 
matured and are setting the benchmark for other business segments.  
The soft launch of Magineu, which is our Experience Center business, was highly successful. 
We completed a marquee project at India Energy Week earlier this year, and the Hon’ble 
Prime Minister also appreciated our work. The business did exceptionally well in its first year 
as an independent business unit and performed with richer margins than the eLearning 
business. My team and I are committed to scaling Magineu to a sizable business segment for 
marketing communications by FY '25.  
Back to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you for the rich update, team. Our new growth strategy has started to deliver strong 
business results. A 5-pronged approach has powered the recent momentum, referred to 
internally as Going Gestalt, which includes the revised go-to-market strategy that Sukhwant 
mentioned, a stronger emphasis on cross-selling and upselling in STAR accounts, the addition 
of new customers across business segments, the launch of new capabilities and an 
unprecedented pace of integration of EI design into MPS. 
Now to go over a couple of Board outcomes.  
In the previous Board meeting in April, the Board approved raising of funds for the issuance of 
equity shares of the company or any other equity-linked securities of the company or other 
securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity share by way of qualified institutional 
placement (QIP), in one or more tranches for an aggregate amount up to INR 250 crores. 
Subsequently, this matter was also approved by the shareholders. This is an enabling approval 
for a period of 12 months. Today, we have a healthy deal pipeline and are in active discussions 
with multiple targets and have taken these approvals to keep momentum if large opportunities 
become available. Based on experience, we will not raise these funds unless we are extremely 
confident, they can be deployed within 2 quarters. This approach allows us to progress 
efficiently if and when large opportunities do present themselves. 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
I am pleased to share that based on the unprecedented earnings growth in FY '23 and an EPS 
of INR63.87, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR 20 per equity 
share of INR 10 each of the company. Given the upcoming acquisitions, our Board has taken a 
balanced view on return to shareholders. This approach allows us to go ahead and acquire 
healthy and growing assets, albeit at compelling valuations and significantly enhance 
shareholder value. It was also discussed at the Board that once this phase of acquisition is 
complete; we would return to previous high levels of distribution.  
Additionally, this form of distribution need not be at the end of our financial year and could be 
sooner if the acquisitive phase is completed more shortly and surplus funds become available. 
Let us now open the call to questions. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our first question from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Rahul, really indeed a very good result, but I would like to advise something, do not take it as 
a criticism. You are doing good things, but we did a QIP in the past, maybe 8 to 10 years back, 
when our company’s share price didn't rise thereafter, you are again doing a QIP for INR 250 
crores, but your decision led to a drop in the share price. 
So please, request, you reduce the dividend, raise debt instead of QIP, because raise of equity 
is always a costly incidence. So please do not raise any equity now, please, which is my 
decision, which I am seeing since the company last 10 years, that's why I had given this 
decision to you -- advise to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I'm also on the same line as the previous speaker. Sir, we distributed INR 357 crores over 
the past 5 years. Thank you for that. Sir, but you would appreciate that 23% to 25% of that 
pay-out got leaked in the form of taxes to the government from the shareholders. So now we 
have again distributed INR 50 crores in dividend, and we are raising INR 250 crores from QIP. 
So instead, we can just cancel the dividend and raise INR 200 crores if need be. So what are 
your comments on this? 
Rahul Arora: 
Sure. So the focus for all of us at MPS is our Vision 2027, tripling our revenue to take us from 
INR 500 crores to INR 1,500 crores by FY '28. There's an organic growth strategy that will 
help us unlock that and an inorganic strategy. We expect 60% of the scale-up to come from 
acquisitions and 40% of the scale-up to come from organic growth. 
Concerning the QIP, as I shared in the opening remarks, this is an enabling approval for 12 
months. It is for a raise of up to INR 250 crores, so it need not be INR 250 crores, for example. 
Additionally, as I mentioned, this is only if large opportunities present themselves, and we are 
confident that those large transactions can be completed in one or two quarters post-the raise. 
So that is the background on the QIP process. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
There was also a comment on debt earlier. So, we've taken the view that we are open to debt, 
so we're not entirely averse to that. But overall, we only want to raise any debt within the 
annual cash flow from the operations or the annual profit after tax, which is INR 100 crores-
INR 110 crores. So from our perspective, while that may sound like something other than 
exceptional to astute financial minds, we are risk averse to that. And the primary reason for 
that is that we've diligently worked to scale the business, and we don't want to do anything to 
risk and derail the company. 
Concerning redistribution, as you've seen, we have historically executed a much higher 
distribution than what you've seen in FY '23 in terms of percentage of earnings or percentage 
of cash flow. So yes, given the upcoming acquisitions, we have made a more modest 
distribution this time because we plan to invest that towards the acquisitions. In terms of the 
shareholder base, we must respect that while we do have large institutional investors, we also 
have individual investors who potentially would prefer Dividend over Buyback. We're trying 
to create a balance that ensures capital is redistributed efficiently. Given the high ROCE 
available in the business today, which is in the early-30s, we continue to invest. There are lots 
of opportunities to reinvest the capital. And finally, how we distribute dividends versus 
buybacks, which we take a balanced view on at the Board level whenever we allocate the 
capital. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. Also, last call, this matter was raised about ChatGPT and AI. So the apprehension is 
that since our basic competitive advantage comes from our low-cost operations in India, etc. 
but going forward, this might neutralize the edge that we have in terms of ChatGPT or other 
AI instruments, so they can flatten the field. 
I mean instead of 10 people hired in U.S., if we have 15 people in India, so currently, 15 
people in India are more cost-effective versus 10 people in U.S, but maybe ChatGPT will 
cause a change the dynamics to 1 person in India versus 1 person in the U.S. So can you just 
explain to your layman shareholders how our business will be impacted despite developments 
in AI? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, sure. Good question. So, we see this as a positive. We operate in a highly fragmented 
market, a ~$ 300 billion market growing at 15%. The most significant player is only ~$ 300 
million in Revenues. So, this market is ripe for consolidation. And whenever there are shocks 
to the market, that consolidation gets accelerated, and MPS has and will continue to play the 
role of a consolidator. 
Regarding cost arbitrage, we must understand that our customers need partners like MPS that 
are intelligent and scaled to execute using new technologies. Much of the know-how and 
innovation usually sit on the supplier's side when producing their work. For example, we are 
running many pilots and programs in collaboration with our customers, where we are 
executing these frameworks. These frameworks are challenging to implement independently 
for customers. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
They need partners like us, and the cost arbitrage continues to be important because what we 
are seeing is what these frameworks are providing is a start to the work, not a complete 
production of the work because there still needs to be a subject matter review or some formal 
review before the content or the learning module is released. 
We are embracing AI/ML in various parts of our business. And we know in the content side it 
helps us with speed, efficiency, and continued margin improvement in the Content business. 
On the Platform side, it has enabled us to create exciting new products because many of our 
competitors are less adaptable than MPS. So, we are growing much faster than them. And then, 
on the eLearning side, we have again integrated with many third-party solutions to improve 
speed and efficiency. So, we see it as a huge positive. 
So, we have to view this in the context of our space and our industry, which is, on the 
customer side, they need support to understand what all of this is and execute it. On the 
competitive side, given that the market is highly fragmented, only a few handfuls of scaled 
players like MPS exist. As a scaled player, it gives us an opportunity to consolidate the 
marketplace. So from a competitive situation, this is a huge positive. 
There is much investment that is taking place within MPS. We have established a unit called 
MPS Labs based out of Bangalore to pursue this actively. So, there's a substantial investment 
in product development and R&D at MPS to execute on AI/ML. So, we see this as a huge 
positive and, as we advance, a differentiator for MPS. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
A couple of questions. I just want to get a sense of the significant improvement in our margin 
profile over the last few quarters. So how one should look at segment-wise margin, because 
Content and Platform are now already over 40 percent margins, eLearning is already around 25 
percent margins. So from margin versus acceleration in growth by making investment, what 
would be the thought process of the management, whether we have reached some margin level 
where we aspire to, and now the incremental focus would be on accelerating revenue growth? 
Or do you still think we can manage both in terms of revenue growth with margin? Second 
question is on the Platforms side, we indicated about new product launches, and we have an 
active product roadmap. So, if you can provide some sense about where we are making 
investments and what is the product road map? eLearning, we highlighted good traction in 
marketing communications. So, if you provide some more detail on that. 
Rahul Arora: 
Sure. I'll take the first question and defer to Tony on product and Jums on the marketing 
communication business and Experience Center business, Magineu. To kick it off, on margins, 
as we've shared before, our business has tremendous operating leverage through a combination 
of two things. One, we are a tech-enabled business. So, anything we produce is enabled by 
tech; wherever we can automate, we automate; where we can't, we have system-based 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
deliveries. We have some automation, and then a manual check comes in pre-delivery. And the 
second piece, of course, a large percentage of our workforce is present in Tier 2 cities, which 
gives us a cost arbitrage. 
So, from a margin perspective, our margins will continue to grow as revenues expand. 
Unfortunately, unlike previous calls where I used to give specific guidance, I will not be able 
to do that because as we have announced a QIP based on SEBI regulations, we're unable to 
share that tight forward-looking guidance like I used to share. But on a high level, we expect 
margins to expand as revenue grows because of the tremendous operating leverage available in 
the business. 
Now regarding the Platform business, I'd like to set Tony up to discuss the product launches 
we're planning in FY '24. But before that, I also wanted to provide some context on what's 
changed. What is the perception of HighWire in the marketplace? How has MPS ownership 
changed things? So Tony, can you give us that color and then talk about product launches? 
Over to you, Tony. 
Anthony Alves: 
Thank you, Rahul. So, to address the topic of the perception of HighWire in the marketplace, 
HighWire has been exceptionally visible in the marketplace. And there's been really an 
increase in outreach through our marketing efforts through client visits and attendance at 
industry conferences. And it's been exciting. As I travel around and I visit with clients and I 
attend these conferences, I'm continuously complimented on HighWire's resurgence. 
And I get feedback on how happy people are that there are more options, especially around 
content hosting. This renewed and refreshed perception of HighWire has made our current 
clients very happy that they have stuck with us. It's made our past customers think about 
returning. It has put HighWire back on the RFI and RFP lists when publishers are looking to 
change their vendors. So, the perception has been really positive. 
And the change in perception is, it's really possible because of the MPS acquisition. MPS has 
unlocked a suppressed potential by investing in the technical staff, allowing us to resume a lot 
of the stalled projects and platform implementations. MPS has provided real marketing 
muscle, getting the word out about HighWire. 
MPS has had strong platform products in the past, and we've been able to combine those with 
the HighWire platform offerings. And this means that HighWire has a well-established and 
really strong end-to-end selection of solutions that are addressing the entire scholarly and 
academic publishing process. So, it's a really positive, and exciting story. 
And a result of all of that we've been able to move forward with product launches or to move 
forward with our road maps, which will allow some really exciting product launches coming 
up. I'm really excited about the upcoming release of the web version of our e-commerce and 
subscription management system called THINK WEB. THINK WEB is the web platform 
version of THINK, it provides new revenue opportunities through the upgrading of existing 
customers as well as an opportunity to expand our customer base. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
We're also really excited about the launch of our analytics product, Insight Vizor, which 
provides useful business analytics to publishers. It helps them find new sales opportunities and 
optimize opportunities with existing clients. And alongside Insight Vizor, we're enhancing our 
Impact Vizor analytics product with trend data. This will provide predictive analytics to 
customers who want to upgrade to this premium service. 
And then this fall, at the Frankfurt Book Fair, where we're going to be launching an MVP of a 
new modernized workflow platform. There has been very little innovation in publishing 
workflow systems over the past 2 decades. And in fact, our competitors still use 20-year-old 
monolithic systems to manage their mission-critical processes. So, we've seen an 
overwhelming call in the marketplace for more flexible, modular micro service-based 
platforms. And our new platform will help consolidate workflow, reduce time to publication 
using a single source publishing model. And this will vastly simplify workflows and it will 
allow for really easy integration of AI and machine learning tools and services. 
And finally, we're upgrading and consolidating our technology stack for our content hosting 
systems, and this will help improve margins because it will allow us to operate far more 
efficiently and onboard more clients more quickly. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Tony. Thank you for that rich update. All the best in FY '24 and looking forward to 
that platform business which is now entering an exciting growth phase. Jums, over to you. Can 
you talk about what an Experience Center business is? What is Magineu, and why could it 
become our fourth business segment, Marketing Communications? 
Rajesh Jumani: 
Sure, Rahul. Thank you so much for the opportunity. To just put it in layman's language, the 
Experience Center business, Magineu as a new business line, focuses on creating physical and 
digital immersive experiences. What it means is we take physical spaces, and we convert them 
into very high-end technology-enabled digital spaces. So, imagine yourself walking into a 
museum and the museum has lots of technology like you saw in movies like Star Trek or in 
Star Wars and places like these. So, these are typically created for large corporates who want 
to create what they call brand museum. As some visitors walk into a large company 
headquarters, instead of taking them through the regular PowerPoint or somebody talking 
about the business, they're taken around an entire brand museum on the past, present and future 
of the group. 
Similarly, lots of B2B organizations are creating what they call executive briefing centers or 
strategic briefing centers. So, when they invite customers to come into their offices to 
showcase futuristic products, instead of putting them into a room and taking them through 
PowerPoint, they're again walked around into a museum kind of an environment where they 
are shown what the company is going to do in the future and how it benefits the customers. 
This is becoming a very new trend, not just globally but also in India currently. We've done 
some very exciting projects for large corporates and the market is looking extremely bullish 
for us. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
A few differentiations over here from a regular business, this business allows us, obviously 
because the values of the deals are large, you are selling directly to the CXOs, the Chairman, 
the CEO, and also your main point of contact becomes the Chief Marketing Officer and Chief 
of Corporate Communications, which is all marketing oriented. And obviously, we all know 
marketing budgets are much higher than in typical training budgets. 
So, these are typically high-value projects. They have a lot of annuity business linked to it 
because once you create an Experience Center, there are lots of updates that happens to the 
Experience Center year-on-year. There are lots of maintenance activities and lots of support 
activities that happen over there. 
This is a new niche for us. There are not many players in the market who are right now 
organized into creating turnkey projects for customers. We, for example, do everything from 
space design to creating all the visitor choreography to the content, the interiors, software, 
hardware, support, all the AV that goes in. Very, very few players do this, so there's a clear 
niche for us that we can create in this marketplace. Thank you, Rahul. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Jums. Thank you for the update. Again, very excited about the future of Magineu and 
a new business segment getting created by MPS. Thank you for the update. Back to the 
questions. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations to the team on a wonderful year. Just want to understand your thought in 
terms of what kind of growth you expect across the segments. I mean bulk of the growth right 
now is led by this traction, which we have now found in the eLearning space. But on a steady-
state basis, what should be the objective that we should be chasing here on an organic basis? 
And any more input you would like to share on the Content and platform side? Content side, 
what could be the base for this business a couple of years from now? And also a similar thing, 
if you could share on the Platform business. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks for your question, Rahul. So, the North Star continues to be Vision 2027, to reach INR 
1,500 crores in revenue at similar margins by FY '28. As I stated earlier, 60% of this growth 
will come from acquisitions and 40% from organic growth. As I shared earlier, I would love, 
and I'm able to give you tighter guidance, but unfortunately, I'm told the regulations are very 
restrictive once you enter or once you announce a QIP process, so my hands are tied; I mean, 
unable to share tighter guidance than that. 
We got a nice update from Tony on how the Platform business has finally entered a growth 
phase. We got an excellent explanation from Jums on Marketing Communications, and the 
eLearning business is generally doing very well. So, I'll add to that and talk a little bit about 
the Content business because that continues to be a large part of our business, and what we've 
seen is organic growth in this business over the last couple of years, which we continue to be 
very bullish about that this growth will continue and margins will continue to expand. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
And what's changed in this business is that many of our customers are now transitioning into 
subscription businesses. What that has done is when you're a subscription business, your 
differentiator and your draw for a customer is your content. So, there's a renewed focus on 
time-to-market. Customers are looking to target unprecedented turnaround times on time-to-
market, which means players like MPS which has much smart technology to enable us to do 
better. So MPS, of course, has MPS Labs, HQ out of Bangalore, which is constantly 
innovating, has been around for a bit, have seen a significant scale-up in reinvestments in 
AI/ML over the last couple of years. So that is becoming a strong differentiator for us in the 
Content business. 
We are also seeing a new wave of outsourcing in the Content business. We are moving 
upstream. Customers are looking for support on many upstream activities they previously did 
not consider. On the scholarly side of our business, for example, MPS is now starting to get 
involved in the manuscript submission and peer review phase. On the education side of our 
business, accessibility is a big trend. 
In addition, our proven track record, especially during disruptions, as I stated before, the 
Chennai floods, COVID, and post-COVID, has given our customers much confidence in our 
ability to execute in not-always-perfect conditions. So even when the operating environment is 
suboptimal, MPS has delivered on time and with excellent quality. Again, the input to that is, 
of course, the seamless tech, IP, and our low-cost model, which allows us to ramp up quickly. 
That has given us much momentum because, as I said, customers are transitioning to a 
subscription business. They need partners they can depend on; our proven track record enables 
that. 
On the education side of our business, we've also seen a change in customer profiles. So 
earlier, we were restricted to educational publishers. Today, we work with educational 
institutions, Ed-Tech companies, and learning companies; the scope of the market in the 
education space has expanded, giving us an excellent lift in the Content business. On the 
education side, we are also seeing a new wave of outsourcing, which is focused on digital. 
We've been able to unlock the IP and the synergies between our Content business and our 
eLearning business and have this new offering called Digital Learning for Education. So that's 
been another tailwind that we've got going. 
To summarize, one of the missing things, if you look at our history from 2012 to 2020, is that 
we were only growing inorganically. And what's changed for MPS is that we finally have 
organic growth. Content is growing, eLearning is growing, Platform is growing. Organically, 
we are also looking to develop a fourth business segment. 
And then, inorganic growth has a multiplier effect. You're growing as a business, good double-
digit growth organically, and then on top of that, you add more inorganic growth that then 
supercharges things, and there are synergies between whatever we will acquire between the 
current business and the new business. And our updated acquisition playbook is that we are 
looking only at growing assets with inherent financial strength. So, they are also growing. So 
overall, very, very optimistic and feel super confident about this goal that is taken for FY '28; 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
INR 1,500 crores for MPS at a similar margin is not an aspiration; it's not a dream but a 
conservative goal. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. And one bit more, if you could, say, on the Content side, where you said this movement 
to subscription is something which is driving the momentum, so I'm sure this is happening for 
quite some time now. So where do you see we are in that cycle? Do you think bulk of it is 
behind us or you see this as a tailwind at least for the next few years? Or could be more short-
term than that? 
Rahul Arora: 
Good question, Rahul. So yes, there's been much talk about this for a while. But in terms of 
action and execution, it's been limited. So, for example, not all the big 4 in education have 
transitioned to subscription businesses. They do have subscription products, but they're not 
subscription businesses. We've seen more of that on the scholarly side of our business. So, 
there's more ahead, less behind. 
Also, from a business model perspective, as our customers become subscription-based 
businesses on the content side, the exciting part of that is that it also allows us to become 
subscription-based businesses on the content side where we are entering, for example, content-
as-a-service agreements with some of our customers. 
And again, we have only one example in our Content business where a customer has 
transitioned to this model. So, there's a lot more ahead. And, of course, we all know that with a 
subscription-based business, you have higher recurring revenue, which helps you to improve 
your margins, and gives you much predictability in terms of future revenue, which allows you 
to invest and grow the business. So yes, Rahul, there's more ahead and less behind right now in 
this transition in the Content business. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sorry, just I would like to add one more question to the same point, which is, I know you are 
tied up on the outlook, but just to understand the basic math. If you see this INR 500 crores 
revenue purely on an organic basis going to INR 900 crores, this will mean 12%-13% kind of a 
CAGR. For this year, FY '24, I'm sure, eLearning would be driving it on a relative basis, given 
the run rate that we have. 
But beyond FY '24, do you think this would become slightly more balanced with all three-
space contributing, give or take, to that number? Or do you think eLearning, given the 
potential opportunity, would continue to clock much higher pace and will drive the overall 
growth momentum for the business organically? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. To recap what our CFO said in his opening remarks, the most positive indicator is that all 
lines of business are now growing. So earlier, we had this choppiness where one segment 
grew; the other declined, and one was flat. As I said, the significant change is that we finally 
have organic growth for each of our business segments and the lines of business within those 
segments. So that's a considerable change. I won't question your math, Rahul; it's 
straightforward. The goal is to get growth from INR 500 crores to INR 1,500 crores, with 60% 
coming from inorganic and 40% coming from organic. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Again, as I said, unable to give you tighter guidance. For the first time in many years, we are in 
a position to provide that tighter guidance, but unfortunately, the regulations don't allow us to. 
So hopefully, later in the year, we can provide tighter guidance and information. All I can say 
right now is that we are optimistic about the future. We've set a conservative goal of Revenue 
of INR 1,500 crores in FY28. 
We have a strong track record. Firstly, we give little guidance. And when we offer guidance, 
we tend to be conservative, as you saw in our PAT guidance for FY '23, which we beat. So 
that's all the intelligence I can provide at this stage, Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Right. Congratulations to the entire team for getting the growth back and also to the 
finance team to get back the margins we used to do earlier. And best wishes for your strong 
aspirational outlook, we wish you achieve it ahead of the schedule. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Sir, congratulations for a good set of numbers. And I am a recent investee in your company. 
So, don't mind, there would be many more like me because the company seems to be in 
consolidation for a very long time and not much was happening, but what changed in the 
recent quarters that the visibility in the business has improved and is it sustainable? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Thank you for your question. And again, thank you for entering; maybe your luck is 
rubbing off on us. So do stick around. So, from my perspective, like I was talking about 
earlier, what has changed is that we finally have organic growth. We've always been good at 
acquiring distressed companies, spending five years to turn them around, and then going into 
the next one. What was missing for us was organic growth. And it's been a change in strategy. 
So, a couple of years ago, the pandemic gave all of us, including the MPS management team, 
much time to pause, reflect, and think about how we unlock growth in this business. So, 2021, 
we internally introduced this growth strategy that we call Going Gestalt, which, at this point, 
we've only executed at a very small scale.  
The first element of the strategy is that instead of trying to sell a platform, content project, or 
eLearning project, we are approaching the market through a market-based approach. So, we 
have a revised go-to-market strategy. So, we are attacking key markets today: the scholarly 
and research community, the education community, and the corporate learning marketplace. 
And what we do in this situation is, position ourselves as an innovator, and the people 
representing us represent firm-wide capabilities rather than individual products and services. 
This has led to us unlocking synergies across all the IPs and acquisitions we've created over 
the years. So, a very, very strong leg of our growth strategy. 
The second piece of this has also been a stronger emphasis on strategic customers. So, we 
today have over 700 customers. It is unparalleled for an INR 500 crore B2B company in the 
learning and tech space. And what we've done so far is we picked the top 10 from each 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
business segment. So, we picked the top 10 customers from Content, the top 10 for Platforms, 
top 10 from eLearning, and we've focused on how we grow these 10 customers. And as a 
result, we started to see the return. Of course, in the next phase, the goal will be to take these 
30 STAR accounts and make them 100 as we scale. Now that we're confident that this strategy 
works. 
The third element has been our aggressive pursuit of new customers. So again, this includes 
customers in new markets and customers in existing markets. And each of the segments has a 
different strategy of how to unlock this type of customer base. So, for example, as Tony was 
describing, on the scholarly side, it's a price warriorship and product bundling approach. On 
the eLearning side, it's more about positioning ourselves as an immersive technology partner, 
as Jums described. And on the education side, we're looking beyond publishing into 
educational institutions, colleges, learning companies, and Ed-Tech companies, and a stronger 
emphasis on digital learning. 
Also, one of the things that we've been doing over the last few years has been a constant 
reinvestment in new capabilities. We had three product launches the previous year. So, we 
launched a peer review solution that Sukhwant was talking about. We launched Magineu. We 
launched Magplus Now. Going ahead, we are launching three products, as Tony described 
already. So, there's much focus on investments in new capabilities, both from a product 
perspective and an efficiency perspective. We were embracing AI/ML to produce our work 
through MPS Labs. 
And finally, the updated acquisition playbook. We executed that on a very small scale with EI 
Design. So, EI Design was a relatively small company. It was our first bite of a healthy 
company. And we've seen the effects. We've seen margin expansion. We've seen revenue 
growth. We've seen customer diversity. So, it allowed us to be more active in APAC, India, 
Middle East. 
So yes, what's giving us the confidence is that we created a strategy coming out of the 
pandemic called Going Gestalt; if you think about it, it's straightforward; there's nothing very 
complex there. And it's been about excellent execution. We've executed on a very small scale 
over the last couple of years. And now, as we go towards FY '28, we feel confident as a 
management team that the strategy works. The focus is now on how we supercharge this 
strategy. How do we throw more gasoline on this momentum? So that's the context of what's 
giving us so much confidence. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Very good reply, sir, and very detailed one, increases the confidence in the company. And sir, 
one more thing we wanted to know about this QIP plan, do you have an acquisition in mind? 
And last time it took a long time, it seems. And then what is the business visibility in Q1 FY 
'24? How is it happening? And by when this QIP plan or this acquisition might materialize, 
sir? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So, like I said at the top of the call, we have got enabling approval for 12 months. We are 
looking at multiple targets right now. We have numerous conversations going on. The 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
potential raise is up to INR 250 crores. And we learned from our experiences, right? As a 
business and management team, we've gone through many experiences over this journey since 
2012, when we bought MPS from Macmillan. We are committed to executing a raise like this 
only if we can deploy the capital in a quarter, a maximum of two quarters. We will only 
execute this raise if we have a firm conviction.  
So again, enabling approval for 12 months, up to INR 250 crores, we cannot give you an exact 
amount of the fundraise. We cannot give you the timing. Just the regulations are very 
restrictive. So, I humbly request you to be patient; 12 months is not an extended period. Once 
things happen, we will be the first to make an official announcement when possible. 
Vivek Gautam: 
And congratulations here that EI Design, the last acquisition, was EPS-accretive from day 1 
and let's hope more such acquisition will happen and help us in the long term. Keep up the 
good work, sir. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
So as a layman, I just want to understand the kind of product offerings that we have. So our 
verticals of Content and eLearning, which Content basically is providing Content Solutions 
and creating content for our customers. So, I mean, what kind of content would we be offering 
to educational institutes like Stanford or other universities, when they are the ones who drive 
content in the first place? 
So, I mean, what kind of products do we offer in the content space to them? And, what does 
that eLearning offering entail? And how is it different from creating content for our partners? 
So, I mean, as a layman, I just want to understand the business a bit more. 
Rahul Arora: 
Sure. So, we don't have much time left, so I'll quickly answer the complete question. So, to 
start with, who is our customer? Our customers are the scholarly and research community, the 
education community, and the corporate learning space. So that's our customers. 
In terms of our segments, we have three segments. We have Content, Platforms, and 
eLearning. 
On the Content side, we are the most comprehensive player in terms of capabilities. So, we 
offer everything from content creation to delivery across all media. So, within this, we provide 
content authoring and development, learning design, where Content must be sourced, rights 
and permission solutions, media asset development, and creative studio services. Digital 
workflows power all our Content Solutions. When a customer has been slow in their digital 
journey, we also enable a digital transformation. Content Solutions today is most of our 
business, and our value proposition here is that we allow speed and efficiency for our 
customers and help them create products that are differentiated in their marketplace. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
On the Platform side, we're the only provider with a complete range of configurable solutions. 
We offer these solutions as Platform-as-a-Service across the entire content life cycle. We were 
the first to market, a leader in the space; we are the innovator. And we have products in 
submission, peer review, and workflow. We have products in the hosting and identity 
management space. We have products in insights and analytics. And finally, we also have 
Software-as-a-Service products and customer service and order management. Here, our 
positioning is slightly different from the Content. We are positioned as innovators and thought 
leaders. And again, this business has now entered a growth trajectory. 
On the eLearning side, we work with organizations to deliver high-impact learning and 
performance support solutions, ensuring they deliver a high ROI for the learner and the 
organization. So, within this, we offer learning and development, advisory, and consulting. We 
do custom e-learning, and we do more experiential and immersive things like simulation and 
games. We also help with training delivery and operate in new technologies like AR, VR, and 
XR. And again, we do have learning technology platforms that we license and host to our 
customers. The value proposition is that we offer more experiential and transformative types of 
e-learning rather than plain dry e-learning. 
So that's a summary of who we are as an organization, and as I said, our customers are from 
the research, education, and corporate industry. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. That was helpful. I just have one remark, I mean, with ChatGPT coming in, with a 
simple query, people can create whatever kind of content they want. For example, even coding 
game on ChatGPT has been done in recent months. So, I mean, this might have an adverse 
impact on the content-creating business. I heard your conversation about ChatGPT not 
affecting the company in an adverse way. But what would be your thinking on this? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. As I said earlier, we are seeing this as a positive. Some companies are not investing. We 
see a positive impact because this is a market consolidation process. Customers want to work 
with fewer intelligent and scaled players, such as MPS and our customers; the way they're 
structured internally, they need more horsepower to execute some of these new-age 
technologies. 
They need partners to help them understand what this means for them and reconstruct the 
value chain and solutions. So yes, how we do business will change, and what you see behind 
all the numbers that you see in our results, the work that goes behind that, the operations 
behind that will be transformed. We still feel that there's much value that we can add in terms 
of helping our customers unlock this change and the importance of this change. 
But also remember that we are in the learning space. So, a customer cannot have a situation 
where they have a learning program that they have content that they don't have rights to, they 
need permission to use the content, or that it does not meet the objective of the learning 
program. So, we see AI/ML being an enabler of faster time-to-market. We see it as making us 
more efficient. And we also see it as helping us consolidate a very fragmented market. As a 
market leader, we see it as a huge positive for us to make the same happen for us. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Just a couple of bookkeeping questions, more on the margin improvement in this quarter. So, 
some of this improvement also came because of an absolute drop in certain costs. So, can you 
explain, especially on the other expenses side, is what the business run rate now? Or there was 
something missing in this quarter, which should recoup in Q1? Similarly, what would be the 
wage hike and overall employee expenses growth one should envisage for '24? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Again, keeping the clock in mind, I'll answer the question on behalf of our CFO. So, two 
things, on the core employee benefit expenses, there has been a reduction primarily due to 
offshoring. So, we've seen a significant drive from our customers and internally towards 
moving to India and Tier 2 cities in India. We've also seen productivity and service delivery 
improvement as we embrace technology. So, this is not a one-off. It is a trend that will 
continue to improve. So, it's primarily due to offshoring and more automation in the 
workflows. 
Concerning other expenses, we've rationalized infrastructure costs by introducing a hybrid 
work policy across overseas and expensive locations. So, for example, in the U.K., U.S., 
Switzerland, and Mumbai, we've gone to a different setup. So again, this rationalization is 
complete; the hybrid environment will continue. So, this is the run rate you can expect on the 
other expenses side. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Aditya Shivana from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Niveshaay: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have a question that, what would be the segment 
growth in the upcoming future? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Thank you for your question. As I shared earlier, because we've announced the QIP, we 
cannot share tight guidance. We can confirm that we have growth in all three segments, all 
lines of business are growing, and we are very optimistic about the future. Unfortunately, even 
though we have the data and can share the information, we're unable to because of the 
regulatory framework. 
Aditya Niveshaay: 
Okay. Sir, I have one more question that what would be the order book in the eLearning 
business? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So yes, the eLearning business for us continues to grow. Again, that's a forward-looking 
question, so we can't share specific data, but we've unlocked a new trajectory in eLearning, and 
we expect to sustain and grow that trajectory. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Congratulations, Rahul, on great numbers and performance by the team. So, Rahul, my 
question is on the Content Solutions business. So, over the last probably 4, 5 years or probably 
even more, while we've been taking market share away and consolidating, but there was 
always that the higher volume being compensated by fall in prices. And as a result, that 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
business was largely stagnant. Now you talked a bit about some changes that are happening. 
But structurally, what is really leading to growth in this segment specifically? And do you 
think this will continue? Or this is more like a cyclical kind of revival after so many years of 
flat growth? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. What's changed is that many of our customers are transitioning into subscription-based 
businesses. So historically, if I were a textbook publisher, I would produce x number of 
textbooks; I would look at my marginal cost and marginal revenue for that additional product, 
and product investment and product development would be super tight because I was in this 
Catch-22 situation, should I produce more product and increase revenue or not produce more 
product and improve margins? 
What changed, of course, is because they moved to a subscription-based model; what 
differentiates them in the marketplace is more product and more compelling product. And as a 
result, it's created this exciting pressure on the supply chain to produce faster. And because of 
this, not everyone has been able to step up from a tech and operational efficiency standpoint to 
deliver on the customer aspiration. As a result, scaled players like MPS are acquiring more 
market share. The tail is getting wiped out. So that's one perspective. 
The second perspective is that as our customers have to produce faster; they have to start 
looking at things beyond what they're outsourcing. So currently, many customers are 
outsourcing a specific part of the value chain, and they've realized they have squeezed 
everything out of this chain in terms of time-to-market. If they're producing something in 3 
months, we're now producing it in 3 days. But there is another part of the value chain where 
innovation has yet to happen because that's always stayed internal. 
On the research side, once an article is submitted, it takes 180 days to accept it. But it only 
takes three days to publish the article once it's accepted. So now our customers are saying, you 
guys have helped us innovate one part of the value chain, come along on the journey with us to 
help us drive the more important part of the value chain. 
We are now more differentiated in what we do and therefore gaining market share. But also, 
this new wave of outsourcing has opened to us because our customers are saying we need help 
disrupting a different part of the value chain. So, it's a combination of increased market share 
and increased market pie. 
Rohit: 
Got it. Understood. A large part of the issue in this over the last many years was again, that the 
economics of your customers was challenged because of the nature of that industry and how 
things have changed. Do you think that will again come back and sort of be an impediment for 
continuous growth? Or do you think that structural change will sort of give more wings to you 
and this tailwind will continue? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Customers continue to look for new avenues of growth. And since unlocking that growth 
comes with new product development, outsourcing in our market is the most efficient form of 
product development. Our customers have not been able to unlock that internally, and we do 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
not expect them to be able to unlock that because they're not as well-staffed as they used to be, 
for example, a decade ago. Because there's so much pressure on product development and fast 
product development, it's giving us a more significant opportunity. And because we are scaling 
with tech, we tend to be more cost-effective. And wherever manual effort is required, we're 
going to Tier 2 cities. So, they want to produce faster, cheaper, and better, and we enable that 
purpose. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rushikesh Kale an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rushikesh Kale: 
You mentioned last time that you would go with the debt and equity financing only if the 
acquisition size is of revenue more than $30 million. So does the QIP indicate that there are 
such opportunities coming? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So, I confirm that we will only unlock the QIP approval if we are confident that we can 
deploy the capital in 1 or a maximum of 2 quarters. That's data point number one for you. Data 
point 2 for you is that we are not 100% risk averse to debt, but we are conservative with debt 
and will not finance debt above our cash flow from operations or our annual PAT. As I said 
earlier, the regulatory framework restricts us, I've given you data points. Please deduce. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Deepan Kumar an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepan Kumar: 
I'd like to understand the end use of the cash, actually. The PAT was around INR 110 crores, 
but the cash only increased to probably there's a shortage in cash and bank balance into INR 15 
crores. So, I just wanted to understand that. Have you done some investments because I see the 
receivables have not increased? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. That's something my CFO and I debate about very often. Business is still the same. We 
do have a much larger customer base. So, we have over 700 customers now. So, it's about how 
we tightly manage that piece. The business has remained the same. I'll let Sunit make a quick 
comment; we, of course, had that acquisition happen in 2022, but Sunit, if you want to chip in, 
why is there a disparity between cash flow and PAT? 
Sunit Malhotra: 
Yes. Thanks, Rahul. So, we received advances from customers, which got adjusted this year. 
So that was one of the reasons that the cash flow, when you're looking at it, to some extent, 
gets impacted without adversely affecting the same because the debtor ratios otherwise have 
improved. So that's the main reason. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Having said that, we have a continuous improvement mindset. So we want to improve 
this. We don't want to just take it for granted. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Arjun Goel, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Goel: 
Rahul Ji, I wanted to understand something, you've touched upon this earlier. When you talk 
about your Vision 2028 for INR 1,500 crores of revenues, based on what you're seeing in 
terms of the ground realities, can you achieve that without diluting equity? Like it may not be 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
12 months from now, but 18 months from now or 24 months from now, will we see a situation 
where a QIP maybe coming in? So, I just wanted your thoughts on that. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, excellent question. I completely understand your intent. If I were in your position, I 
would have to be asking the same question. Having said that, again, regulatory framework, we 
must keep giving you this scripted response, which as we've taken approval of raising up to 
INR 250 crores, however, the exact amount of the fund raises, and the dilution will only be 
known at the time when we launch the QIP. We powered ourselves with an enabling approval 
for a period of 12 months. Today, we have a healthy deal pipeline and are in active discussion 
with multiple targets. 
Arjun Goel: 
Strategically I'm so sorry to interrupt you. 
Rahul Arora: 
I hope I can answer the question later in the year. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay. I don't know if you can answer this also, but I know when you look to acquire newer 
companies, you look at various factors. But as investors, we would be looking at whether they 
will be EPS-accretive or not, right? So, I hope that when you look at perspectives that, that is a 
very important consideration that you give to companies. So that's number one. And secondly, 
I would ask you to be astute that to use the QIP as a resource of last resort, any others before 
that, dilution last. 
Rahul Arora: 
Noted. Thank you for your recommendation. And again, on the acquisition opportunities, I can 
share more information because we have shared this previously. We are looking at businesses 
that have growth momentum. They should have inherent financial strength. So yes, its EPS-
accretive, but also not just EPS-accretive for 1 year. We want them to continue to grow 
independently, and of course, we'll unlock synergies, but there should be a baseline level of 
growth. 
In terms of the types of companies that we're pursuing, we're looking at e-learning companies 
that enhance our core capability or improve our geographic diversity. We continue to be 
limited by geography. There are lots of markets that we have not unlocked yet. We're also 
looking at education opportunities where we can work with educational institutions, 
universities, colleges, etc. in a more direct way. We're also looking at opportunities that Jums 
talked about, the Marketing Communications vertical, and a jump start we've gotten from the 
launch of Magineu. But if we do get an opportunity to scale that quickly, that's another area 
we're looking at. We're also looking at opportunities that allow us to move, like I was 
describing earlier, more upstream in the value chain, where we can unlock value for our 
customers. And finally, we're also looking at platform opportunities. So those are the 5 types 
of domains we're looking at in terms of acquisitions. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question from the line of Mahesh Ria an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Ria: 
Rahul, can you clarify that if a big acquisition comes up, you will fund it with debt to the 
extent of 1 year of cash flow and the remaining from equity dilution? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Rahul Arora: 
I can't confirm that. What I can tell you is that we have available to us an enabling approval 
that allows us to raise up to INR 250 crores. So, we don't have to raise INR 250 crores, but up 
to INR 250 crores. And as a management team, we are okay with raising debt, if needed, up to 
INR 100- crores, basically the annual cash flow from operations. 
Mahesh Ria: 
But you will consider debt first and then equity? 
Rahul Arora: 
I cannot comment on that because of the regulatory framework. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I'd 
now like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Rahul Arora for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for your excellent questions and insights. Please do note that we 
take all your feedback and your outside-in view very, very seriously. Your feedback has 
enabled us to be smarter in our approach especially over the last 2- 3 years, and we look 
forward to you pushing us and challenging us like this. We have a humble management team 
and are always open to excellent feedback from the community. So please keep it coming. And 
from our perspective, we stay very committed to our Vision 2027, which is to get to INR 1,500 
crores by FY '28 at similar margins. 
So, thank you for all your support, and I look forward to continued support as we head towards 
our vision. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining with us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. No unpublished price-sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
