Registered Office: 
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
May 24, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Scrip code: 535755 & 961915 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: ABFRL  
Sub.: Transcript of Q4 FY & 22-23 Earnings Call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (“the Company”) 
Ref.:  1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; 
2. ISIN: INE647O01011 & INE647O13016 and
3. Our intimation dated May 12, 2023
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q4 & FY 22-23 Earnings Call held 
on May 22, 2023 is annexed herewith. 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.abfrl.com.  
Thanking you, 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
Anil Malik 
President & Company Secretary 
 Encl: a/a 
E
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
ANIL 
KUMAR 
MALIK
Digitally signed by 
ANIL KUMAR MALIK 
Date: 2023.05.24 
17:21:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited Q4 & FY23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CFO 
MR. VISHAK KUMAR – DIRECTOR & CEO (LIFESTYLE 
BUSINESS) 
MS. SANGEETA PENDURKAR – DIRECTOR & CEO 
(PANTALOONS) 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the 4th Quarter and Full Year Earnings 
Conference Call of Aditya Birla Fashion & Retail Limited. 
The call will begin with a brief discussion by the Company's management on the Q4 FY23 and 
full year FY23 performance followed by a question & answer session. We have with us today 
Mr. Ashish Dikshit – Managing Director; Mr. Jagdish Bajaj – CFO; Mr. Vishak Kumar – 
Director & CEO (Lifestyle Business); and Ms. Sangeeta Pendurkar – Director & CEO 
(Pantaloons). I want to thank the management team on behalf of all the participants for taking 
valuable time to be with us. 
I must remind you that the discussion on today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the 
Company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter and full yearly performance and the 
strategic questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. 
With this, I hand the conference over to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Good evening and welcome to the Q4 and FY23 Earnings Call for our Company. 
Let me start with highlights of the quarter: 
The quarter saw the highest ever Q4 revenue for the Company at both stand-alone and 
consolidated level, which was driven by strong retail L-to-L, omnichannel play, and network 
expansion. This is despite the fact the overall industry continued to face subdued demand post 
festive period, especially in value and masstige segments. Our brands on account of their 
inherent strength, lower customer base, and brand-building initiatives continue to grow from 
strength to strength. Our strategic growth levers have enabled us to maintain an impressive 
revenue growth for the 6th consecutive quarter post recovery from COVID. Our Company has 
remained committed to its ongoing marketing investments which have been in place for the past 
few quarters. These spends are aimed to strengthen our brands, increase our market share, and 
be ready to seize the long-term surge in discretionary spending. 
Additionally, we have continued to aggressively grow the distribution network and enhance our 
capabilities for existing as well as new businesses. It gives me immense pleasure to tell you that 
our Company in FY23 added a record more than 500 stores and also added 1.6 million square 
feet of retail space to the network. 
Now, I will talk to you about “Financial Performance”: 
The Company delivered sales of Rs. 2,880 crores, which is a growth of 26% over the same 
quarter last year. The Company achieved a consolidated EBITDA of Rs. 232 crores. EBITDA 
for this quarter was impacted due to subdued sales, building organizational capabilities for all 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
our businesses and investment in brand building which were Rs. 55 crores higher than Q4 last 
year. The Company's consolidated PAT was negative Rs. 195 crores. In terms of expansion, our 
branded business added 104 stores led by addition of 25 stores by ethnic business. Pantaloons 
also continued to expand as the business achieved a net addition of 25 stores during this quarter. 
The Company experienced a remarkable 77% year-on-year growth in e-com sales across its 
portfolio, primarily due to successful B2B partnership in the e-commerce space and strong 
emphasis on enhancing our own brand website. Our Lifestyle Brand launched a new super app 
that aims to offer customers a seamless experience and curated range of options across our 4 
Lifestyle Brands. 
Now, let me update you on “Full-Year Performance”: 
I am very glad to inform you that our Company has made a remarkable recovery post COVID 
as demonstrated by 53% growth in sales versus last year to reach Rs. 12,418 crores. Our 
resilience and strategic initiatives have propelled us to reclaim this momentum and strengthen 
our position for a strong future growth. The Company posted EBITDA of Rs. 1,617 crores, an 
increase of 34% versus last year. EBITDA margin stood at 13% for the year. As our Company 
significantly surpassed pre-COVID levels in terms of revenue, we also intensified our product 
focus on brand-building initiatives. Our marketing spend was more by Rs. 350 crores versus last 
year. The Company's consolidated PAT was negative Rs. 59 crores. The pre-Ind AS number 
would have been a profit of Rs. 57 crores.  
I am pleased to tell you that in line with our strategic initiatives, Lifestyle and Pantaloons are 
now 1.5x of last year reaching Rs. 6,608 crores and Rs. 4,069 crores respectively in revenues. 
Apart from the established businesses, I am delighted to share with you that the total size of our 
newer ventures which comprise of businesses in high-growth areas is already more than Rs. 
2,000 crores. We have added this scale to the ABFRL portfolio in the last 5 years while our 
established businesses – Lifestyle and Pantaloons – have also grown almost twofold over the 
same period. Our innerwear, youth fashion, and international brands together have grown more 
than 48% over the last year. Ethnic business grew 84% over the last year to reach Rs. 574 crores. 
Rebook is now well placed to become a major player in the Indian sportswear segment. TMRW 
has acquired 7 brands and is on track to build an exciting portfolio of next-gen digital-first brand 
for the next decade. Our consolidated net debt stood at Rs. 1,422 crores, as we continue to invest 
in our operations and new businesses. 
I will now take you through the performance of individual businesses starting with 
Lifestyle Brand: 
Lifestyle Brand posted its highest-ever Q4 revenues on the back of robust retail performance 
and strong e-commerce performance. Revenue for the quarter was Rs. 1,535 crores, 14% higher 
than last year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 225 crores. For the quarter, retail business grew by 31% 
over last year on the back of solid net addition of 128 stores during the last 1 year and consistent 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
same-store sales growth. Further, e-commerce continued to be a strong sales channel, as e-com 
sales grew by 49% Y-o-Y. For FY23, sales stood at Rs. 6608 crores, a 46% growth over last 
year. This growth was driven by premiumization and casualization, as the brands continued to 
build on their leadership position and gain market share. The business EBITDA crossed Rs. 
1,000 crores for the first time to reach Rs. 1,095 crores, a growth of 39% year on year. EBITDA 
margin was 16.6% for the year. This year, women's wear business within the Lifestyle Brand 
achieved more than 70% year-on-year growth in FY23. Also our presence in small-town India 
has aggressively expanded now totaling 600 stores. 
Moving onto Pantaloons business: 
The Pantaloons division recorded quarterly sales of Rs. 798 crores with a growth of 18% over 
the last year and 13% L-to-L growth. This was achieved despite a demand slowdown in the value 
segment. The performance in metro cities continued to remain strong but sales in Tier-2 and 
Tier-3 cities remained sluggish as inflationary pressures and weak consumer sentiments 
impacted the demand. The sales for FY23 stood at Rs. 4,069 crores, a 55% growth over the last 
year. Pantaloons posted an EBITDA of Rs. 635 crores with a margin of 15.6%. Pantaloons 
continued to expand its private label portfolio with new launches addressing diverse spaces like 
casual, innerwear, and youth segment. This year, Pantaloons significantly ramped up its store 
addition with 54 net additions, twenty-five of which opened during Q4. We plan to sustain this 
momentum in the coming fiscal year as well. 
Now, let me speak about other businesses in Madura: 
Other businesses segment continues with its outstanding performance. The portfolio comprises 
of 4 business lines – Active athleisure innerwear, youth fashion brands; super premium brands; 
and Rebook. During the quarter, this portfolio posted a revenue of Rs. 392 crores, an 81% growth 
over the last year. This portfolio recorded a revenue of Rs. 1,352 crores, a growth of 57% Y-o-
Y in FY23. Let me start with innerwear business performance. The business in FY23 posted 
33% Y-o-Y growth with retail revenue doubling over the last year. During the year, brand 
strengthened its reach to exit with 32,000 trade outlets and 175 exclusive brand outlets. The 
business also unveiled its fresh new retail identity setting the stage for a more dynamic and 
personalized shopping experience. Youth fashion brands consisting of American Eagle and 
Forever 21 delivered strong performance. American Eagle in FY23 delivered 89% revenue 
growth with 67% L-to-L growth. Brand opened 6 new exclusive brand stores in Q4 and now 
available at 37 EBOs. Forever 21 continued to expand its newer market as the brand posted 40% 
revenue growth over the last year in FY23. The brand also added 9 stores via asset light model 
in the last 1 year showing the trust the brand has gained over the years. The Collective and other 
super premium brands business witnessed a sharp growth of 60% over last year in FY23 with a 
very strong 41% L-to-L. The Collective is growing profitably not only in metros but in non-

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
metros as well. Online revenues continue to surge as our own e-com site thecollective.in is on 
the path to be a premier luxury e-com destination in India. 
Ethnic business: 
As you all know in 2018, we outlined our growth strategy to be built around ethnic wear, the 
largest segment in the Indian fashion space. Over these years, our Company has made several 
organic and inorganic moves with an objective to build a comprehensive portfolio brand in this 
key segment. This quarter, our ethnic segment achieved a revenue of Rs. 174 crores and has 
grown 72% Y-o-Y. This portfolio recorded a revenue of Rs. 574 crores in FY23 growing to 1.8x 
of last year. The business continued to invest in brand-building initiatives and strategic new store 
openings. In FY23, Sabyasachi grew 50% Y-o-Y, as the brand launched 2 new stores. Men's 
premium ethnic wear brand, Tasva, has continued to expand its network aggressively and is now 
available across more than 50 crores. Brand Tasva and its products continue to do well, 
recognized by the consumer and the industry. Jaypore's FY23 revenue grew 90% Y-o-Y, as the 
brand in FY23 added 8 stores to the network to exit the year with 18 stores. Shantnu Nikhil 
posted its highest ever yearly revenue with 53% growth Y-o-Y. SNCC by S&N, a sports inspired 
Lifestyle Brand, continued to gather customer interest. Also, as you are already aware – and we 
had a separate conference call as well for it – ABFRL board has approved the Company to 
acquire 51% stake in TCNS Clothing Company Limited through combination of an SPA with 
founder promoters and a conditional public open offer. Subsequently, it also proposed that TCNS 
will be merged with ABFRL through a scheme of amalgamation post receipt of necessary 
approvals. These deals will help us complete our ethnic wear portfolio and expand our existing 
ethnic wear portfolio into the premium women's ethnic wear segment. As I am talking to you 
today, we have made rapid progress in the process and already filed the necessary applications 
with the regulators for their approval. 
Leveraging our strong brands and their category extensions, our ethnic wear portfolio is primed 
for rapid growth. We are confident of raising a substantial and profitable business in the coming 
years. 
To Conclude: 
The Company continues to be on track to follow its long-term strategic objective. Our branded 
strategy as being the key driver of our success till date has enabled us to differentiate ourselves, 
build customer trust and loyalty, and effectively deliver our value propositions. Now, with a 
portfolio of very strong brands in the fast-growing segments, we are confident to build a 
comprehensive portfolio of offerings for all the consumer segments, wearing occasions, and 
price points. 
We are open to questions now. 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
We have our first question from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sir, three questions from my side. First is specifically on the margins for the Lifestyle Brands. 
There has been around 8% kind of Y-o-Y contraction. If you could just help us with what part 
of this was related to the incremental marketing spends which you highlighted and also the aspect 
of operating deleverage? 
Vishak Kumar: 
First things first. Usually, we do about 16% to 17% EBITDA in a quarter. This quarter was about 
a couple of percentage points lower than that. Last year Q4 had some exceptional gains that we 
had one-time gains. So, don't go by 1 quarter per se. But this quarter, fundamentally the 
difference was additional investments and advertising by a couple of percentage points. Plus, 
there were some rent concessions we had last year which we did not have this year. If you 
remember, last quarter was the last of the COVID rent relief that we had received from landlords 
which was spread through the 4 quarters of last year. This year, we did not have any such gains. 
But otherwise, basically and fundamentally, the difference between our typical average quarterly 
EBITDA versus this was about a couple of percentage points largely because of advertising 
delta. And you would see our brands very strongly advertised through various events even as we 
speak right now. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Vishak, a follow-up on Madura, was on the wholesale channel. Again, while retail has done 
reasonably well, we see that that channel has again seen a bit of a contraction. What is the outlook 
or thought on that channel going forward? 
Vishak Kumar: 
Actually, wholesale is fairly strong for us. Q4 you would see a negative primarily because we 
had done some accounting changes of a lot of buy & sell stores which we had converted to 
consignment. If you take that away and also if you look at it from a full-year perspective, it's a 
fairly healthy growth. Also, that channel is poised for a lot of growth. In fact, we just concluded 
a partner meet about in the end of March, where there is a lot of optimism around the kind of 
things that we are doing in the wholesale channel. So, my sense is that we continue to be leading 
the brands across various large chains. It's a strong channel. Don't go by the one quarter number 
which is primarily because of conversion of a set of stores, a large number of stores from buy & 
sell to consignment to enable superior replenishment model. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
So, this is a one-off adjustment in Q4? 
Vishak Kumar: 
That's right, yes. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Okay. I will maybe take those numbers offline. Last question was on the debt part. From Q3 to 
Q4, there has been a reasonable increase in debt. That was as per expectations? And second is, 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
at the time of the TCNS call, we did highlight a target of our debt to EBITDA and how is the 
bridge to that if we could just discuss, that would be helpful. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Nihal, let me answer your first part of the question. I think the increase in debt in this quarter 
has been slightly higher than what we had anticipated, primarily and I would say also entirely 
led by drop in sales versus the estimates that we had across our businesses. Effectively, from the 
base that we were…. If you look at our growth rate, in the first 3 quarters, the Company as a 
whole was growing at a very rapid pace and to that extent, despite an Omicron wave in this 
quarter, sales growth has been slightly lower than our internal estimates and that's what has 
resulted into higher inventory and to that extent, some large part of debt has come through that. 
Additionally, we have made investments in subsidiaries – TMRW and ethnic subsidiaries – 
during this quarter and that has further increased the debt to this level. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
And just on the outlook on once we considered the TCNS acquisition GIC money, how do we 
reach the target debt-to-EBITDA? What would be the investments next year? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
At this point of time, Nihal, we probably won't have the exact outlook on that. But to give you a 
sense of where that range would be, I think what Jagdish had mentioned in the call somewhere 
you had picked up this number during TCNS investment call, that is the outer range that Jagdish 
was sort of indicating towards what we might look at considering that we continue to invest in 
the growth of our businesses. We continue to see an opportunity both in new businesses as well 
as existing businesses to grow. You have seen Pantaloons investing in close to 60 stores this 
year. All the ethnic businesses put together have opened close to 70-75 stores. Madura 
businesses have more than 250 stores which were opened this year. So, we see that trajectory to 
continue, and therefore, while we don't have an exact number for debt for next year, Jagdish 
wanted to highlight that there will be a potential increase in debt towards the end of next year. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
My first question is with regard to the Pantaloons margin. If we see the Pantaloons margin even 
on a reported basis, that has come to around 8.5%. Even if this 8.5% we consider one-off, what 
kind of margins should we build going ahead? And what has impacted the margins during this 
quarter for Pantaloons specifically? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
Gaurav, our margin in Quarter 4 is 8.9%. And it is largely on account of the fact that we saw a 
little bit of sluggishness in our top line. If you look at the full year picture, in fact, FY22, our 
margin was 14.0% versus that we have ended the year at 15.6%. And therefore, our margin 
versus the full year has improved. I think it's just the sluggishness of the 4th quarter which has 
resulted in a slightly lower margin in Quarter 4. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
One follow-up here. Even if we see the annual sales per square feet, that comes to around Rs. 
7700 odd. And prior to year 2016-17, we were at around Rs. 8,800 per square feet. The sales per 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
square feet hasn't picked up over the last, I would say, 5-6 years even pre-COVID levels. How 
are we looking to drive that sales per square feet? And in that event, do you think that the 
increasing inflationary cost is impacting the margins on the other hand? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
I think our SSPDs we have seen versus last year, we have absolutely improved. We have been 
constantly adding stores, as you know, to our network. This time, if you see, we have been 
presenting to every quarter a lot of our store addition has been back-ended, and therefore, you 
don't see that kind of a shift. We are, however, very confident of the strategy that we have been 
on track on over the last few years in terms of improving our product, investments that we have 
made in our stores to improve the in-store experience, the fact that we have invested in our 
operations and IT, etc., and all of that has given us initial improvement in the productivity. I 
think again this year, with a little bit of slowdown that we saw in Quarter 4 and the fact that our 
stores are back ended, the numbers may not be stacking up, but we stay confident of the potential 
of Pantaloons and equally of our strategy and as the demand comes back, we definitely see that 
number lifting. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
We had guided earlier of 70 stores in Pantaloons. I think we ended around with 54. For the next 
year, do we maintain the guidance of (+70) stores or it will be now moderated around at 54 or 
55 levels? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
We had given a guidance of 60 to 70 stores. We actually opened 63 stores and we have shut 
about 9 stores which is a standard practice every year that you look at stores that are not 
profitable. Going forward, this year too, we are looking at opening 40 to 50 stores. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
That's net 40 to 50 stores? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
Yes, net. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Just one last bit on the TMRW subsidiary. If we look at the exit basis run rate for the TMRW 
subsidiary sales, it's around Rs. 220 odd crores that we get. If I remember for FY22, the total 
sales for all the subsidiaries was around Rs. 314 odd crores. Implies that there were losses of 
around Rs. 60 to Rs. 65 odd crores also that we incurred. Anything on why the sales, a) has been 
down versus the last year levels on the exit basis, and b) the losses. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
You are asking about TMRW subsidiary's numbers? 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes, TMRW subsidiary's total revenue numbers on the exit basis. If we see, it's around Rs. 54 
crores for the quarter, so around Rs. 220 odd crores for the year. Even if you adjust for the 
seasonalities, I think it will still be lower versus the FY22 levels. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
TMRW business started this year. Even though the brands that we have invested in the first 7 
sets of brands, they have come over a time period starting from October through as late as 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
February-March. So, what you are seeing is a reflection of a very small period for some of the 
brands, full quarter for some of the brands. Therefore, this is not truly reflective of where the run 
rate of this business is. It's much higher than what is projected in the quarterly revenue. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
If you can help us out what will be the possible exit target for the same? And also, on the losses 
part if you can help us out can we expect more losses going ahead as we invested into these 
businesses and now these losses will be funded? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It's very early stage for me to give actual number of losses and projections, Just to give you a 
sense of the run rate and revenue, these brands have been, as I said, acquired. Many of the brands 
have just had 1.5 to 2 months. Some brands have had 4 months. And to that extent, therefore, 
this revenue run rate is significantly higher than where we are. As far as losses are concerned, 
yes, we recognize that this business will have losses for the first couple of years. We had also 
mentioned and repeated it several times over the last 1 year that we have committed a certain 
fixed amount of equity to this business, which is Rs. 500 crores. A large part of it which we have 
already invested. About Rs. 350 odd crores has got invested in FY23. The remaining part will 
get invested over next year and further equity to both fund acquisitions, operations of the 
business, as well as losses will be raised through external sources. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
A few questions from my end. First, Vishak, you spoke about we moving our terms of trade 
from buy & sell to consignment. Just wanted to understand what led us to change these terms of 
trade and how should I account for this change in my model in terms of accounting purpose? 
Vishak Kumar: 
Tejash, we had exclusive stores which were on a buy & sell with the franchisee and we had 
exclusive stores which were on consignment. We found and we found this over a period of years 
the consignment model allows you to do a certain amount of we have a special software for 
replenishment which allows it to function very effectively when it is on consignment. So, we 
took the effort of converting all the stores that we had to consignment in Louis Philippe Van 
Huesen and Allen Solly. That has already created a very smooth transition in terms of inventory 
management assortment planning. It was a one-off thing. The exercise has been completed now 
except for some stores of Peter England which are still on the old model of buy & sell. All other 
stores have already been converted. It just improves the quality of assortment planning, the 
amount of analytics, and the information that you have on each store, the way you replenish on 
a daily basis for whatever sold the previous day in the store, all of that becomes of a superior 
nature with this model. 
Tejash Shah: 
How does it impact the working capital if at all? 
Vishak Kumar: 
In some way, it is working capital neutral because the inventory investment is offset by a deposit 
from the partner – from the franchisee. 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Tejash Shah: 
The second question pertains to Pantaloons. A lot of experiment in terms of model we are seeing 
in the large-format stores across the brands now in terms of whether COCO, COFO, and FOCO 
also in some cases. Just wanted to understand where are we in terms of leveraging the franchise-
led expansion strategy for Pantaloons and if you can share some thoughts on how you are seeing 
this piece also evolving because we are seeing a lot of changes happening in the whole landscape 
itself in terms of the model how large-format stores have been operated in the last 2-3 years. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Tejash, I will just give a quick response. If Sangeeta has something to add, she will add to it. 
Essentially, over the last few years, if you see, we have maintained a franchisee mix of between 
15%, 18%, 20%, 22% kind of range year on year over the last 3-4 years. We continue to believe 
that's the balance that we will have. And these franchisees which have not come in 1 year, so 
there is no drastic shift in our model as far as we are concerned. We started moving to 
franchisees, started testing them in small stores, in smaller markets, and slowly over a period of 
time have pruned it. We think this number will probably be range bound where we were it is. 
And as we expand the network, a similar amount will stay in the franchise. We don't see in our 
model a dramatic shift in this model. 
Tejash Shah: 
I have a follow-up there. When I see our success in Madura piece in terms of engaging with 
franchises and how much working capital efficient and scalable it can be and now looking at 
other large-format stores also kind of leveraging that part very efficiently. I am just wondering 
why we are kind of restricting it to 20% or 22% only. I can understand the better brand control 
you have always spoken about, but now seeing that others are doing it managing both polarity 
of objectives very efficiently, why are we not actually leveraging that part? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Tejash, I am taking away the financial accounting jugglery of having financial investment being 
made by somebody else and counting it as a franchisee model. We have found that in a multi-
category large-format multiple-product consumer segment, the kind of retail experience that's 
required is not necessarily easily replicable by franchisees. We are testing it. When we continue 
to sort of improve that which is why I am saying the number won't come down, but we don't 
believe a retailer should sort of completely let go off the primary business of retailing. And as 
our confidence in quality of franchising and consumer experience, merchandising, etc., improves 
over a period of time, these numbers may increase but we are circumspect from our experience 
right now large-format retailing is more complex for a franchisee to manage in terms of 
merchandising, consumer experience, etc. There is always a case of financially engineering it 
with somebody else investing and security deposit, etc., but we believe at this point of time, it's 
important to take control of operations, manage consumer experience, give us greater flexibility 
in moving merchandise, and replenishment, etc., which yourself as you pointed out, it's not that 
we don't know how to do franchising. We have India's largest franchisee network on the Madura 
side of the business. Many of them have experimented and many others have tried Pantaloons 
franchising. I think it's a lit bit more complex operationally as well as the level of control that 
want to exercise and which is why we are more aggressive. At any stage if we feel more 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
comfortable with the idea of actually it being seamless for consumers, we will probably do it 
faster, but right now where we are is where we are most comfortable. 
Tejash Shah: 
Last one if I may. When I look at our portfolio on ethnic side, it looks very wide and very deep 
also. Just wanted to understand just from the operating leverage perspective, how should we 
think about it? Whether these brands will interact with each other on the supply chain side or on 
the retail expansion side to bring out the operating leverage part of having such a diverse 
portfolio or you believe that they will individually compete against each other in some segments 
and let the efficiency of each brand speak out in terms of operating leverage? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think two parts that these brands are very diverse. The portfolio is very diverse and to some 
extent we got to make sure that we do justice to individual brands. At the same time, we are 
building management structures which allow synergy of operations in some areas where the 
brand is not directly involved like front-end retail expansion as well as some areas of common 
back-end sourcing knowledge, etc. We are right now not integrating any operations of the 
business because we believe it's best run within each individual brand, but key functional areas 
of sourcing, in some areas of retail business development, front end is where we are looking at 
synergy through common leadership management in some of these places. We need to initially 
make sure these brands remain distinctive and true to themselves to get to a certain size before 
the impact of synergy and some of those benefits start to play out more. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
A few questions; the first is just wanted to get a sense on the revenue trends in this quarter as 
well as in the coming period. If I see Lifestyle and Pantaloons, we have done mid-teens growth 
and maybe if I do some adjustments of Omicron benefit in the base and maybe price increase 
benefit, probably we would have seen flattish to maybe I don't know if at all declining volumes. 
And in some of the other companies' retail sectors also we are seeing similar trends. Since we 
are catering to multiple categories, both at the premium end as well as at the value end, just 
wanted to get a sense from you in terms of the current quarter as well as the outlook how is the 
trend; because price increase that we have taken in the previous quarters from passing on the 
raw material price would have more or less got adjusted. So, how do you see the revenue outlook 
in that context and across both premium as well as value category? Are we seeing any diverging 
trends? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Ali, let me first address the reference to price increase. The price increase in apparel industry 
and that's not just true for us I think for all the players in the market is almost 12 to 15 months 
back. The real price increase from the cost side pressure and textile value chain came 12 to 15 
months back, almost 3 seasons back. Price increases were made then. If anything, we are on the 
other side of the argument where there is deflationary or at least some readjustment of cost as 
far as textile. So, pricing is not really a factor right now. Having said that, I think you have a 
right observation. At mid-teen growth in a quarter where the base includes an Omicron effect 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
reflects softness of sales. Our overall growth rate this quarter has got affected significantly across 
our segments and that's really one of the points that you have made. It has also resulted in higher 
inventory and higher debt apart from some of the external reasons that I mentioned about the 
debt, but effectively, this is probably the first full quarter where the impact of slowdown is fully 
visible across all segments of our business. If you recall our earlier conversations in quarter 2 
and quarter 1, I had referred to the lower end of the market being more affected by. Now, it 
appears that it is a more widespread sort of slowdown in this period. Some of the actions are 
looking slightly excessive or just as in Lifestyle Brands, Vishak talked about a big reversal we 
have taken for conversion of stores. But overall, there is a softness in the market that is clear 
compared to the pre-festive period. 
In terms of our outlook, hard to put a number, but our sense is perhaps it's closer to the festive 
period when we will start seeing the kind of buoyancy that we had seen in the pre-festive period 
last year. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And you made a comment on deflationary trends. Do you think that any softness in raw material 
prices will be passed on which could help you revive demand? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Done…. which is why I am seeing your references are behind because the reduction in raw 
material prices is also a 6 months back story and all of it as we started to get benefit of it has got 
passed on to some extent wherever brands felt it was useful and necessary. I don't think pricing 
alone is a factor. I think there are larger demand pressures across not just apparel industry, across 
discretionary pockets. Inflation, overall slowdown in the economy, and there are many other 
macro factors beyond the textile price value equation. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
The second question is on Pantaloons. We have reduced our guidance from about 60-70 stores 
last year to now 40-50 stores. How do I read this? Is this maybe we are now closer to the 450 
stores? So, probably do you think that with 18,000 to 20,000 square feet size store to, you have 
reached a fair amount of base effect and therefore to that extent increasing the stores should be 
lower? Is there anything else that I should read into it? I was frankly expecting a much faster or 
larger run rate of store addition. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think there is absolutely no change in our either ambition for business or our sense of 
opportunity. I think Pantaloons continues to have a very large run rate over a long period of time. 
We continue to believe that we are in an early stage as the market to organized players grows. 
Pantaloons is well positioned with the familiar brands and it has tremendous opportunities in 
existing and new markets. I think the moderation is coming primarily on two accounts. One is, 
we have added something like 30 to 40 stores just in the last 4-5 months and that's a very large 
addition. Close to 25 stores have got added just last quarter. We are doing it at times when there 
is a pressure on discretionary consumption and particularly for a sustained period of time at the 
value end of the market where smaller towns if you look at the growth rates or performance of 
Pantaloons stores in metros versus tier 1 and tier 2, we can clearly see that the pressure is much 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
larger as we go away from larger cities. And to that extent, we are temporarily moderating the 
rate of new openings, at least in the smaller towns, and that's why it's resulting into a slightly 
smaller number from what we ended up in the last year. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
So, the pace of acceleration will be a function of recovery in the market? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, and we could come back maybe in the second half if things change with higher number but 
at this point of time, we want to sort of acknowledge the reality that is facing the business for 
the last couple of quarters and the softness that we continue to experience, particularly in smaller 
towns and that's the part of expansion that we want to slow down a little bit. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Just wanted some clarity on the net debt number. I understand you have mentioned that it is 
unusually high inventory, which is leading to this bloating of net debt, but we have traditionally 
always followed a model where we have a high amount of creditors which match the inventory 
even in case that it goes up. Have we changed this practice? Another question here is that with 
already at Rs. 1,400 crores level, given that margins are under pressure, demand is sluggish, you 
mentioned that we also see net debt levels increase in FY24. So, just wanted to understand, are 
we ready for this kind of an increase in debt from our balance sheet hygiene perspective or can 
we not cap our losses in our new investments for the time being? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
You are asking two questions. One is really about this year's closing net debt situation and the 
second is about strategy for next year. Let me answer each question separately. What happens is 
when last 4 months as the sales started to come below our expected numbers, it resulted in higher 
inventory resulting which effectively meant we curtailed some of the purchases for fresh 
inventory. We still have to pay, which we should for the inventory that you would have 
purchased during September-October-November. To that extent, therefore, the payables because 
it follows in about 120 to 140 days, payables came down, but because of loss of sales, inventory 
didn't come down. Therefore, what we are experiencing right now at a point of time of 31st 
March is a position where inventory hasn't adequately reduced but payables have reduced. This 
will offset in the coming quarters as we move forward because we have purchased less inventory 
during this period, and therefore to that extent, the inventory will come down as we go forward 
and we have less payables left to be made and to that extent, net working capital come down. As 
we have explained, we have consistently followed the larger principle that your front-end 
inventory should be adequately and reasonably matched with the credit period on the back end. 
That is a consistent philosophy; we have followed it for many years and it has kept the net 
working capital in the ratio that it exists today. But in the temporary period, at moments of time 
inventory will be higher and payables will be higher because we are not buying and selling at 
the same level. There is an increase in purchase before the beginning of the season which falls 
due 3-4 months later and the sales also have similar peaks and troughs. Therefore, at all points 
of time, the picture at a point of time may look different but overall as you average it over a 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
period of time, the net working capital cycle that we have established over the last 4-5 years 
stays good. So, don't worry about it. It's a temporary and transient phase. This balance will get 
corrected very soon. 
On next year's number, I think your suggestion is, is there a way we could expand less either on 
CAPEX or on the losses side, I have just mentioned we are moderating our businesses in line 
with the reality in response to the previous question on Pantaloons expansion. We look at it 
carefully every time and right through the close of the year. I don't see a major shift in strategy 
because I think many of these strategies are built to succeed over a long period of time. Many 
new businesses we have gone into are very early phase. In some sense, our Company is in a 
transformation phase for the last couple of years and I think we will have to complete the journey 
over the next 2-3 years. So, you wouldn't see a significant or dramatic shift in strategy but minor 
adjustments and calibration that we will have to do, we will keep doing that. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, as you have been indicating that our inventory levels have been slightly on a higher side. 
Just wanted to check do you expect our margins to get impacted in FY24 pertaining to this 
liquidation of inventory? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, not at all. This is a transitory phase in which one period, we are consistently adjusting our 
inventory purchase with future sales estimates. In a long lead time industry like us, it takes a few 
months for it to show up. There is no risk or expectation of any loss of inventory on this account. 
And to the extent that it exists in the fashion industry, I think it's already there in the base and is 
a more continuous process. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, previously we had indicated about a loss in ethnic on an annual basis a billion in D2C and 
about half a billion in Reebok. Are we still maintaining a similar outlook for '24 as well? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Let me start first by Reebok. I don't think Reebok we will have a loss. We are beginning to see 
the first signs of success in this. Reebok has already sufficiently given us confidence to believe 
that it's a business which will be a profitable business right from year 1. As far as D2C is 
concerned, I think we will continue to invest. I wouldn't give a number at this point of time 
because we are still trying to get a sense of individual brands as well as overall portfolio that we 
will build, but no shift in difference from where we probably are today at this point of time; I 
don't see a change. 
On the ethnic portfolio, our primary losses are coming from our deep investments in Tasva. I 
think that's something that we will have to continue for some more time before the brand gets 
early footing and a basic level of scale for us to ramp down. I think that will remain slightly at 
higher levels perhaps for a year or 18 months more. 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Our CAPEX has been about 5 billion in standalone operations and about 7 billion for 
consolidated operations in FY23. if you could provide a ballpark breakup for this as in which 
segments, this money has gone? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Not very different. Are you asking details of where that has gone? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
That's mostly in retail stores. There is a shop-in-shop CAPEX that goes. But a large part of our 
CAPEX goes into building new stores, renovations, or shop-in-shops and that's across the 
businesses. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Standalone I guess includes…. Lifestyle is majorly on a franchisee basis, so broadly about 60 
odd stores that we have opened in Pantaloons and maybe the innerwear and EBOs as we may be 
opening, right? Is this a fair understanding? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It is reasonably fair, but not fully correct to say Lifestyle Brands don't open, as one of the things 
that we are doing in Lifestyle Brands and as you are seeing the scale and size of our brands, two 
of our Lifestyle Brands have crossed Rs. 2,000 crores and we see potential for the next level of 
growth for these brands. We are opening large-format stores in many of our brands. Therefore, 
our share of capital which is own capital in large-format stores in Lifestyle Brands is increasing 
slightly at least for a short period till there is enough franchise confidence that gets built in in 
these large-format stores. That's another reason why some of our capital expenditure is higher 
even in the standalone business. And all the new businesses that we are building whether 
Jaypore, Tasva at this point, innerwear to a large extent at this point apart from Pantaloons are 
largely own CAPEX businesses. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
The Style Up stores; are these included in the Pantaloons numbers or the Pantaloons number is 
only Pantaloons; it does not include Style Up? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It doesn't include Style Up. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that the total number of stores that we have added in FY24 and in 
Q4 in Pantaloons, what percentage would that be into Tier-1, 2, 3 cities? Rough estimate if you 
can help us understand? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
 We have added about 25 stores in this quarter, just for Quarter 4, and we have added net about 
54 stores as we told you – a total of 63 with about 9 closures as what we have opened. Off these 
63 stores, about 40 stores are in metros and tier 1 split equally and the rest of the stores are in 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
tier 2 and tier 3. Metro includes the metros and some capital towns, the top 10-12 cities. About 
20 stores are in those cities. 
Varun Singh: 
As we highlighted earlier that there is amount of stress in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities, if you can 
help us understand that how has been the performance – objective assessment in the metro and 
Tier-1 cities? Maybe like-to-like performance or anything of that sort? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
 As we mentioned earlier, I think Ashish mentioned it a couple of times and I said it at the 
beginning as well that we started seeing a little bit of a slowdown post festives starting from 
November-December. Our growths in metros are relatively better versus the Tier-1, Tier-2, and 
Tier-3 towns and that again corroborated well with all the reports that you read. Given the 
inflationary pressures, growth across sectors and these sectors also has been impacted more 
severely in tier 1, tier 2, and tier 3. However, as we said before, it's too early to comment on the 
new stores because most of our stores are back-ended and we do believe that all these markets, 
the Tier-1, Tier-2, and Tier-3 markets, they are still underpenetrated markets. There is potential, 
but this last 5-6 months of slowdown has impacted the performance of I think most 
organizations. 
Varun Singh: 
Madam, overall at portfolio level, what would be the total number of stores in metro and tier 1? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
 About 50 odd percent of our stores, 55% to 56% of the 430 stores that we have are in metro and 
tier 1. 
Varun Singh: 
Last question on Reebok. I just wanted to understand what is the distribution scale up program 
out here. 
Vishak Kumar: 
First things first. When we took over the business, we moved about 110 stores. By the end of 
September, we should have added another 40 stores to this. So, we should have a cumulative 
tally of about 150 stores. We are also significantly strengthening the wholesale network. We 
have already launched about 30 doors of Shoppers Stop. Many other department store doors will 
follow. Likewise in multibrand stores. It's an effort which is on full pelt with huge momentum 
to be able to scale up the business to be available in the kind of outlets that the brand deserves 
to be in. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, my first question is on Pantaloons. Is it fair to assume Pantaloons on pre Ind AS basis, 
EBITDA we would have made a loss for the first time in this business ex-COVID quarters? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We don't want to get into different accounting had given. But yes, the overall this quarter 
performance, not just for Pantaloons, as you can make out overall at the Company level itself is 
much softer. 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, from Tasva perspective, we have started franchisee expansion. We have always had that 
initially we will have a COCO expansion and then we can have a franchisee expansion. For 
FY24 expansion, how will be the mix between franchisee and COCO? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I guess we will have one more year at least of majorly Company-owned expansion. During the 
course of this year, we will perfect the model, figure out the retail operations, merchandising, 
and other aspects of the business before we start handing over to franchisee. One of the things 
that you have to consider and this also goes back to the earlier question that for a Company 
which runs 2,500 stores through franchisees and close to 700 franchisees, making franchisees 
successful is one of the most important things for us and that's what has fared us into 20-25 years 
of relationship with franchisees. We are not in a hurry to hand over the businesses to franchisees 
until the model is well proven. It doesn't mean that we haven't tried. Even in Tasva, a couple of 
stores out of the first 50 stores that we have – don't have the exact number, but about 6-7 stores 
already are franchisee stores. But we will remain watchful that share will not let it go too rapidly 
until we have established the business fully. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My last question is on Galeries Lafayette The first store in Bombay is expected to open in FY24. 
What will be the CAPEX for this and how many losses should we build in for the first 2 years 
for this store? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I don't think at this point of time I want to give you a number on that because we are still figuring 
out the model around. I expect in a good case scenario, we should not be losing money in that 
business at least in the second year. First year, there are sometimes preoperative and initial 
investments, but I don't expect to lose money in that business even from year 2 onwards. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Is it fair to build in around Rs. (+100) crores CAPEX for that and FY24 opening? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think it will be split between '24 and may run into a little bit of '25. 
Ankit Kedia: 
One more question if I can squeeze in. While offline you are seeing some pressure on demand, 
online are you seeing any channel pressure out there as well emerge or that's pretty resilient 
now? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think the demand pattern is more organic. It's channel independent, channel agnostic, and 
similar across channels, especially for the portfolio brands that we run which is widespread and 
cover multiple consumer segments. All of our brands have online and offline presence. The 
outlook on business in consumer behavior is no different online and offline and it's the macro 
trend which is actually leading to softening of demand. It's no different in any channel. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Shrey J. from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Shrey J: 
Sir, my first question is, I just wanted to understand the CAPEX number for FY24 and FY25; 
what would that be? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We haven't given out an indication but as you have seen the overall CAPEX for FY23, '24 and 
'25 will perhaps, at least '24 would be roughly in the similar range. 
Shrey J: 
Do we envisage any further investments in our newer businesses – be it ethnic, TMRW, or the 
other businesses? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I have indicated TMRW investments. We have said that repeatedly and that's what we will stay 
with. We have not made the full investment as yet. As far as the ethnic businesses are concerned, 
yes, Tasva will take more investments. Smaller bit of investments may be required for small 
ethnic businesses which is Jaypore and some of the designer business, but those won't be large. 
I think most of the meaningfully large investment will stay with Tasva and a little bit in Jaypore. 
Shrey J: 
Why I am asking is we are about Rs. 1,400 odd crores of net debt. You spoke about the expansion 
in stores for Pantaloons as well as Lifestyle businesses and you are saying ethnic also. So, just 
wanted to understand is this Rs. 1,400 crores the peak or how should we look at this? Just wanted 
to understand on that front. That's why the question. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I think if you refer to my response on the Pantaloons question, the calibration of network 
expansion is more driven by demand side factors and not necessarily from the balance sheet 
alone. As we said, we will have to remain watchful but we wouldn't change our strategy 
dramatically at the current level. We feel we have the strength in the business to be able to 
generate cash to deal with situations of higher debt if it comes to that. We have indicated a high 
level of debt towards the end of next year, primarily because we believe that we will need to 
continue and there is an opportunity to continue our multiple platforms that we have built during 
the course of the last 2 or 3 years. To do justice to the opportunity in front of us, we will continue 
to invest in these businesses as they are. We will of course be watchful looking at the market 
realities as we actually invest on the ground. 
Shrey J: 
My last question on the inventory. Now, we have seen about Rs. 1,000 odd crores of increase in 
the inventory. What kind of reductions can we see in this year or maybe this quarter if you can 
just help us understand that? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Please remember this Rs. 1,000 crores inventory has come on an increase of Rs. 4,000 crores of 
sales. To that extent, it's an increase which is matched to a large extent by the sales increase that 
you see, as sales has also grown by 50%, inventory has grown slightly lower than that. But yes, 
it's a fair point that you made. To the extent of about Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 crores is the level 
of inventory which we believe is higher than ideal than what we should have had at this point of 
time and that's equally reflective in what we think was the opportunity for us in the last 2 
quarters, as additional sales that we would have planned for. As we go down, as the sales 

 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
May 22, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
situation softens, if it remains at that level, that's the opportunity that we have about Rs. 300 odd 
crores of inventory. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf of the management, we 
thank all participants for joining us. In case of any further queries, you may please get in touch 
with Mr. Amit Dwivedi. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
