 
 
17th May, 2023  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 5th 
Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400051 
BSE Limited  
The Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers  Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Symbol: BALRAMCHIN 
Scrip Code: 500038 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Ref : Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
 Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
held on 12th of May, 2023.  
 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: www.chini.com 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
 
 
 
Manoj Agarwal  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
MANOJ 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.05.17 
16:49:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India.  
Jenny Rose: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Balrampur Chini Mills Q4 
& FY23 Results Conference Call. 
We have with us, Mr. Vivek Saraogi – Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Avantika 
Saraogi – Business Lead; and Mr. Pramod Patwari – Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company. 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Management, following which 
we have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the Results Presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q4 & FY23 Call of our 
Earnings. 
I trust all of you had the opportunity to go through our results presentation providing 
details of our operation and financial performance. I will initiate the call with an update 
on the current developments in the sugar sector followed by our Company’s key 
highlights for the period under review. 
ISMA has lowered its projections for overall production for the 2022-23 season from 
34 million tonnes to 32.8 million tonnes. This factors in about a 4 million tonnes 
diversion from sugar to ethanol. The crushing season in Maharashtra concluded with 
a production of about 10.5 million tonnes. This was against 12.1 million tonnes, which 
was projected earlier, primarily due to lower yields. In contrast, UP production was 
about 10.5 million tonnes to 10.6 million tonnes, Karnataka is estimated at 5.7 million 
tonnes as compared to 6.2 million tonnes. So in a nutshell, UP has gone up about 
3% to 4% and the rest have come down. 
Furthermore, sugar mills have almost completed the export quota of 6 million and I 
believe it's being shipped out from not only from the mills, but also majorly out of the 
ports, so it's basically evacuated and given the drop in production, the Government 
is focused on ensuring adequate domestic supply, obviously based on the 
production, consumption, and export numbers, we will have a closing stock about 6 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
million tonnes and hence there is no probability of any further export. This also 
means that there is a very fine balance of demand and supply, which is positive for 
domestic pricing. It should keep domestic pricing  firm . 
On the ethanol front, India is making progress in blending ethanol with petrol towards 
the target of achieving 20% blending. Ethanol supply to OMC has risen to 434 crore 
BL in 2021-22. To meet the 20% target, the Government is promoting production of 
ethanol from maize crops as well, but that seems to be a little far off. The target is to 
reach 12% blending in 2020-23, which is the current season, 15% in 2023-24 and 
going up to 20% thereafter. 20% would require a capacity of 1700 crore liters. The 
auto industry is adapting fuel flexible vehicles and E20 ethanol pumps have been 
launched in more than 100 outlets also. Also, the auto companies have started 
reengineering or enable the engines to adopt E20 from 1st April. Ethanol production 
has also benefited the sugar industry and the farmers. 
On the business front, the Company concluded the year on a positive note on 
account of the steady contribution from the sugar and distillery segment. Despite a 
moderate performance in the 9 preceding months due to lower crushing volume in 
the previous season, the Company witnessed an improvement in Q4-FY23, primarily 
owing to enhanced ethanol capacity utilization. 
During the quarter, cane crushing was higher due to increased cane area and 
improved yield at the farm level. So, if I can brief, we have crushed 10.3 crore quintals 
of cane this season against 8.88 core quintals in previous season and that is an 
increase of about 15% over last year. Our recovery was approximately 11.48% on a 
blended level of C-Heavy in previous season, and this year we would be about 
11.62%. So that is an improvement of about 15 bps with an increase in percentage 
of 15%, so both have gone up. As you have heard the last 2 years were ruined 
because of excess rain in very short periods of crushing. 
Coming to distillery business, capacities are now being optimally used. We are 
confident in our ability to reach the target of 34-35 crore liters of alcohol production. 
Additionally, the Company has embarked on a project to increase cane crushing at 
its Kumbhi unit from 8000 to 10,000 TCD which will be financed through internal 
accruals and which would be commissioned prior to cane crushing in the next 
season. The Company has allocated more than Rs. 1100 crore towards CAPEX in 
FY23, out of which Rs. 466 crore has been raised through debt financing while 
remaining funds have been sourced through internal accruals. These strategic 
investments will enable us to drive growth in future. 
In conclusion, the Company is dedicated to generating value for all the stakeholders 
through prudent investment and capital allocation strategies. Keeping this in mind, 
an interim dividend of Rs. 2.5 per share was paid during the year. Additionally, we 
commenced our 6th consecutive buyback of equity shares on 16th November and we 
have bought back a total of 22.9 lakh shares. The buyback is open till 15th May, but 
it's beyond the permitted price. 
This brings me to the end of our discussion. I would request Avantika to provide you 
with an update on the progress on the cane front. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Good afternoon and thank you everyone for joining the call. 
I would like to give you a short overview of the cane activities. Our cane plantation is 
almost complete for the year. The total area under cane has again increased by an 
additional 7-9% for the upcoming season. This shows a further hike in cane 
availability in the season to come. Area of disease ridden and degenerating Co 0238 
is reducing drastically every year. We stood at around 75% crushed just 2 years ago 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
and the year gone by, we have already come down to 46% crush and by the next 
year we will drop to only a 27% crush of cane variety Co 0238. This will not only 
improve the recovery to the tune of its reduction, but also the incidence of disease 
will reduce due to the sparseness of it, and it will also make it easier to identify and 
salvage the disease brought thereafter. The area of 0238, which has been reduced 
has been taken over by higher recovery varieties like Co 0118, which we had only 
around 4% to 5% of 2 years ago, and this year we have crushed approximately 20% 
of it and it will increase by a further 13% for the upcoming season, putting us at a 
total of 33%. This variety has proven its superior recovery and good yield in the 
factories, which have crushed a higher percentage of it this year. 
Other than this new and higher recovery varieties which we crushed a negligible 
amount of this year have also increased to the tune of 8% crushed for next season. 
Therefore, in a nutshell, we are again set up for an even higher crush and even 
higher recovery in the upcoming season. 
Further, we have seen a climatic disruption and we have worked very, very hard or 
mitigating any sort of climate risk be at high temperatures, drought, flood, heavy 
winds, etc. We have worked and will continue to work on climate smart agriculture 
to shield ourselves from any drastic changes, which can occur for cane quantity and 
quality year-on-year. 
Another sphere which has really picked up is ratoon management, credit to our cane 
staff, but now our farmers have really adopted this idea of working on ratoon crops, 
which was never a practice in East UP. This will also help total crushing and 
recovery. We have also made cane payments on a consistent 8-10 days post-supply 
basis even before it becomes statutorily due at 14 days according to the Government 
norms. This has created immense goodwill at the farmer level and it helps us 
motivate them to plant good varieties and do all necessary agri practices in order to 
keep the crop flush and healthy.  
Lastly, programs like ‘Tissue Culture’ and ‘Seed Nursery’ are on and going well. This 
will ensure long term healthy cane supply. 
That's it on the cane front. Thanks a lot. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So basically, that was a rundown on the cane front and now request Pramod for 
some remarks and then we can go ahead. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you and good afternoon everyone. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go 
through the presentation that has been shared wherein all the financial and 
quantitative data have been given. 
To ensure that we have a larger portion of time for the Q&A session, I would request 
the moderator to open the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-
and-answer session. We take the first question from the line of Rajesh Majumdar 
from B&K Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had a question on the ethanol supply 
program of the government. If we look at it, are talking about 600 crore liters this 
ethanol year 2022-23 of which you said about 518 crore tenders have already been 
finalized. Now, why is the offtake so poor till 23rd April only 220 crore liters have been 
delivered I wanted the answer to that. And secondly, even if you look at our own 
ethanol sales for the quarter, they are about 2 crore short of the of the production, 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
which has never happened before. So, is there any worry on that that our ethanol 
sales though we are targeting 34 crore to 35 crore may actually be far shorter 
because of the lower crop this year.  
Pramod Patwari: 
All marketing companies came out with 600 crore litre of ethanol requirement for the 
2022-23 ethanol year. Subsequently, there was a revision in the cycle. They reduced 
the period from 12 months to 11 months. So, on that basis, on 12% blending the 
consumption requirement would be around 500 crore liter for 11 months and they 
are trying to build up a storage for around 50-60 crore liter so against 550 -560 crore 
litre, I believe 518 has already been contracted this is the position as of now. As far 
as Balrampur Chini Mills is concerned, there was some delay in the start as well as 
stabilization of distilleries as a result of which production was on the lower side. But 
if you see the inventory number of alcohol as of 31st March, we are holding 2.27 
crore liters against last year's number of around 60 lakh liters. So, some dispatches 
happened in the last week of March and as you must be knowing that revenues are 
accounted for only on delivered cost basis, so ethanol was in transit, of around 50 
lakh liters. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So you're saying effective stock is 1.5 crore litre. 
Pramod Patwari: 
In addition to that there was slow movement also. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So just to add to what Pramod said, oil marketing companies need a steady stream 
of supply for the year. So, some stocking will happen at our end, marginally higher 
than last year. So that in the weak months of July, August, September when most 
people don't produce, we will produce, there will be adequate availability of ethanol 
then in the last quarter where people usually fail. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And out of this 513 crore litre, it's possible to know our market share in the tender. 
Our tender quantity from 513 crore litre? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Our tender quantity is 26.74 crore liter. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And this we hope to complete by ethanol year 2022-23? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Before November. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Tholiya from Systematix.  
Pratik Tholiya 
Just a quick clarification. In the 4th Quarter, we sold 4.3 crore liters of ethanol from 
syrup and grain route. Can you split this between how much is the syrup and how 
much is grain or it was 100% syrup? 
Pramod Patwari: 
100% syrup. 
Pratik Tholiya 
Have we exported any sugar in the 4th Quarter or we have sold our entire sugar 
export quota to Maharashtra? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes, out of 1.98 lakh tonnes of quota allocated to us, 1.4 lakh tonnes was met 
through physical exports and the balance was swapped against the domestic 
release. 
Pratik Tholiya 
Right, so there's no physical export sale in 4th Quarter for us. 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
There is physical sale of export in the 4th Quarter. So, by the 31st of March, we have 
completed the entire 1.4 lakh tonnes. 
Pratik Tholiya 
And the and the quantity that you got against the swapping of quota that has not yet 
been allocated to us that will come from May onwards. 
Pramod Patwari: 
No, that has already been allocated, that started from November. So, it will run from 
November to maybe I don't recall the exact month maybe May, June, July. 
Pratik Tholiya 
If I see your YoY sales, your domestic quota has been largely flat. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes, you are right. Particularly in the month of March, the demand as well as the 
prices were subdued. 
Pratik Tholiya 
And just lastly a broader question because we are expanding our crushing capacity 
also from 8,000 TCD to 10,000 TCD in one of the plants and there are other industry 
players also who seem to be expanding capacity. But just maybe 3-year horizon, 
how do you see the availability of raw material, of course, Madam just pointed out 
that you are doing a lot of work in terms of increasing the yields and all. But with 
overall industry also expanding and then there are also this weather-related 
challenges we've always been facing, whether it is weak monsoon or excess 
monsoon or drought, etc. Do you think the raw material availability with this expanded 
capacity, not just for us for the industry as a whole, will it be steady state supply or 
there could be challenges going forward in terms of availability of cane may be 3 
years to 4 years down the line. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
We don't see a challenge in cane availability. To the tune of the capacity that we 
creating, we will always in my mind receive cane without an issue. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let me bifurcate your concerns into two-three parts: You're talking of others 
expanding, so cane availability in our geographic area is privy to the expansion done 
in our area. So, nobody in our area is expanding. You spoke of El Nino so in East 
Up especially and I'm just sticking my neck a bit on this one, but don't hold me to it, 
a little lower rainfall is beneficial for us. And if the latter part of the year doesn't have 
rainfall we will be delighted if September onwards we don't get rain. So, El Nino 
doesn't concern us so much. Expansion I've answered. Our crushing capacity 
increase which you just pointed out and as Avantika has said, we'll have enough 
cane. If to hazard our guess for the next year, we hope to be 10% higher in terms of 
cane crushing. Recovery can't be predicted, but we are looking to be definitely higher 
on recovery also based on Avantika’s presentation of varietal change and disease 
management. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI Direct.  
Sanjay Manyal: 
I have a few questions. One is, what I understand, your domestic quota was 
somewhere around 8.26 lakh tonnes for the full year, whereas your total sales is 
9.03, which includes 1.4 lakh tonnes of exports. So, have you foregone some 
domestic quota in the financial year or maybe in this quarter? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes, as I mentioned earlier, the domestic prices were subdued in the March Quarter, 
so there was lower sales. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
So this would be to the tune of 50,000 tonnes to 60,000 tonnes? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
The exact data we don't have but Pramod is giving you the answer that absolutely 
depressed prices, we decided to forego a bit of sale which will come back later. 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
And if you can just repeat what is the Co 0238 percentage in the crushing this year 
and expected next year I missed that bit. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
It's 46% was crushed in the season gone by and we expect only 27% in the next 
season. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And the 27% which we are looking to crush will be much better and healthier. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Because the disease will spread less due to the sparseness of the field. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Next season 27% would be Co 0238 and 33% would be Co 118. So, which would be 
the other varieties which you using? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, we are looking at some very high yeilding varieties like 15023 and there are 
some varieties which are sort of only meant for low land so it's a combination of that. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Around 8% of higher recovery variety in totality you can take super higher recovery 
variety. I don’t want to bifurcate among those. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP 
Paribas.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sir my question is regarding the sugar production for the next year, considering the 
higher yield varieties and good recovery rate, what kind of expectations are in terms 
of production for upcoming season and season after that? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Are you talking for Balrampur or for the country? 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: For Balrampur. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
As we indicated to you next season, we are definitely looking at 10% higher, weather 
not playing super truant and maybe another 7% to 8% higher thereafter. Just to give 
everyone a flavor of our business protocol, division between B-Heavy juice, sugar 
crushing, our assets on the ground today are sufficient and would need about 12 
crore quintals of cane for 100% sweating and we hope to get let’s say you've done 
10.30 this year, you're looking at 10% more, so 11.30-11.40 crore quintals next year 
and thereafter easily 12 crore quintals. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: And sir my second question is on the working capital so this year obviously because 
of the higher inventory, the working capital requirement on a higher but in one of your 
slides in the presentation as the distillery contribution goes up, the working capital 
requirement will also moderate. So, in that context should we expect the working 
capital days to come down over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Pramod Patwari: 
You are absolutely right, the reason behind working capital utilization went up this 
time because of the deployment of internal accruals into the CAPEX. Had there been 
no CAPEX, you could have seen the working capital utilization lower by Rs. 500 
crore at least. As we move up, there will be lower working capital utilization. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Last one on the international front, in April the Brazil production has gone back on 
32%-odd this is what I've read in the print media. So, should we expect the 
international supply to go up considering the fact that the diversion towards ethanol 
is a little bit on the lower side because of the drop in the crude prices. So, in that 
context should we expect supply to be a little bit higher on the international front and 
do we have any impact on sugar prices or on the sugar realization front? 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, my request would be don't go by this every fortnight release of data. Brazil's 
production is already expected to be around 37 million tonnes to 38 million tonnes 
for the upcoming sugar season that has already been factored in the prevailing 
international prices as well as the overall demand-supply or sugar availability at the 
global level. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Basically, to see Indian prices, the more relevant data is India 's Inventory, India 's 
upcoming production with an understanding that export as and when permitted 
should sell at a healthy price. All three of these boxes are ticking and ringing very 
loudly today. So as Pramod said, we don't need to look at any other data in case 
you're looking to track Indian sugar prices. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Shailesh Kanani: 
My question was with respect to margins from juice route vis-à-vis B-Heavy 
molasses. We have been guiding that the margins would be on similar trend between 
juice route and B-Heavy and somehow this quarter the margins have taken a fall 
because of juice route sales basically. So, can we share some views on that and 
also guidance going ahead for the distillery division? 
Pramod Patwari: 
We would not like to share the segment wise guidance as far as the profitability is 
concerned, but the profitability or the margin out of juice is definitely lower than the 
B-heavy this is what we have seen in whatever period we have distilled. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But as we go ahead, this margin will improve a bit because your first year with 
Syrup/Juice, we stride various chemicals combinations towards the end we got the 
result and we hope the margins they should definitely improve. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
But the fall in margin seems to be very steep that is the reason I was wondering that 
if in juice margins are very less? 
Pramod Patwari: 
See, these capacities are yet to be fully utilized so that is also one of the reasons. 
Some fixed overheads, there was some issue with respect to the plant stabilization 
also. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
It takes some time for the brand-new things. So don’t worry, don’t think much. Margin 
will not be that bad. You will see next year that they will be improving. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
My related question because of that correct me if I'm wrong, so we are not in a catch 
22 situation wherein we are facing margin pressure under juice route vis-à-vis B-
Heavy and if we don't take juice route, our volumes would not give a healthy jump 
as we are expecting so that is not the situation, right? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
No, that that's not the situation. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Shailesh having said that at the current juice-based ethanol prices, margin is lower 
than B-Heavy. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But you've got to understand that all three things need to be done in order for the 
country to holistically move forward. We definitely will improve from this year but as 
Pramod says you cannot expect the same margin maybe. So, I'm just giving you 
another scenario in four years from now, let's say sugar production becomes excess 
and the global markets take a downfall, you will find that these two divisions are 
giving you the best return, so you are hedging yourself into all three based on the 
Government program which needs the industry participation in order to fructify. Yes, 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
as Pramod said it will be lower but it will definitely make up from here. The gap will 
narrow as we have seen in the last one month of working. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Sorry to stress on this but can we give a guidance on consolidated basis in that case 
if we are not comfortable with giving the guidance on a segmental basis. 
Pramod Patwari: 
We don't give guidance on the margin or for the EBITDA. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I missed one part of the call; can you share the sugar volume and realization break 
up in between domestic and export for the quarter? 
Pramod Patwari: 
I think that is that has already been shared in the presentation. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, I'll just go through it then. Sir one more question, we have seen a timing 
difference in ethanol offtake for the 4th Quarter. So, in light of that, do we revise our 
34 crore to 35 crore litre of guidance for ethanol volume for the next year? 
Pramod Patwari: 
As of now we look to supply 34-35 crore litre for FY24, but as the season progresses 
we will update you. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But there is no big sort of gap when you look at it. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
If I can squeeze one last question, Sir, I'm seeing some stock of syrup as well 
mentioned in the presentation and I was under the impression that syrup per se can't 
be stored so if you can just shed some light on us. 
Pramod Patwari: 
It's a work-in-progress. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
It is rotation so distillery when you begin you get feed in 5 days so it's that which is 
rotating within the machines. One more thing, this year we began a little late because 
some of our expansions sort of got completed 15 days late owing to supply and there 
was a lot of water in 2-3 factories. So, hopefully next year with this El Nino, we should 
be able to begin an average of 10 days earlier for the whole Company so that itself 
will increase your ethanol supply. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant Sharma from Nuvama Wealth Research.  
Nishant Sharma: 
Sir my question is again related to margin. Just wanted to understand while distillery 
segment is the highest grossing margin, this time around we are seeing one-off kind 
of events which impacted the margins, but in terms of sugar sales in domestic and 
international markets, where we would generally get better margins or maybe if you 
can help us understand where the international prices needs to be certain 
percentage higher to be getting margin equal or same in domestic as well as 
international markets. 
Pramod Patwari: 
You need to evaluate the performance of the company of a sugar company on a 
company level basis number one and on an annual basis, March quarter will always 
be the best quarter because of the fact that we get complete 90 days of production 
and fixed overheads get allocated or spread over a larger volume of production. This 
segment-wise profitability is a function of transfer pricing. If I want to assign a lower 
value to bagasse and molasses, my profitability will jump up in the distillery division. 
Nishant Sharma: 
For distillery and Sugar segment I got it. I was asking for a spread between 
international profitability if we sell sugar in international market and if we sell sugar 
in domestic market, so what is the price differential that would be needed for having 
a similar margin so that is why I just wanted to understand the sense. 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, this is irrelevant at this point in time. We are selling sugar at around Rs. 36.5 per 
kg in the domestic market as against the international prices of say around Rs. 51 
per kg. But nobody in the country has any quota to export sugar and that is the 
reason that these prices are ruling so high in the international market. 
Nishant Sharma: 
My next question is that we have mentioned some maybe duty in the distillery 
segment on molasses. What is that levy of about close to Rs. 7 crore, is it one-off or 
is it regular one? 
Pramod Patwari: 
It's the regular one. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
The Government of UP keeps imposing new fees, which one has no control over. 
We also went to court against this, but with no success yet. 
Nishant Sharma: 
But such things happen every year or this is more like changes in the rates that 
happen every year. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
No, not every year. 
Pramod Patwari: 
That was introduced last year. 
Nishant Sharma: 
This is the percentage of something going forward we can build in because possibly 
this might have also impacted our margins? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I know it has impacted, but we agitated very hard. We hope that such nonsense 
should not repeat itself but withdrawal of this looks difficult. 
Nishant Sharma: 
So basically, in terms of manufacturing or producing ethanol, we use different raw 
material or the input side. So, we use B-Heavy molasses, we use sugar syrup and 
now we have a capacity for grain-based as well. So, we will be seeing any cyclicity 
be when using this input or this can be done any given point of time and it could be 
interchangeable for any crop. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
There is only one distillery which is compatible for producing from grain, that is the 
Maizapur one. In season it will run on syrup full, off season it will run on grain. The 
rest are all B-Heavy ones. One is C-Heavy for country liquor. But yes, they are 
interchangeable in terms of B can run on C. Juice can run on B, but no other unit can 
run on grain outside of Maizapur. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K 
Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a question on the capex and the sugar mills. What is the kind of output increase 
we envisage or do we envisage at all from the modernization that we have done at 
the sugar mills level. I'm just talking about the sugar capex, not the distillery capex. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, what we are going to get is higher cane availability and lesser losses and old 
plants, safety breakdowns, etc. So just to explain to you East and West are two 
different zones. West UP farmers have no problem if you run up to middle of May 
they don't reduce cane. If you do that in East UP, they will reduce cane so we've got 
into higher capacity. Now this will enable us to crush what we need to go to 12 crore 
by April end, so that will keep the recovery good, losses less, durability of supply on 
a longer basis. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, it would have an impact on the recovery whatever little bit it has? 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Definitely, positive recovery in fact by not getting into the May month and lower 
losses. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I was just wondering basically because the capex is pretty significant, so what kind 
of a kind of return we always see on that kind of investment we made in this Company 
on the sugar side? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let me explain to you the rationale behind these big investments. So, these were old 
plants and milling tandems, etc., needed to be changed for durability and for higher 
efficiency and safety. With that, we added juice into Balrampur so it’s a well thought 
out measure. Obviously, such investments don’t yield a return in one year but I am 
very certain over the next 3 years from now we should have our investment in the 
bag. Beyond now, so total for four years. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
One question we have seen an impact on the sugar crop this year due to 
Maharashtra. If we see a continued impact this year El Nino if it happens is there a 
chance of the ethanol program getting derailed a little bit in terms of the Government 
procurement reducing, in which case we will not be able to meet our targets? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let's get the sequence very clear. If you produce below 280 lac tonnes, you have a 
problem. When your ethanol diversion and your production is net of the diversion. 
So this year, even a bad year, you produced almost 330 lakh quintals, your gross 
was 370 lac tonnes. So, if next year your gross is even 300 lac tonnes, they are 
encouraging it. Now the exports will not be allowed to that extent. Domestic 
production net of ethanol should be equal to what is required for consumption, the 
program never gets derailed and I don't think that's even in the horizon anywhere. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, the Government will use export tool more as kind of balancing factors is that 
what you saying? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I can explain to you if you hear me properly please. Production is net of ethanol, what 
this figure you've seen 330 lakh tonnes is net of ethanol. So obviously the production 
is recorded net ethanol so net of ethanol production has to be above 280 lakh tonnes. 
So that is your sugar availability to feed the country. If that is over and above 280 
and your closing stock is 6 million tonnes, export will be allowed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Management for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more 
about us, please feel free to contact us. I once again thank you for taking the time to 
join us on this call. Thanks. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
