              
 
           
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Central Office 
 CO:IRD:2023:24:184            
                                                                     21st July, 2023 
 
 
Madam/Dear Sir, 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,  
          2015 -Transcript of Bank's Conference/Earnings call with the Analysts 
************************ 
We enclosed herewith transcript of Conference/Earnings call hosted by Bank with the Analysts on                    
17th July, 2023 on Financial Results of the Bank for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2023. 
The same is also being made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link:  
https://www.centralbankofindia.co.in/sites/default/files/central%20bank%20of%20india%201qfy24
%20concall%20transcript%2030062023.pdf 
This information is furnished in terms of Regulation 46(2)(oa) and Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
 
CHANDRAKANT BHAGWAT 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl – A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
चंदर मुखी,नरीमन पॉइंट,मुंबई-400 021                                                दूरभाष/Tel: 022- 66387777                                       
Chander Mukhi, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021                         ईमेल/Email ID: smird@centralbank.co.in 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
     
Plot No.C/1, ‘G’ Block 
 
   
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
 
 
   
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol – CENTRALBK 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code – 532885 
                www.centralbankofindia.co.in 
CHANDRAKANT C 
BHAGWAT
Digitally signed by 
CHANDRAKANT C BHAGWAT 
Date: 2023.07.21 15:58:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
“Central Bank of India 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M.V. RAO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. VIVEK WAHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – CENTRAL 
BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. M V MURALI KRISHNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MR. MUKUL DANDIGE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Central Bank of India Q1 FY „24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Thank you, Aman. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking 
Limited, I welcome you all to the Central Bank of India Q1 FY „24 Earnings 
Conference Call. And I thank the management for providing this opportunity to host a 
call. From the senior management side, today we have with us Mr. M. V. Rao, MD 
and CEO, Mr. Vivek Wahi, Executive Director, Mr. M. V. Murali Krishna, Executive 
Director, and Mr. Mukul Dandige, Chief Financial Officer. 
So now without further delay I hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks 
post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you sir. 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes thank you and good afternoon to all the participants. And let me thank 
wholeheartedly for your time investing in our analysis part. I will give the brief 
highlights of our performance for this June quarter. And detailed financial presentation 
will be done by our CFO. Coming to the highlights, let me share the happy news that 
this is the ninth straight quarter where banks have recorded the net profit, and this net 
profit has jumped by 77.87%. Now, it stands at INR418 crores, compared with June 
„22 amount of INR 235 crores. 
And coming to the gross NPA which was 14.90% now it has come down to 4.95%. So 
net NPA stands at 1.75% and then provision coverage ratio now stands at 92.23% 
and operating profit grew by 50.53% now stands at INR1,838 crores. Net interest 
income, NII, increased by 48% now at INR 3,176 crores. NIM improved to 3.62%, 
showing a growth of 74 bps and return on assets, there is an improvement of 16 basis 
points, now stands at 0.43%.  Return on equity is 1.63% vis-a-vis 0.98% of financial 
year '22. And CRAR that Capital Risk Asset Ratio has improved to 14.42%. 
Coming to the other ratios, like yield on advances, now it stands at 8.29%, which is 
195 basis points higher than the previous June '22, which was at 6.34%. And the yield 
on investments is at 6.50%, which is 37 basis points more than the previous June „22. 
Cost of funds slightly increased because of the increase in the rate of interest in all the 
deposits. Now it stands at 4.42%. 
Cost of deposit is okay. Coming to the NIM, now it stands at 3.62%, which is 74 basis 
points more than the June „22, which was at 2.88%. And coming to the credit cost, 
now it stands at 0.45. And in the previous June „22, it was 1.78%. Coming to the ROA, 
already I told you it is at 0.43%. These are all the financial highlights and regarding 
the details, anyhow we have uploaded our presentation in the website, probably you 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
must have gone through, but anyhow our CFO will explain with little bit details. Thank 
you. 
Mukul Dandige: 
So, the total interest income has improved by 30.75% on a Y-o-Y basis and it stands 
at INR 7,225 crores. The total interest expenses have gone up by 19.65% at INR 
4,049 crores and in net interest income as MD sir said it has registered an increase of 
48.27% and it stands at INR3,176 crores now. The operating profit which is a 
significant part has improved by 50.53% and it stands at INR1,838 crores and the net 
profit improved by INR77.87 crores and it stands at INR418 crores as compared to 
INR235 crores for the June 22  quarter . 
The fee-based income has remained more or less the same at INR401 crores 
compared to INR406 crores for the previous quarter. The major part of fee-based 
income is our service charges which is at INR276 crores, the treasury income which is 
at INR282 crores. Then the expenses part, if we come to the interest, expenses have 
moved to INR4,049 crores registering an increase of 19.65% and the interest paid on 
deposits which is the major component has registered an increase of 20.07% and it is 
at INR3,930 crores. 
The operating expenses have increased by 31.11% at INR2,297 crores. Major portion 
of that is the staff cost, which is now at INR1,490 crores registering an increase of 
31.98%. As far as the provisions and contingencies is concerned, the provision made 
for NPAs is INR244 crores which is lower by 70.39% on a Y-o-Y basis. The standard 
asset provision has increased to INR632 crores from a write-back of INR38 crores. 
The tax outgo has increased to INR607 crores compared to INR73 crores during the 
same period last financial year. So the total provisions are at INR1,420 crores. The 
asset quality as I mentioned, the gross NPA has moved from 14.90% to 4.95% and 
the net NPA has moved from 3.93% to 1.75%. In absolute terms also the net NPA 
amount has come down from INR6,785 crores to INR3,718 crores. 
If we see the sector-wise NPA, there also there is substantial improvement during this 
quarter and the net NPA in total net NPA is 1.75% with retail at 0.74%, agriculture and 
allied at 4.58, MSME at 3.13 and the corporate and others at 0.38%. The capital 
adequacy ratio is at 14.42% compared to 13.33% in June „22, wherein the CET has 
improved from 11.41% to 12.13% now. And similarly, the leverage ratio has improved 
from 4.32% to 4.94%. This is after reckoning the net present value of the 
recapitalization bonds which the government of India has issued. 
Thereafter, the business performance if we see, the special mention accounts,  above 
INR5 crores book, the outstanding was at INR1,200 crores in June „22. That has gone 
up to INR2,750 crores in June 23 because of one major account under corporate 
category where it has come under stress. 
Thereafter, if we see the business performance, our total business has improved by 
8.55% and stands at INR5,83,261 crores. The deposits have shown an improvement 
of 6.05% and stand at INR3,63,398 crores. CASA grew at 3.17% and has crossed 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
INR1,80,000 crores mark. And the total advances growth was 12.95% and the total 
advances stand at INR2,19,863 crores. 
RAM, which constitutes almost 66% of our total advances, has grown by 13.15% and 
it stands at INR1,44,477 crores. Within deposits, the total constitution is current has 
slightly de-grown by 2.76%, savings has grown by 3.81% and the core time deposits 
have grown by 9.07%. The retail, which is one of the focus areas of the bank, has 
grown at 17.11%. MSME has grown at 15.46% and agriculture has grown at 5.51%. 
So that comprises, I mean that constitutes the total growth in advances at 12.95%. 
The credit risk-weighted assets also have remained more or less the same and we 
continue to be under 65% of credit risk-weighted assets to total gross advances ratio. 
The bank has got a very diversified loan book with risks spread across various 
sectors, housing loan, auto, personal loan and education loan comprising the total 
retail book of INR63,641 crores. Agriculture comprises INR40,812 crores which is19% 
of the book. MSME is INR40,024 crores, which is 18% of the book and corporate 
credit is INR75,386 crores, which is roughly about 34% of the total book. 
The total composition of the retail book is home loan constitutes almost 62% of our 
total retail portfolio and the growth in home loan was 24.37%. Auto loan is 5%, 
roughly, of the total loan book. The growth was 2.65%. Education loan, we have done 
a lot of education loan for the elite institutions of IITs and IIMs and the growth there 
was 8.04%. The personal loan segment, because of a very low base, has shown a 
good improvement now at 26.70% and it constitutes only 5.96% of the total retail 
advances. 
Rated standard advances, as the bank has got a policy of, I mean, because of the 
advantage in CASA that we are enjoying, so we have that luxury of getting good rated 
corporate accounts. So we have continued that journey and AAA, AA and A rated 
advances have shown an increase in the total rated advances book. Out of INR78,094 
crores worth of eligible accounts and rated accounts, INR66,423 crores comprises of 
BBB and above rated books. 
The sanctions and disbursements under normal and also co-lending have shown a 
very good uptick and our co-lending book where we had the first mover advantage, 
we still continue to hold on to that advantage and the co-lending book has touched 
INR7,178.50 crores as of 30 June,2023. We have achieved all the mandated targets 
under the priority sector and not only achieved, we have surpassed those targets. 
As far as the other important ratios are concerned, the provision coverage ratio is at 
92.23%. Our net interest margin as MD sir has told it is at 3.62% for the current 
financial year this current quarter. So those were the other highlights of our 
performance. 
Now I  request for any of the questions. We are open for the questions. Investment 
book, because it comprises almost INR1,43,500 crores of our book, so investment 
book has remained almost same, but it is very-very well spread out and government 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
securities are at INR1,06,125 crores, the debentures and bonds are at INR31,009 
crores and the others are at INR2,819 crores. If we see the yield on investment has 
shown an uptick at 6.50% and the yield on investment if we include the trading profit it 
has crossed 6.81%. All this keeping the M duration under check at 1.93%, whereas 
the 10-year benchmark yield is at 7.11%. 
I will also tell you about the distribution across HTM, AFS and HFT of the Treasury 
book. So under HTM we have almost 74.05% of the total book at INR104712 crores. 
AFS is INR36,431 crores at 25.76% and held for trading is only INR261 crores. This 
was June „22. Vis-a-vis if we see now in June „23, out of INR1,43,500 crores, the HTM 
book is INR1,06,097 crores, which is almost 74%. AFS book is 25.73% at INR36,924 
crores and HFT is INR479 crores, which is 0.33% only. 
The modified duration if you see during this financial, I mean, comparable period, now 
that modified duration stands at 1.93% and the modified duration only for the SLR 
portfolio is also at 1.62% only. 
That is all I had to say. Now we are open for any questions that analysts may be 
having. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. The first 
question is in the line of Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global Services Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Before I start, let me congratulate Mr. Mukul 
Dandige for having his name having been cleared to be appointed as the Executive 
Director. Compliments to you, sir. And compliments to Mr. Rao and the entire team for 
a very good set of numbers. If you compare the numbers with the corresponding 
figures, because in the last one year also the bank has really performed very well. 
Having said that, on this particular quarter, on the June quarter, sir, I have got certain 
observations and some questions and some few clarifications. One is that our, we 
have done a major write-off in this quarter, in fact, of a huge amount of almost about 
INR8,000 crores, against INR9,500 crores of the entire year last year. So one was the 
strategy and the, I mean, what is the planning went  behind it and what is the reason? 
Of course, it's a very good thing that we have come, our gross NPA has come below 
5% for the first time after so many years. 
Secondly, on net advances, I'm talking mainly on the quarter, sequential. I have gone 
up to INR2,12,690 crores, against INR202984 crores. So about, almost about 
INR10,000 crores or INR9,500 crores increase, increment in the net advances. Where 
has this come from? I mean, in which sector. And again, if you can give some color on 
that. 
And third thing is on the HMA book for this quarter. I think, the book has gone a little 
bit deteriorated, if you compare with the last quarter. You know, above INR5 crores, it 
has gone up to INR2,750 crores. And in fact, SMA2 has gone up to INR180 crores 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
against INR40 crores only. Similarly, below INR5 crores, it has gone to INR3,581 
crores, against only INR267 crores. And if you check these, here also the SMA2 I'm 
talking about mainly. SMA1 of course has come down, but what about SMA0, SMA2, 
and overall. So what do you read in it? I mean, are there more delinquencies? What is 
the future? I mean, coming in the coming quarter, what are we going to see? Are we 
going to see some pressure on that? 
And other one is on the income front. We have done well on the profit before tax, 
INR1,025 crores, as compared to INR903 crores in the last quarter, but because of 
the higher tax provision of INR606 crores, against INR332 crores, so this INR606 
crores on a profit of, I mean, is there any other element other than the direct tax and 
whether the tax is payable or the DTA is, all those adjustments are taken care of. So 
net amount payable is maybe less or something. So on the tax front, if you can just 
highlight, I have got a couple of more questions also on the investment book, but then 
I'll come later once you please give the answers to this question. Thank you. 
Management: 
Mukul, give the clarification on the tax issue. 
Mukul Dandige: 
Tax part, sir, I can clear. If you see, sir, the provisions majorly have gone up on 
standard assets, where I do not create any DTA. So because of that, the tax outgo 
has been there. So that is why it appears that the effective tax rate is almost like 69%. 
So because on standard asset also, I have to create I mean, tax outgo will be there at 
34.599%. INR632 crores, that provision is made on the standard asset. Right, 
standard asset which we provisioned, we do not create any DTA. 
M. V. Rao: 
And Ajmera, sir, regarding this SMA account, your observation was very much in the 
right perspective. Just I would like to give the clarification. This is the bank where we 
give the entire SMA book that gives the above INR5 crores and below INR5 crores put 
together. It is not just above INR5 crores we give. It is the entire SMA book we provide 
to all our investors because to maintain the transparency and to have a clear insights 
of the SME. Having said that, regarding the above INR5 crores, there is an increase 
that you what you observed. It is just because of one big account of the aviation 
industry that has come into the SMA 0. 
Ashok Ajmera:  
Go Air? 
M. V. Rao: 
I do not want to give the name that what you are saying must be in the similar line, 
Okay. Because of one account that has gone up above INR5 crores, we have enough 
buffers in that, which we have given to stock  exchanges when this item came up in 
the newspapers just two and a half months. And coming to the up to INR5 crores, 
there is an increase. In that increase also, when we have analysed, the majority is 
from the GECL book. Actually, when we have seen the GECL, total sanctions what we 
have in the GECL is around INR6,900 crores and right now outstanding is only 
INR2,932 crores in which total SMA book in this GECL is INR1,257 crores. 
So this is the actual SMA granularity part, where that spurt is there in the up to INR5 
crores bracket. This is the SMA analysis and to give the confidence to all my 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
participants here, let me make it clear that, our slippage ratio is 0.53% and going 
forward also, we have the full grip on the regularization of these accounts. Even if 
something extreme happens, because GECL book is completely protected in terms of 
the coverage, guarantee coverage that is available, but this is not the point for 
complacency for the bank, but recovery efforts will continue. 
And our endeavour at that point of time is to ensure that, these units starts working 
and they continue to work. If something happens, it comes into NPA that recovery 
measures will continue. This is a limited submission, if something extra the details 
required, we are ready to provide. Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, on the credit terms, the net advance has increased by INR9,706 crores. That was 
my first question. What is the component of that segment? 
Mukul Dandige: 
Ajmera, sir, in retail advances, if you see, retail there is a growth of 17.11%, MSME 
there is a growth of 15.46%, and agriculture there is a growth of 5.51% corporate has 
grown by 12.58%. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I am talking only for this quarter, sir. Sir, main growth, in net advances which is 
INR2,12,690 crores versus INR2,02,984 crores, where has this come from, which 
segments and where? 
Mukul Dandige: 
See, net advances basically, sir, because of the technical write-off also, because the 
provision held in earlier quarter was comparatively higher. So the net advance was 
comparatively lower. Now this time around because of this technical write-off of 
INR7,804,crore the net advances have increased. 
M. V. Rao: 
 
You want the details of this INR9,800 crores? What you want? 
Ashok Ajmera: 
What point I'm deriving is that, in this quarter, the advance is then in that case, real 
advance real credit is mute maybe 0.5% or 0.6%, isn't it? 
M. V. Rao: 
No, it is reverse, sir. Actually whatever the increase that you are seeing from March to 
June, add the technical write-off also to that,. the actual increase in advances will 
cross the 16% to 17%. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So that's what, only I'm saying, sir, that if it is a real credit in this quarter, where has it 
come from? 
M. V. Rao: 
You want the retail, how much disbursement and sanctions done in this quarter? Yes, 
we will give you the details. 
Ashok Ajmera:  
Because it is net to net. 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, we understand.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
The gross I can understand, because of the technical write off. That is what I was 
going to say Anyway, sir, I will pass this question. I will take it offline. Then my 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
question is on, sir, another one is on co-lending. Co-lending, we have performed very 
well. And our book is now more than INR7,700 crores. Can you give some color on 
that, sir? What kind of yield are we getting? What is the slippage or NPAs situation 
there? Is there any particular problem in some of the accounts or some places? 
M. V. Rao: 
Let me tell you, sir. In co-lending, we have the total outstanding of INR7,178 crores. In 
this, SMA is around INR218 crores. And actual NPA, what has slipped is INR2.79 
crores. It comes into decimals only. I cannot put it in percentage because out of 
INR7,178 crores, it is only a fraction that has gone into the NPA and a very small 
amount less than 1% will be under total SMA. 
Ashok Ajmera:  
That is greatly commendable, sir.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Ajmera. Sorry to interrupt you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, congratulations to Central Bank team for a very sustainable result and very growth 
oriented outlook for the year on the guidance side. Sir, my first question, I'll take it 
from Mr. Ajmera, where he left. You've done remarkably well, where co-lending is 
concerned on INR7,000 crores. Can you just break up, what sectors is it more on 
housing or MSME or what is it starting with? 
M. V. Rao: 
Maximum is in housing and in that, it constitutes around INR4,600 crores and followed 
by the MSME, it is INR2,552 crores. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, seeing our book at INR39,000 crores on housing currently and where our MCLR 
stands, do you foresee that, our net advances on the annual basis in FY „24, almost 
25% of our advances or almost nearing 27% to 30% will be housing loans in the 
book? 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, it should be in a similar way. See, one thing, sir, what we are doing here is 
consciously, we are maintaining the balance of 65%, 35%.  I'm explaining this 65%, 
and 35% part. Even in that 65% RAM segment, retail, agriculture, MSME, almost it 
contributes 30%. Another 30%, remaining is 40%. So in that similar proportion, 
whatever the disbursement we are making, we are consciously seeing that, growth 
should be in such a way that, this broader ratio should not get disturbed. In that way, 
we are acting. And coming to the nitty-gritties of exact housing, your observation will 
be right, that we will be reaching a growth of 25% to 27% in housing. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My next question is more on treasury outlook. Mr. Wahi last year had forecasted very 
well and we were the first of the block among all the banks, whether it was private or 
public on forecasting. What's the outlook of the bank and Mr. Wahi on the quarter and 
the year to come by on treasury? 
Vivek Wahi: 
See, treasury forecast more or less continues to hold, what I had expressed in the 
quarter of March. There could be a minuscule rate hike possible in Indian tax. In US 
economy, of course, we are eyeing at least one or two hikes but almost Indian bond 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
market again 7.25% continues to be a top-ish level. Presently, it is 7.10%. So from Q4 
or now of course, it is a dynamic situation. From Q4, we are seeing some reduction in 
the duration as well as we also, that is why, we are building a little bit on our duration 
book also. So this is our forecast and we are still holding on to that. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, couple of questions I'm combining. One is what is outstanding sanction limit? 
Second thing what's the outlook on subsidiaries I see a great profit achieved in all the 
Grameen Bank and some of the subsidiaries. And third is, do you estimate our 
advances growth much higher than the system because based on our CASA 
matching advances, we have much higher and better potential on a sustainable CASA 
to garner at least retail advances higher than the system? 
M. V. Rao: 
Sir, as far as growth in the advances, we will be very, very conscious. We will never 
put the accelerator on that, never be aggressive. Having said that, since our CD ratio 
is 60%, and to achieve a reasonable bottom line we should reach at 70%. But 
whatever forecast we have given for the March „24 will be, we will be reaching around 
66% to 67%. So, in the similar way our activity will be there. 
Sushil Choksey: 
But will it led by retail or it will be led corporate 
M. V. Rao: 
65-35 that's what I am saying because my bigger picture always remains the same on 
the credit books. So, whatever the percentage that is required accordingly we will 
tweak and we will accelerate our activities in that particular direction.  
Sushil Choksey: 
The brand, Central Bank is attracting a lot on RAM and specifically on retail and 
including co-lending, so that was the question pertaining to that? 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, before too many questions come on the airline accounts, how much of provision 
and assets we have as security, I understand that there is not going to be any liability 
on the bank where this account on provisions are required, I mean provisions may be 
required, but NPA is not likely to happen in absolute terms? 
M. V. Rao: 
See, in absolute terms almost we are holding 67% of the provisions. So, we are not 
much worried on this account because we have already built up the enough buffers 
for the extreme scenario.  
Sushil Choksey: 
But is my understanding right that we hold sufficient assets where other than the 
airline in terms of guarantee, personal guarantee and others to back the loan program 
which we have originated for the…  
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, I think in the entire industry this is the account where we have good collaterals. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, on the subsidiary you didn't answer the profitability aspect? 
M. V. Rao: 
Just a minute subsidiary both are profit making. Both the RRBs are profit making. 
What is that specifically you want on the RRBs?  

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Sushil Choksey: 
Is the profit sustainable because that can add to...  
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, it is sustainable because these two RRBs already they have presented to us 
three year roadmap for their turnaround and already one year is over and they are on 
the same track. And wherever any support  is required our bank is also providing 
handholding for them. So, they are on track and they are showing the profits and 
whatever the liabilities that were there regarding the pension liabilities as per the 
Supreme Court that is also fully provided for. Now there is no amortization or anything 
in that book.  
Sushil Choksey: 
So, our share of profit based on the numbers provided is sustainable for the year, 
that's what you assume?  
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, correct.  
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, my last question on the government holding. I think we've reached a state that we 
may be taking a little positive flight on the much faster than the system. What is your 
outlook on the holding patterns?  
M. V. Rao: 
That is, let me not divulge the things which right now under discussion with the 
government. Let us wait for some more time.  
Moderator: 
Mr. Choksey, may I request you to join the queue for any follow-up as we have 
several participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Drashti 
from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. It seems as there is no response 
from the current participants. Hence, we will move to the next question that is from the 
line of Akash Jain from Ajcon Global Services Limited. Please go ahead.  
Akash Jain: 
Congratulations, sir, on a good set of number. My question pertains on the outlook on 
credit cost. What is the outlook for the credit cost for FY „24 and what is the recovery 
target from return of accounts? 
M. V. Rao: 
As far as the credit cost for the FY „24 is below one, that is the guidance we have 
given and we will continue to hold on to that.  
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And with cost to income ratio also going down right now the ROE is at a 
subdued level, so what is our expectation in terms of improvement in ROE?  
Mukul Dandige: 
See, the ROE last time -- last financial year the ROE was at 6.42%. So, we expect 
that this time around it should be in the range of 7% to 8% minimum.  
Akash Jain: 
Okay. And target for recovery from written-off accounts?  
M. V. Rao: 
See, written-off accounts, let me tell you, major chunk of written-off that is what I'm 
saying is a technical write-off. It is not the regular write-off. Regular write-off, it will be 
only a miniscule part that comes and whereas in the technical write-off, unless until 
there is some resolution whether if accounts are taken by the NARCL or some 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
resolution happens in the NCLT then we will have some kind of positive movement in 
the recovery. 
As far as March „23 earlier we had INR1,200 crores in this segment. Let us wait for 
the developments what is going to happen, because in the June quarter we had only 
INR190 crores till now. Unless and until major chunk,  accounts resolution happens, 
so we can't expect anything in this TWO accounts.  
Akash Jain: 
Okay., thank you, sir. That is all from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is a follow-up question from the line of Ashok Ajmera from 
Ajcon Global Services. Please go ahead.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes,. Sir, a little more dwelling on that airline account only, GoAir account only. Sir, I 
believe that our total exposure including fund-based, non-fund-based altogether is 
around, in the range of around INR2,000 crores. Now our provisions are also you said 
is sufficiently provided for 60%, -65%. But what is my question is that provision is one 
thing I mean which is an accounting things, but actually if something goes wrong, how 
much out of this INR2,000 crores our bank will be because Bank of Baroda is also 
there. They also got substantial exposure lesser than us? 
M. V. Rao: 
Let me give you the figure, sir. It is almost INR1,930 crores that is the total amount 
exposure, of which almost INR620 crores is guaranteed by the government under 
GECL. So, our actual exposure comes to INR1,400 and against which already we are 
holding around INR800 crores provision. And whatever the collateral we have, we are 
sufficiently secured and we are not seeing any type of haircut or loss even in the 
extreme situation. Having said this, let us be aware that this company is admitted 
under Section 10 of the IBC, not for the insolvency or bankruptcy purpose. 
It is as if to preserve and then to take up the operations once again. So, in this 
direction it got admitted and then necessary inspections that is also happening from 
the DGCA. And there is some positive movement in the arbitration, final arbitration at 
the Singapore arbitration also. So, in all possibility, we are optimistic as far as this 
particular company activities are concerned.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, thanks a lot sir, for giving a great insight. In fact, that gives a lot of comfort. And 
you are always very transparent and because this was one major account which 
suddenly came up like otherwise even our profitability and bottom line also would 
have been much better than because of this provision, it has affected the basic targets 
which we were making, . 
But anyway, my second question which I couldn't ask in the last time is on the overall 
treasury, of course, a little bit explanation has been given about the treasury book and 
the modified duration period. But just going forward with this, I think yield is around 
7.11% and our modified duration is 1.93% or 1.75% in some the thing and we have 
our comfortable AFS book and very small book for the sale. So, what is the future 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
outlook on treasury now going forward because our rates are almost stable here. In 
U.S., still some pain is there. So, considering that… 
M. V. Rao: 
Let me tell you, sir, our philosophy for our treasury is very simple. When we have 
seen our credit book and investment book the principle on which we are operating is, 
let us not have any losses from the treasury books and we don't expect profits also, 
we expect only reasonable return for the amounts what is being invested in my 
investment book.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
No, that's a very good especially in these times. It's a very good strategy which you 
are adopting and of course even the treasury income is also quarter-on-quarter is 
becoming good only as against INR128 crores this side treasury income was INR282 
crores. So, definitely, and thanks for giving your perspective on that. Having said that, 
sir, I just want to know the overall restructured book including the GECL and how 
much percentage, as per our experience we feel or we think can be slipped?  
M. V. Rao: 
See, total restructured book what we have is INR6,400 crores of which a standard 
restructured book is INR 4,400 Crores standard – this is all standard, COVID is INR 
4,447 Crores and in this what will be the slippage as you are concerned. We do not 
have much bifurcated issues except we capture them under the SMA accounts only 
because in this SMA we have the restructured book stressed accounts and also 
GECL stressed accounts also. So, SMA slide will give you the right picture rather than 
the slides if you see of the restructured book or GECL books because these are all 
the standalone slides. It is given just for the information for the analyst.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, so this SMA 0 above INR5 crores INR 1,773 crores versus INR 253 crores. So, 
out of that INR1,773 crores, how much is that airline, this quarter it is around about 
INR500 crores, INR700 crores, INR1,000 crores. How much is SMA 0 because I 
believe this airline account is only in SMA 0 only? 
M. V. Rao: 
See. It is almost INR1,300 crores airlines out of INR1,773 Crores 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Do you think now it will slip to SMA 1 and then SMA 2?  
M. V. Rao: 
Yes,  See, in the March quarter itself, we have cushioned foreseeing some type of 
stress in this.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
All right, sir. Thanks a lot, sir, for giving great insight into the bank operations and for 
the future guidance. I wish you all the very best, sir.  
M. V. Rao: 
Thank you very much.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Narendra: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to know if you could shed 
some light on the loan book growth for the year FY „24 and also NIM targets that you 
might have for the whole year? 
M. V. Rao: 
For the credit guidance what we have given is 14% for the FY 2023-2024 and 
definitely we will be reaching that you can take it as a floor level 14%. 
Narendra: 
So, there's a chance to improve that too, right? 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes there is a chance. 
Narendra: 
And the NIM? 
M. V. Rao: 
The NIM already previous year also we have given floor, we have given the three and 
we will continue to hold on to the three and over and above because of some of the 
things one of incomes also comes in between. But with the core operations, we 
always say we will be above three.  
Narendra: 
Okay,  Thank you so much. All the best.  
M. V. Rao: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rushil Dedhia from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead.  
Rushil Dedhia: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you, so on NIM decline for the quarter was high by 1,500 bps 
which was led by a sharp increase in the cost of the deposits, right? And there was 
also a fall on the yield side as well. So, what percentage of the deposit book on the 
bank is yet to be repriced and also what is your outlook on the NIM going forward?  
M. V. Rao: 
See as far as the NIM is concerned vis-a-vis cost of deposits. This is only if you 
exclude the one-off item there is a one basis point difference on the March 23 to June 
23. Why I am saying March 23 to June 23 instead of taking June 22 is, that is the lag 
effect that what we had on the rate increase in the advances and then subsequent 
increase in the deposit rates. 
The deposit rate effect comes after a lag. So having said this, this point, one basis 
point, that is the difference what we have in the NIM. But as far as our guidance goes, 
we always say that we will continue to be above the floor level of three that we are 
going to maintain. As far as the cost of deposit that increase, definitely in the market 
the way rates are being increased. 
Though, we do not have that much of necessity and also having a liquidity of almost 
INR35,000 crores to be in the market and protect our turf, we have increased our term 
deposits, that's why growth is around 8%. So, I think in the next nine months, this is 
going to stabilize in a similar way, and we are going to protect our NIMs the way 
guidance what we have given.  

 
Central Bank of India 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Okay, sir. Thank you.  
M. V. Rao: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now 
hand the conference back to the management for their closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you. 
M. V. Rao: 
Yes, thank you for all the arrangements, what you people have did for this conference. 
And I thank you all the participants for investing their time. And once again, I assure 
you that the bank is on the sound footing. And then whatever the guidance we are 
giving that we are sticking to that and we will continue to excel in the area. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking 
Limited, that concludes today's call Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
