 
 
Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2023/65 
 
May 31, 2023 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532923 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: RGL 
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir 
 
 
With reference to our letter Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2023/58 and Ref. No.: RGL/S&L/2023/57 dated May 
25, 2023; please find  enclosed herewith the transcripts of Q4 & FY23 Conference Call of the 
Company, held on May 29, 2023. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://renaissanceglobal.com/webcast-and-transcripts/ 
 
You are requested to take the above on record and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Renaissance Global Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CS Vishal Dhokar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Vishal 
Ashokrao 
Dhokar
Digitally signed by 
Vishal Ashokrao 
Dhokar 
Date: 2023.05.31 
14:17:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Renaissance Global Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 29, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Renaissance Global Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jenny Rose from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Jenny Rose: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Renaissance Global's Q4 
& FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Sumit Shah – Chairman & Global CEO and Mr. Hitesh 
Shah – Managing Director of the Company. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question & answer 
session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sumit to make his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sumit Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Renaissance Global, I extend a warm 
welcome and thank you all for joining us on our Earnings Conference Call for the 
Quarter and Year ended 31st March 2023. 
I will initiate the call by taking you through a brief overview of the Company's 
operational and business highlights for the period under review. Post that, Hitesh will 
give you a rundown of our financial performance, following which we will open the 
forum for the question & answer session. 
This fiscal year has been a challenging year for our industry with global challenges 
impacting demand in key markets. The Russia-Ukraine war, high inflation and 
recessionary trends in the US notably impacted the demand sentiment. Despite 
these challenges, we believe that we have reported a resilient performance and have 
concluded the year on a steady note on the back of the healthy performance of our 
core branded jewellery segment and improved contribution from the gold segment. 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Within the branded business, our high margin direct-to-consumer segment exhibited 
growth. We achieved annual sales of Rs.239 crore, which is an impressive 92% 
compounded annual growth over the last two years. The margin from the D2C 
division has also improved sequentially on account of the acquired engagement ring 
business having turned profitable. We are on track to restore our operating margins 
in this segment back to its historic levels. Overall during the year, our total income 
stood at Rs.2,243 crore up 1.5%. 
Our focus on direct-to-consumer operations within the branded jewellery sector 
remains a key growth driver for us. To strengthen our position in the global branded 
jewellery industry, we expanded our licensing portfolio by partnering with Marvel 
Disney Jewels and NFL in addition to our existing agreement with Enchanted Disney 
Fine Jewellery, Hallmark, and Star Wars. These strategic partnerships complement 
our direct-to-consumer branded business and support its growth. 
Furthermore, the integration of Four Mine was completed during the year. We're 
happy to state that within a few quarters we were able to successfully restructure the 
business and has started contributing to profitability from Q4. Accordingly, as 
mentioned earlier, we expect margins in the direct-to-consumer business to improve 
in the coming quarters. 
Four Mine has not only strengthened our foothold in the engagement ring and 
wedding band business, but also in the lab-grown diamond space. It has also brought 
about significant synergies across our other D2C segments. One such notable trend 
that we are seamlessly incorporating is a growing demand for customization. This 
trend has gained substantial momentum in the market with customers seeking 
unique and personalized pieces that reflect their individuality and style. 
By integrating customization options into other D2C segments, we are providing 
customers with an unparalleled freedom to create pieces that truly resonate with their 
preferences. This enables us to enhance their overall shopping experience and 
establish strong connections with our valued customers. Moreover, customization 
allows us to operate on a leaner working capital cycle. As customers participate in 
the design process, orders forecast personalized items are placed in advance 
enabling us to have a just-in-time production approach. By producing based on 
confirmed orders, we significantly reduce working capital tied up in inventory, 
improve cash flows and financial efficiency. This can be reflected in the improvement 
in FY23 free cash flow and net working capital levels as compared to one in FY22. 
Overall, we remain extremely bullish on the long-term potential of our direct-to-
consumer segment and in the next few years it starts strategic focus to make this 
one of our largest business verticals. 
Another noteworthy metric that I would like to bring to your notice in this regard is as 
a branded to studded ratio, which increased to 33% in Q4 from 24% in the same 
quarter last year. And on a yearly basis, it has increased to a 30% contribution as 
compared to 25% in FY22. 
In yet another key development, our India-focused retail brand IRASVA has 
successfully launched a new store at Banjara Hills, Hyderabad following the success 
of our Mumbai and Ahmedabad stores. Hyderabad shoppers can now indulge in 
luxury and lifestyle offerings at this new store designed with an open layout, modern 
facade displays and elegant jewellery showcases. This expansion comes after a 
turnaround of our existing stores and reflects our strategic approach expanding our 
direct retail presence in a calibrated manner. Moving forward, we aim to expand 
IRASVA's presence in key metros while embracing an omnichannel strategy 
enabling us to reach a wider audience. 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Also, we are glad to inform you that we have received the 49th Gem & Jewellery 
Award for the second largest exporter of studded precious metal jewellery and the 
largest exporter of silver jewellery from India, from the Gem and Jewellery Export 
Promotion Council that signifies our continued leadership in this market. 
All in all, I would like to say that despite temporary setbacks, the US and European 
markets maintain their status as dominant consumer markets on a global scale. So 
while the external environment remains uncertain in the near term, we are confident 
that our expertise in product design, distribution combined with our deep Industry 
insights, we will be able to capitalize on the long term growth prospects of the global 
jewellery industry. Our priority remains to expand our profitable branded jewellery 
and direct to consumer segments as we firmly believe that this focused approach will 
enable substantial values for all stakeholders in the foreseeable future. 
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Shah to discuss our 
Financial Performance during the quarter. Over to you, Hitesh. 
Hitesh Shah: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good afternoon everyone. As mentioned by Sumit, we have 
reported a resilient performance during the year gone by, supported by our branded 
jewellery segment with a solid contribution from our direct to consumer business. 
In Q4 of FY23, our total income stood at Rs.501 crore compared to Rs.536 crore in 
Q4 of FY22. While for the entire year FY23 total income grew by 1.5% at Rs.2,243 
crore compared to Rs.2,209 crore in FY22. 
Our branded jewellery sales in Q4 stood at Rs.147 crore, a growth of 23% year over 
year, of which our B2B segment revenue stood at Rs.81 crore. In Q4 & FY23, 
revenue share of studded jewellery stood at 89%. Of the total studded jewellery 
segment revenues in Q4 FY23 branded jewellery business contributed 33%, up from 
24% last year. 
During Q4, direct to consumer business posted revenues of Rs.66 crore compared 
to Rs.29 crore in Q4 of FY22, registering a growth of 125%. 
In FY23 the total revenues of our branded jewellery segment stood at 27%, of which 
the B2B segment was 16% and the balance was D2C segment. 
In FY23, the direct to consumer business revenue was up by 93% to Rs.239 crore 
compared to Rs.223 crore in FY22. Further, our two year direct to consumer revenue 
CAGR has surged to an impressive 92% with the year on year increase in our annual 
revenues for FY23 to Rs.239 crore, which is higher than the run rate of Rs.225 crore 
reported during Q3. 
I would like to highlight that while revenue growth for our plain gold segment came 
in at 44% for Q4 and 68% for FY23. The volumes were flat in Q4 of FY23 and was 
higher by 34% for the year ended 31st March 2023. 
On the profitability front, EBITDA stood at Rs.38 crore in Q4FY23 and for the full 
year it came in at Rs.168 crore translating into EBITDA margins of 7.6% and 7.5% 
respectively. 
In FY23, Branded jewellery business reported an EBITDA margin of 13.1% and the 
D2C business registered a 12.9% EBITDA margin. Given the high EBITDA margins 
in our D2C business and the increasing contribution of D2C revenues to our overall 
revenues, we anticipate a positive trend in our consolidated EBITDA margin in the 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
future. We expect our D2C operations to continue to drive profitability, resulting in 
sustained margin expansion. 
In Q4 FY23, PAT came in at Rs.19.7 crore versus Rs.21.4 crore in the corresponding 
period last year, while in FY23 PAT stood at Rs.87.3 crore against Rs.106.5 crore in 
FY22, registering a degrowth of 18%. 
Lastly, in terms of our balance sheet, our net debt-to-equity ratio stands at a healthy 
0.22 versus 0.30 as of last year. Our total net debt has reduced to Rs.223 crore as 
against Rs.280 crore in FY22 and our cash and bank balances and current 
investments stand at a healthy Rs.239 crore. 
To conclude, we have delivered a steady performance in a challenging environment. 
With a strong balance sheet position we should be able to navigate through these 
tough times and deliver much stronger results in the upcoming years. 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the 
line of Pawan Kumar from RatnaTraya Capital.  
Pawan Kumar: 
Sir, how much is the organic growth rate in the branded segment for this particular 
year? 
Sumit Shah: 
Sorry, can you clarify if the question was for the branded B2B or D2C segment? 
Pawan Kumar 
Both if you can share. 
Sumit Shah: 
We have not broken up the organic versus the inorganic growth part. But our growth 
for the year is about 20% or so. I would say that the organic growth would be in the 
low double digits because the new acquisition was just completed year one. So while 
I do not have specific numbers but the organic growth would be in low double digits. 
Pawan Kumar 
Can you just give us an idea of how the Marvel and Disney Jewels that you are 
launching compared to our existing brands? 
Sumit Shah: 
There is a trajectory of growth that takes place as we increase distribution and 
acquire customers online. So, usually the brands take a couple of years to mature 
and Marvel is obviously not yet live. We are working on the launch in Q3 of the current 
year. Disney Jewels is something that has just gone live. So the relative contribution 
of those brands would be small. 
Pawan Kumar 
Can you just help us understand what is the demand environment in our key market 
that is US? Because a lot of other industries have indicated that there is some kind 
of slowdown in demand. 
Sumit Shah: 
We are in a discretionary category and due to the high inflation environment, I mean, 
based on the results you are seeing that demand has definitely been impacted. I 
think that the degree of impact on demand varies based on the customer segment. 
So the feedback that we have received looking at the sales data is that the lower 
income customer or consumer has been impacted a lot more than the slightly more 
affluent customer. So it is while it is not fixed, the demand environment definitely 
remains challenging and it is a mixed bag depending on which segment of the final 
consumer that we are talking about. Having said that, we are seeing some 
stabilization in year over year numbers because inflation has remained elevated for 

 
Page 5 of 10 
 
a while. So we are cautiously optimistic that in FY24 based on these numbers we 
should be able to see some stabilization and moderate growth from these numbers. 
Pawan Kumar 
Since we have generated a fair amount of cash this year and we also have some 
cash on the books, what is the plan of the dividend policy or anything going for this? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think we've actually in the past year reduced gross debt by about Rs.100 crore. 
We had extremely strong cash flows during the year because of strong disciplined 
with our inventory. We have reduced inventories meaningfully by about Rs. 80 or 90 
crore and generated about 159 crore of free cash flow. We have used some of this 
money to repay the debt as interest rates have gone up, for our set of marginal rate 
it makes sense to reduce debt and bring the debt levels even lower than they have 
been. In the past year we have had a significant amount of capital expenditure due 
to us moving to a new facility in New York in order to fulfill some of our growth of our 
direct to consumer segments. And we have also done the acquisition of Four Mine 
Inc. So for the current year, considering the current demand environment, which we 
were a little bit tentative on, currently the board has decided to maintain the cash 
balances and relook at maybe a buyback or dividend a year from now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sumit, two-three questions from my end. So NFL and Netflix were likely to be 
launched in H2 FY23. So, if you could share anything on that front. how has been 
the traction that we have seen in these things towards the latter half of FY23? 
Sumit Shah: 
So we have launched both NFL and Netflix. On NFL we have seen a very positive 
response from the customers and we expect NFL to contribute to our revenues and 
profitability going forward. I think Netflix, we have not received a great response for 
the brand. So our expectation is that Netflix will not translate into a meaningful 
business. So I think it has been a mixed response. NFL has been extremely positive 
and it is something that we will continue to focus on to grow into a meaningful 
business. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
For how many months has ‘With Clarity’ included in FY23? 
Sumit Shah: 
FY23 Four Mine Inc. was for the whole year. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
For the whole year, so that Rs.60, 70 crore sort of. 
Sumit Shah: 
The acquisition was. completed in FY23 last year. That is right. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So that entire Rs.60, 70 crore whatever run rate is there would be there in FY23 
numbers? 
Sumit Shah: 
That's right. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And you talked about this reduction in inventory, which led to a sort of good amount 
of cash flows for us in this year. So I just want you to check is this reduction in 
inventory sustainable or it is the time being thing that since the demand environment 
is weak, so we are not sort of investing in the online inventory side? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think it is a sustained inventory reduction, as we are shifting our business to 
more capital efficient businesses. So our view is that going forward, the growth areas 
of the businesses, the working capital needs are significantly less than what they 
were in our traditional businesses. So our endeavor is going to essentially generate 
more cash flow than the net profit generated by the company by controlling our 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
working capital, which is primarily inventory significantly going forward. So, we feel 
that some of these benefits generated are sustainable and we plan to sort of continue 
to optimize inventory and improve the working capital day cycle for the business 
going forward. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
For branded business, I understand that demand has been weak. So just because 
from the last three quarters, if we see it has been on a declining trend. I am talking 
about the B2B part of the branded jewellery. So how should we see the trajectory 
going into FY24 for this part of the business particularly? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think the challenge, clearly with the US consumer facing the inflation headwinds, 
I mean, we are seeing a challenging demand environment. I think that at our end, 
we feel that we've got very robust brands which have strong consumer appeal. We 
are working with sort of our merchandising team to sort of work on innovation, fresh 
assortments, and new product launches to be able to kind of bring innovation and 
excitement back into the brands to grow it. But in overall demand environment, for 
the year has definitely been challenging and we've kind of maintained on the B2B 
side, the revenues at a similar level for the year, but it is definitely a challenging 
environment. The numbers will get lapped now and our sense is that in FY24 we 
should start to see some modest growth in all of the segments. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And from a quarterly perspective, just 1Q is the only quarter where base is high. So 
from 2Q, 3Q onwards we should start seeing growth or do you foresee these 
challenges to continue for some time? 
Sumit Shah: 
So our expectation is we are kind of working hard towards trying to create some 
innovation and excitement and as you pointed out, I think that the base effect 
becomes a lot easier from Q2 onwards. So it is a little bit early to say. I think we will 
be able to comment by July or August, so by the next earnings call, because I think 
that a significant part of the holiday orders would be in, so we should be able to 
provide a much clearer perspective on the numbers going forward. But I think the 
base effect should take place from Q2, which hopefully we should start growing from 
there. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
For D2C what is your outlook because the situation is exactly opposite, right, so we 
were getting some benefit from this acquisition and now going ahead into 2024, it is 
going to be opposite, so that base itself has become high now. So how should we 
see this part of the business now? 
Sumit Shah: 
Well, I think that the direct to consumer segment will benefit on two fronts. We see 
meaningful growth even in FY24 coming in the direct to consumer segment. Our 
expectation is growth will moderate from the 90% that we experienced this year, but 
our expectation would be 50%-plus growth for the current year as well. And we will 
see normalization of margins back to historic levels because currently in the direct 
to consumer segment, we have, two businesses which in the current year lost 
money, Four Mine Inc. as well as IRASVA business. Four Mine Inc. is now profitable. 
So we should start to see significant revenue growth in FY24 from the D2C segment 
along with the normalization of margins back to historic numbers. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So you are saying against that 12.5% margins that we have done this year and prior 
to that we were at 19%, 20% wo we should. Sort of move towards that in FY24? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think it maybe a two or three-year journey to get back to 19%, 20% because the 
Four Mine Inc business is lower profitability than the license brands D2C business. 
But we should gradually see a transition over the next two years or so back to the 18 
to 19% margins that we had last year. 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram Mehta from Sheth Capital.  
Vikram Mehta: 
First of all, the interest cost seems to have gone up while we have reduced debt, 
right. But if I see the P&L, the overall interest cost has gone up to almost Rs. 40 crore 
odd for the year. So on one side, we've a higher interest rate, but it just seems a little 
skewed. Any thoughts on that? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think that interest costs have more than doubled, right. So while we reduce debt 
by about Rs. 100 crore, I think that interest costs have gone from 4.5% to 5% to 8%. 
So while debt has gone down, interest costs have gone up because our 
arrangements are in U.S. dollars with about approximately 3% over Fed funds rate. 
Currently we are in the 8% to 8.5%, whereas a year ago we were likely to be sub-
five. 
Vikram Mehta: 
No because I am curious because on the other side we have almost Rs. 250-plus 
crore of cash. If you are seeing higher interest rates, why don't you just use that cash 
and pay down debt to a higher level? 
Sumit Shah: 
Which we have done in the current year and we plan to continue to do that. I think 
that you have to understand that we have around Rs.2,200 crore in annual revenue. 
So the monthly sales are around Rs.200 crore. And some amount of this money is 
in transit, which is not really free money sitting in our bank accounts. It is money 
being paid by our various subsidiaries and money that is required then for vendors 
to be paid. So while the absolute number is relative to our sales, some of it is money 
that is being used for operating purposes as well. But I think that your point is well 
taken that our interest costs have gone up meaningfully and we fully expect that we 
will use all free cash flow going forward to pay down debt meaningfully as the cost is 
now at 8% to 8.5%. 
Vikram Mehta: 
So I mean basically some of the money is not easily fungible as it is across countries 
and geographies, right? 
Sumit Shah: 
It is fungible, but it is required for operations of the company, right, because I mean 
we have vendor payments to make, we have manufacturing facilities where money 
has to be used. So while the absolute number sounds large as compared to our 
revenues it is under one month of sales. There is an amount of money being used 
for the operations of the company. 
Vikram Mehta: 
And secondly, I just wanted to know your 10 year vision for the company, in the 
sense that you see it as a B2C company 10 years from now. Is that the aspiration 
because clearly the B2B bit with all the working capital requirement, etc., does not 
really give very exciting ROE, right?  
Sumit Shah: 
So I think a great question and I think that is something that we keep our mind on 
sort of every single day in terms of where we are going and what the direction is. 
And if you look at sort of the investments that we've made over the last five years 
having gotten into the license brands business and then the custom engagement 
ring business, I think that our goal really is for the branded business and even within 
that the direct-to-consumer business to be the most significant part of our business 
over the next five and 10 years And within that the D2C segment there will really be 
three legs of growth. I think that there is the licensed brands, direct to consumer, 
there is a Four Mine Inc. business which we acquired and there is also IRASVA India 
which we are seeing now turn profitable at store level and we are very excited about 
growing sort of in a differentiated manner the diamond jewellery business in India as 
well. So I would expect that the branded business in the next three years will be at 
least 50% of our revenue, and over the next 10 years, the expectation would be to 
transition our company to 100% branded jewellery business. 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Vikram Mehta: 
So just one submission, just see how we can improve some liquidity in the stock, I 
guess as more investors come in maybe the liquidity will get better, but as of now, it 
seems to be very thinly created. So I do not know whether you have some thoughts 
on how to address that going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay 
Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
So what did I want to understand this strong profitability improvement in IRASVA? 
Firstly, wanted to understand if this brand competes with the likes of CaratLane, 
Bluestone, etc., is it in the similar segment? And secondly, what are your sort of 
expansion plans for IRASVA? And thirdly, will you also sort of explore franchising 
the expansion? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think that we are really excited about IRASVA business going forward. I think that 
we started the business actually six months pre-COVID and we lost a couple of years 
sort of in the business because it was very nascent. But we have a new CEO who 
joined in early 2021 and he is changed the product profile of the business to a slightly 
premium customer. So to answer your question, it does not really compete with 
CaratLane and Bluestone because their average unit retail is probably significantly 
less of course. I think IRASVA store experience is definitely a luxury premium store 
experience where the consumer actually sits down on a table and he is offered a 
very personalized shopping experience. We plan to open during the current year at 
least two more locations and based on the profitability and the ROE profile of the 
business in FY25 we will probably ramp up expansion of store locations for IRASVA. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So plain gold I guess was an area of less focus for us. But this segment has seen a 
very sort of strong growth at about 68% in FY23. You mentioned that this is partly 
because of the increase in gold prices I guess, but still what is your outlook for this 
part of the business as in how should we see the growth here going ahead? 
Sumit Shah: 
So I think the gold business, 67% is not really representative of the performance of 
the business because we bill all of our customers kind of on a net basis and there 
are a couple of customers where the agreement is sort of on a gross basis. So I think 
the right way to look at it would be on volumes and the volumes were up about 35% 
year over year for FY23 compared to FY22. Part of the reason why this business has 
performed well is because this business is actually primarily Middle East based. So 
we have manufacturing facilities in Dubai and customers also in the Middle East. 
This region is experiencing extremely strong growth and unlike the US, which is 
facing inflationary pressures, I think that Dubai has seen significant influx of tourists 
as well as people moving to Dubai. So the economic environment in the addressable 
market of the gold jewellery business has been favorable. Having said that, we do 
not expect the plain gold business. I think we generated about Rs.17 crore of EBITDA 
in FY23. Our expectation would be sort of not extremely high levels of growth from 
this profitability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Drasti Shah from Blue Lotus Capital Advisors 
LLP.  
Drasti Shah: 
I just wanted to understand how much portion of our revenue comes from lab-grown 
diamonds and what is the difference in profitability in terms of margins between lab-
grown diamonds and natural diamonds? 
Sumit Shah: 
I think lab-grown diamonds as of right now would be sub-10% of our current revenue, 
although they have grown meaningfully in this year compared to last year. The lab-
grown diamonds would be slightly more profitable than the company average. So it 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
is not a sort of meaningful number yet, but our expectation is this would be a very 
fast growing segment of our business going forward. 
Drasti Shah: 
I mean, can you like say the difference in terms of percentage as in 10% or like 5% 
difference in the margins in terms of lab-grown and natural diamonds? 
Sumit Shah: 
So on lab-grown diamonds, while initial margins may be 4% or 5% higher than the 
natural diamonds. There is also an inherent risk with lab-grown diamonds of 
declining prices. So I would say that on a net-net basis as of right now due to the 
significant decline in prices of lab-grown diamonds, I would not say it is significantly 
more profitable, I think the Increase in profitability will happen when prices stabilize. 
So in the last 12 months, the prices of lab-grown diamonds would probably have 
fallen by greater than 50%. So while the initial margin maybe better, I think one has 
to take slightly more pragmatic approach of this and be cautious with inventory 
valuations here as well, because there is definitely a price risk in lab-grown diamonds 
as compared to natural diamonds, natural diamonds have remained stable in price 
whereas lab-grown diamond prices would have declined by more than 50% in certain 
cases in past 12 months. 
Drasti Shah: 
Just to understand what causes so much of price volatility in this lab-grown 
diamonds? 
Sumit Shah: 
What causes the volatility is increased production. I mean, production is increasing 
at an exponential rate and the cost of manufacturing is going down, right because 
lab-grown diamonds have gone from, sub 5% to now about 25% of the demand of 
engagement rings in the US and production has increased exponentially. With 
increased production the cost of manufacturing is going down as well which has 
caused the prices of lab-grown diamonds to decrease dramatically. 
Drasti Shah: 
We expect this time the segment to go like, I mean the consumer experience is also 
like more and the market for the lab-grown diamonds is also increasing for you as a 
company also as a brand? 
Sumit Shah: 
Yes, yes, I think that clearly, lab-grown diamonds will become a very significant and 
meaningful part of any studded jewellery business worldwide. I mean, I think that this 
has been accepted by consumers and it is going to be a very important part of any 
jewellery retailer brand manufacturers sales. I think that currently there is significant 
price erosion happening on lab-grown diamonds due to which there is not sort of 
positive impact on profitability, but going forward, this is going to be a very meaningful 
part of the business and they should be more profitable than natural diamonds. 
Drasti Shah: 
So we can expect margin in the range of 15%, 20% when the lab-grown diamond 
becomes a significant part of our revenue, right? 
Sumit Shah: 
On lab-grown diamonds business, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavika Choudhary from Emkay Global.  
Bhavika Choudhary: 
So just wanted to know what is the pricing difference between lab grown diamonds 
and natural diamonds? 
Sumit Shah: 
So the majority of the lab grown purchases by consumers are in larger diamonds, I 
mean it varies by sizes, but broadly I would tell you that in the sizes that are popular, 
which is essentially 1 Carat where lab-grown diamonds have made meaningful dent. 
I would say that the price difference is between 70% to 80%. 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
That was the last question of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sumit Shah: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the annual conference call. Look forward to 
seeing you at the next conference call. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
