 
Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Corporate & Registered Office 
Dudhola Link Road, Dudhola, Distt. Palwal-121102, Haryana, India 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Office: Phone: +91-1275-280111 (50 Lines), Fax: +91-1275-280133, E-mail: works2@ace-cranes.com  
Mktg. H.Q.: 4th Floor, Pinnacle, Surajkund, Faridabad, NCR-121009, Phone: +91-129-4550000 (100 Lines), Fax: +91-129-4550022, Email: marketing@ace-
cranes.com Customer Care No.:1800 1800 004 (Toll Free), CIN: L74899HR1995PLC053860, Website: www.ace-cranes.com 
 
 
 
Date:  June 06, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing 
BSE Limited 
5th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 532762 
 
The Manager Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
CM Quote: ACE 
 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript Q4-FY23/FY23.   
   
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith, Earnings Call Transcript 
(Q4-FY23/FY23) of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the above in your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Action Construction Equipment Limited 
 
 
 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
ANIL 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by ANIL KUMAR 
Date: 2023.06.06 
10:42:41 +05'30'

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SORAB AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJAN LUTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 
MR. VYOM AGARWAL – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – 
ACTION CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT LIMITED 
 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VEDIKA SINGH – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Action Construction Equipment Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Vedika from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Vedika Singh: 
Thanks, Calvin. Good evening, everyone. I would first like to thank the management of Action 
Construction Equipment for giving Monarch Networth Capital the opportunity to host this call. 
We have with us the senior management of Action Construction. We have Mr. Sorab Agarwal, 
Executive Director; Mr. Rajan Luthra, CFO; and Mr. Vyom Agarwal, Senior Vice President. I 
will now hand it over to Sorab Sir for giving the opening remarks, post which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome, everybody, to this Earnings Conference Call 
for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended March '23. Along with me in today's earnings con call 
we have our CFO, Mr. Rajan Luthra, and our Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Vyom Agarwal. 
I hope all of you have had the opportunity to look at the company's financial statements and 
the earnings presentation which has been circulated and uploaded at the stock exchanges. 
This has been yet another year of strong and resilient performance by our company, and the 
results are a testimony to our clear and compelling strategy backed by the strength of our 
biggest assets, our people and our brand. We not only navigated the short-term challenges with 
agility, but also made progress on our long-term strategic priorities. Let me take you through 
some of the highlights of this fiscal to begin with. It gives me immense pleasure to report that 
we have crossed INR2,150 crores operational revenue mark in this fiscal and also recorded our 
highest-ever sales and profits in the quarter gone by. 
Our growth of 33% is significantly ahead of the market in our sector. Our EBITDA margins 
for the year expanded to 11.4% from 10% last year. And our EBITDA grew by 51.5% to 
INR247 crores on a standalone basis as against INR163 crores in the preceding year. We were 
able to increase our PBT by 58.4% from INR138 crores in FY '22 to INR220 crores in the last 
year. Similarly, our PAT also increased from INR106 crores to INR161 crores, thereby 
registering a growth of 52.2% in the last year. 
To brief you on the financial performance of the fourth quarter of last year, the operational 
revenue stood at INR613 crores for the quarter, which is up by 10.4% sequentially and grew 
by 20% as compared to the same quarter last year. Our company was able to expand the 
EBITDA margin to 13.2%, PBT margin to 12% and PAT margin to 8.5% in the last quarter. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
This was led by better product mix, improved price realizations, efficient cost control measures 
and softening of the commodity prices. 
The EBITDA and PBT for the quarter stood at about INR81 crores and INR73 crores, 
respectively. We continue to be a debt-free company with sufficient availability of liquidity for 
growth. The Board of Directors has recommended final dividend of 50%, that is INR1 per 
share for the year ended March '23. The Board has also proved to grant ESOPs to the 
employees. The ESOP program has been designed in a manner that employees are incentivized 
and their interests are aligned with those of the company's performance. 
Now moving on to segmental business performance. We have strengthened our role as a 
market leader in Indian crane industry. And with our consistent efforts, we have scaled the 
business to over INR1,525 crores in this fiscal. Last year, our cranes business has registered a 
strong growth of 38.4%. The growth was both in value and volume terms. Our number of 
cranes have increased from 5,328 in FY '22 to 6,584 in FY '23. In cranes segment, we have 
been able to grow our profits by 53% to INR195 crores, with a margin expansion to 12.77% 
versus 11.58% for the year before that. 
Our margins for quarter 4 stood at nearly 14%. Our cranes business is at its strongest in terms 
of size, scale, profitability capabilities and its impact on the nation's development. Further, we 
are very pleased with the growth momentum in the CE segment, wherein we have surpassed 
our projected growth. The segment has clocked a yearly growth of 42% with a revenue of 
approximately INR250 crores and increased margins at around 9.5% on a whole year basis 
versus a 5.3%. And our margins for quarter 4 FY '23 stood at 13.9%, owing to the operating 
results. The metal handling segment recorded revenue growth of 11.2% and stood at INR170 
crores, with margins at 12.33% as compared to 12% the year before. 
The agri division also registered growth in revenue of around 7%, but the margins came under 
pressure owing to inflationary impact during the year. We have also expanded our global 
footprint and increased our export sales by 90% year-on-year. The contribution of export sales 
have increased to 6.7% as compared to 4.7% the year before. Further, we expect that going 
forward, the export segment will contribute about 9% to 10% of the overall volumes -- overall 
revenues within this year, which is in line with our medium-term target of 15% to 20% 
contribution from exports. 
After 2 years of pandemic-led disruptions, FY '23 marked a return to normalcy in operations. 
However, geopolitical tensions and continued supply chain disruptions resulted in 
unprecedented inflation and volatility in commodity and energy prices. Central banks across 
the world responded swiftly with sharp increase in interest rates within a relatively short time 
frame. The Indian economy remained a bright spot in FY '23 amidst the global slowdown. 
Real GDP growth for the year is estimated at 7% against the backdrop of a challenging 
environment, operating environment, as I first stated, the company's customer centricity, 
agility in seizing market opportunities, focus on execution and proactive strategic intervention 
enabled it to post strong numbers, strong performance across all operating segments. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Our model is crafted in a manner that enables us on each business -- enables us to focus on 
each business while harnessing the diversity of portfolio to create unique sources of 
competitive advantage. Our strategic positioning in the core sectors of infrastructure, 
manufacturing, logistics and agri will provide necessary impetus to our growth trajectory. 
Looking ahead, India is one of the fastest-growing economies and its prospects remain very 
strong for the period ahead. The infrastructure growth story continues to play a significant role 
in the economic growth and will have its multiplier effect on the economy. We believe that 
going forward, the strong demand scenario should sustain itself, supported by government's 
unweaving focused on urban infra and rural development. The increased capital expenditure 
announced in the Union Budget 2023 will further aid this growth in FY '24. 
Going forward, in the current year, we expect a growth of at least 15% to 20% in our cranes, 
metal handling and agri portfolios. For the construction equipment segment, we are looking at 
accelerated growth rates of 30% to 35% on an increased pace. In terms of capacities, our 
cranes and metal handling segments are reaching their peak utilization levels. And in order to 
fuel further growth, we are currently incurring a capital expenditure of INR80 crores to INR90 
crores to enhance our capacity. The expansion will take shape from Q2 onwards and will 
enhance our installed capacity and will have a potential to propel us to reach a turnover level 
of INR3,800 crores to INR4,000 crores in the near future. 
On the whole, as a company, we are looking at a 15% to 20% growth in our top line for the 
current year, with further margin expansion of 100, 250 basis points. We hope we are in a 
position to revise these projections by end of second quarter, which will predominantly depend 
on the onset and intensity of the monsoons. Further, we remain optimistic about the medium- 
to long-term prospects of the company and remain focused to deliver on our growth agenda. 
We will continue to drive cost savings harder and take calibrated pricing actions while 
ensuring we protect and grow our markets. We believe that our building blocks are firmly in 
place and are on path of sustainable growth in all our segments where we operate, leading to 
expansion in top line, bottom line and the margin profile of the company. With this, I would 
like to open the call for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I'll just go ahead with my questions. The agriculture equipment has been on the downhill in 
terms of units for the last 3 years and market was strong. Can you elaborate on what happened 
and the way forward here? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
We are talking about -- I just missed the beginning, which segment? 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Agriculture equipment. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, we have been in a little doldrums here, as I had mentioned in the last call last quarter. 
And Vyom, I think you'll be able to clarify better here with respect to what really happened in 
the last quarter. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Vyom Agarwal: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon, Himanshu. And as we all know that the tractor industry has grown by 
around 10% in last fiscal, and we have been able to register a growth of 6% in this space. 
When we talk about numbers in Q4, our deliveries have been higher than our billings. That 
goes to show that our inventory with our channel partners at the end of Q4 is lesser as 
compared to the previous quarters. Currently, our inventory levels with our channel partners is 
close to 3 to 5 weeks only. And one of the reasons that we have been reducing our inventories 
is the migration from BS III norms to BS IV norms. 
So post July, the registration of the BS III tractor inventory will not be permissible. So we have 
to reduce the inventory at the channel level. Owing to that, the volumes which you are seeing 
has shown a little dip. However, going forward, the crop prices, which is the MSP, the 
monsoon and the water reservoir levels remain at normal levels, and we expect to experience a 
growth of around 10% to 15% in this segment in the current FY. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And I'll go on to my second question. Sir, on the material handling, last time we stated that we 
were having some issues, and that was the reason for low growth in that business. Can we now 
assume that we are back on track and can do more than FY '22 sales and numbers in this next 
year? Also, how has been our market penetration in that segment and the share of the market? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, market penetration has been very good. Our share is around 25%, 26%. And going 
forward, I think easily, in the current year, we're looking at a 15% to 20% growth here in 
numbers, if not more than that because we have overcome those plant as well as supply chain 
issues. And you see positive result of that even in the last quarter. Even on a sequential basis, 
we were able to increase 15%. And going forward in this whole year, I think we should easily 
be able to do out 15%, 20%. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, okay. And my last question is that, how has the backhoe loader done for us in FY '23 
versus FY '22? And in EBIT, is now EBIT is now at 10% of the construction business. Would 
we like to grow the share from here on? Or the margins will be the focus in the construction 
segment? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
I think I also mentioned in our last con call, on our quarterly results that as we start to go 
around INR250 crores and beyond that, our margins will start to fall in sync, similar to cranes. 
And if you look at the quarter 4 numbers of INR80 crores revenue, we have nearly touched 
14% EBITDA margin here as well. So and this is what I had mentioned earlier, that once we 
start to cross INR300 crores going towards INR350 crores on an annual basis, the margins 
would normalize to the crane levels, and we are already experiencing it. So hopefully, I think 
in the current year, yes, we will grow our business at least 30%, 35%. It can only be faster than 
that, that time will tell. But the margin profile is, I think, here to stay now. It can only increase 
from here. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Harshh Saraswat from Elegant Family Office. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Congratulations on great year. My first question would be, how does ACE prices in a 
comparable product compared to companies like JCB, Sansui and other MNC players? Is there 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
a price differential which benefits us also other than having service centers across the country 
and all? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, depends from product to product. I mean backhoes is one category where obviously JCB 
is the market leader. There are 7, 8 players. And cranes are there where we primarily compete 
with Escorts Kubota, and tower cranes with Potain. So here I would say that if we especially 
talk of backhoes, we are definitely better priced than JCB. And so are the other players as well, 
leaving aside 1 or 2 like Caterpillar. All of them are positioned at 10%, 12% lower than JCB. 
So we are also pretty similar there. 
With respect to cranes, we are more or less similar in most of the sales with respect to our 
competition. But yes, there are ups and downs depending on the customer profile or the size of 
the orders and also depends on our competition, how much we are willing to play with respect 
to gaining the market. So we have to maintain that balance of market share as well. 
Forklifts again, I would say that the main players are Godrej and Voltas and also Toyota to 
some extent. And Toyota is definitely slightly higher priced than all of us. And the Voltas, 
Godrej and us guys we are nearly similar bracketed with respect to price as of now. So a little 
here and there depending on models, depending on customers. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. And another question was how does import work in this segment? Like 
can you import a whole crane or it is broken up and assembled here in India? And what are the 
import duties on this? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, if I talk of backhoe loaders, India is perhaps, I think, the world's largest producer of 
backhoe loaders. So there are practically no imports. And something even with respect to road 
machinery, very few units here and there, sizes and things which are not made in India might 
be getting imported. But most of the global players are also present in India. And India is 
producing its own road machinery as guys that are competitors. 
If I talk of pick-and-carry cranes, we are the world's largest producer of pick-and-carry cranes. 
So we only export some of them from India. And going forward, those numbers are only going 
to increase. So there is nothing to worry about with respect to imports. But when I talk of 
cranes as a whole, see, pick-and-carry is the biggest chunk player. 
But then again, tower cranes are there where we are market leaders. And here we do get some 
Chinese imports. Very few European, I would say, especially in a very high tonnage or a very 
sensitive type of model, which is not made in India. For crawler cranes and truck cranes, which 
is a growing -- which has been a growing segment within the crane segments in the last, I 
would say, 10 years, 8 years, but especially in the last 4 or 5 years, yes, there a lot of imports 
happen from the Chinese. 
And to be very frank at ridiculous prices and ridiculous payment terms. So the capex we are 
doing is currently to enhance our capacity in these crawler cranes and truck trains, which is the 
higher tonnage cranes. The quantities comparatively are much lower as compared to pick-and-
carry cranes. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
But yes, India is moving towards high tonnage cranes because so much construction, elevated 
construction is happening, all the metros and the bullet trains and the flyovers. So, yes, we 
need bigger cranes. And we are increasing our capacity there. So yes, but the bigger cranes, 
currency, yes, the imports are dominating. But the numbers are miniscule as compared to pick-
and-carry cranes. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Got it. Got it. So also on the export side, when you say that we will take our revenue to 10% of 
the total revenue of export revenues, how do we compete against these Chinese players in the 
international markets like on the prices and all? What do we tell the customers that we are 
giving more that they buy from us? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
See, like I mentioned, the Chinese players are dominant only in the crawler cranes and the 
truck crane segment which even we are evolving in the country as of now. So we are rather 
focusing on our strength, let's say, pick-and-carry cranes. We are the largest producer in the 
world. And India is the largest pick-and-carry producing country. India is one of the largest 
backhoe producing countries in the world. 
And especially a product like backhoe has, the product is well-established in more or less all 
the countries. So we are focusing more on products with our company or our country as a 
strength with respect to the product. As of now, we are not at all trying to compete in the 
crawler crane or the truck crane segments because here the market size is smaller. 
The ticket size is big, but the market size is small. And we still have to create our strength 
there. I mean we have strengths. We want to increase those strengths in the country to be able 
to compete effectively with the Chinese. So like I said, we are focusing on backhoes. We are 
focusing on pick-and-carry cranes. We are focusing on some higher horsepower tractors, 80-, 
90-horse-power tractors with respect to exports, where India is really good at. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Devesh Kasliwal from Antique Stock Broking. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand the overall market size, 
the addressable market share that we have in the crane segment as well as in the forklift 
segment. And how has it grown over the past 2 years? And what are we expecting the industry 
growth to be in the coming 2 to 3 years, given by the overall industrial activities that are going 
on? What is the expected growth rate in the industry as such? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
If you look at cranes, pick-and-carry cranes because in our cranes segment we report numbers 
for our pick-and-carry cranes, tower cranes and also crawler cranes truck cranes. But there I 
will say that crane segment has been -- pick-and-carry segment has been growing at a good 
rate about 20%, 25%. Tower cranes even faster than that, about, I would say, maybe 35%, 
40%. And something similar for the bigger cranes where obviously we are building our 
capacities now to bring Indian products into the market. 
And going forward, I think at least similar momentum should sustain looking at the overall 
scenario, if not faster. And even the construction equipment overall market size in the country 
has gone up by about 25% approximately in the last year, which gels very well with because 
we are also focusing now on construction equipment to bring in additional growth. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
And we feel that it might be the fastest-growing segment for us for a good amount of time now 
going forward. Material handling has been little, I do not know why, growing only at about 
10%, 20%. I believe that would have been faster. But I'm sure with the mechanization and 
manufacturing growing in our country, it will catch up very fast. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
So is it right to assume that the entire cranes market that is there, so it will be ballpark figure 
around INR2,500 crores, INR3,000 crores and hopefully it's between INR700 crores, INR800 
crores as of now? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. The entire crane market may be close to about INR3,000 crores or less than that, I would 
say. Maybe around INR2,500, INR2,600, INR2,700. And forklift may be at about I would say 
about 7,000-odd units because the models again range. So the pricing goes plus and minus -- 
plus, minus than that. But I would say maybe about INR600 crores, INR700 crores. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Okay. And sir, one last question. We had actually rolled out some products in the crane 
segment. So the traditional products that we had, we have rolled out like a man list attached to 
a pick-and-carry crane and products like that, 2 to 3 products. So what is the overall traction on 
that side? Are we -- like what is the overall demand as well as how much of that -- if at all you 
have those numbers, how much of that is contributing to the cranes revenue right now. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. I think about 3 years back, just around COVID, we had brought in these multi-activity 
cranes NX series. And yes, some time was wasted during COVID, 1 or 2 years because people 
were not willing to spend money and there was, in any case, hyperinflation happening all 
around. But yes, in saying that, in the last year, we have seen really good traction there. And to 
be very frank with you, although the numbers there are small maybe it's all about 3%, 4% of 
the entire pick-and-carry cranes that we are doing as of now. 
But we've already started contributing to our bottom line, and you can also see increase in our 
bottom line here and there. So this is primarily due to this changing product mix and obviously 
some realization. And going forward, already the type of traction and order booking which is 
happening for these NX, the new type of cranes, this is very encouraging. And I think in the 
next 2 years, 3 years, they can really become 10%, 20% of our portfolio of pick-and-carry 
cranes. And there the margin profile is really good because of the innovation part. 
Devesh Kasliwal: 
Congratulations again on the good set of number. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Ms. Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Ltd. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. So my question is on the -- yes, like you have 
guided 15% to 20% growth in crane and agri. So also you guided to 20% to 25% that I missed 
for which part? And second question, I wanted to know your view overall industry, how is it 
going? And what's our expectation going forward? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. See, we have projected 15% to 20% growth for cranes for material handling and for agri. 
And 30%, 35% growth for construction equipment, the CE segment. And I think the overall 
industry is also growing, but we have been lucky enough to grow faster than the industry. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
And see, especially in cranes, we were able to grow 38%, construction equipment 41% and 
against the industry growth of around 20%, 25%. So that is the advantage we've been able to 
gain even in the last year. And we hope we continue to gain that advantage because that's how 
our market share will keep on increasing. What was the second part of your question? 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes. So and sir, there on the margin side, like we are targeting, it will expand 100, 150 bps. So 
what are your strategy to lead this EBITDA margin expansion? Basically, it is to be very frank 
with you we purely coming in from operating leverage. And as a matter of fact, it can be more 
than that. Pricing is sensitive, if you have to maintain market share. 
So it is a mix of operating leverage coupled with wherever possible, if we can increase our 
prices, coupled with the changing product mix because, yes, within the pick-and-carry range, 
again, there is a shift towards slightly higher tonnage where realizations get better. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Rajeev Maheshwari from Praj Investments. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
I had a couple of questions. Like in terms of we were planning some acquisitions, as we 
discussed in the last couple of con calls. So what is the current state on that? And if you can 
throw some light in terms of the utilization of the QIP amount? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. I think QIP amount utilization, Mr. Luthra will take that question. And regarding 
acquisitions, Vyom, you want to elaborate? 
Vyom Agarwal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, Rajiv. And as we had indicated earlier that there were a couple of 
exciting opportunities for us, one in the backward integration space and one in the forward 
integration space. Coming to the backward integration, there was a company which had gone 
to NCLT. It was an SME company where we were trying to bid for the company. 
However, unfortunately, the bankers and the COC have decided to grant that in favor of the 
existing promoters being an MSME. So that thing for the time being, it has been kept on 
abeyance. For the forward-linkage part, there was an acquisition which we were targeting. 
But seeing how this space, especially the cranes and the construction equipment space is 
behaving, the valuations currently are not logical enough to go ahead with that acquisition as 
of now. Although we still are trying on that to keep the valuations at a logical level. And if in 
case something happens in this phase, we will keep everyone informed. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Apart from these two, there is nothing new in the pipeline which has come up, I believe. 
Vyom Agarwal: 
No, there are three, four other opportunities which we are working upon quite aggressively. 
But these were the two on the very advanced stages, which we had discussed in our earlier con 
calls as well. Apart from these two, there are three, four other opportunities in some related 
space, which we are working on. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Vyom, but I think his question was very specific on something, which I think I have been able 
to figure out. No, nothing as of now, but we are expecting something. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
Okay. Yes, to put it straight. And with regards to the utilization of the QIP amount? 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. As regard to QIP we raised about INR135 crores which was is lying as such as -- just for 
us for the -- whenever we acquire this company. And if you have noticed that our investment 
has grown up to INR400 crores. Not only the QIP proceeds, but as well as the, whatever the 
profit we are generating and has been conservatively used and has been put into the liquid 
investment for -- as and when the time opportunity comes, we are able to encash them and still 
remain a debt-free company after acquiring any of the companies which we have. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Matter of fact, we are also saving up this money for the opportunity maybe you were talking 
about. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
Okay. Okay. That's good. The amount has gone up, so maybe it's for maybe something good 
may come up. One thing I noticed that in the quarterly results, there is a difference in the other 
income mentioned in the stand-alone as well as in the consolidated. So what's the reason for 
that? I think it's -- the difference is close to INR4 crores. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes, actually that difference is basically because of the -- in the earlier in June quarter, 
something that money has moved from the -- wrongly stated as reserves, which has moved to -
- from -- reduced from income and gone into translation result because that was because of the 
change in currency value. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
But why is it then not that part not shown in the consolidated profit and loss account? 
Rajan Luthra: 
It is already mentioned, I will -- if you can give me your e-mail, I will probably explain there 
much better. Okay. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
I'll share my email ID. And one quick question. How is the electric crane going on in terms of 
the -- any commercial production, the orders? And how have things gone? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
We were waiting 3, 4 months to commercialize it. So hopefully in the next quarter we will 
commercialize it. The excitement is very much there. We want to be very sure once we release 
the product in the market. We had launched it, showcased it.  
And currently the endurance testing and all the cycles are being done up. And obviously the 
facility is being geared up to be able to produce. And we are also on the capex because we are 
totally consumed in our capacities with our existing products. So I think in Q2, we should be 
able to commercialize it. 
Rajeev Maheshwari: 
So still maybe 3, 4 months down the line? 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Ms. Vedika Singh from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Vedika Singh: 
Sir, what is the likely traction in the CE space that we are seeing? And what is our target 
revenue mix for the business in FY '25 or '26? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
I think we should easily be able to grow this business at 30%, 35% every year to be a little 
conservative. And I'm saying that, so I think we should definitely be looking at INR325 crores, 
INR350 crores or little more than that in the current fiscal. And I'm going at a 30%, 35% 
increase ratio. So I think we should be hitting INR500 crores in the next 1.5 to 2 years. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Vedika Singh: 
Sir, okay, sir. And what would be the overall revenue mix coming from the MHC cranes? 
Would there be a deviation from our current product mix in 2 years down the line? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Which cranes are we talking about, Vedika? 
Vedika Singh: 
Sir, the overall revenue mix coming from construction equipment cranes. Since we are so 
bullish on the construction equipment, would the revenue mix change? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, maybe a little bit in favor of construction equipment at the cost of especially, I would say, 
metal handling and agri because they'll be growing slower. Yes, the crane, the base itself is 
big. So might be a small -- very small 1 or 2, 3 percentage there. But I think over the next 2, 3 
years, construction equipment currently is our second biggest segment already at 11%. So that 
should definitely start to look something like maybe at about, let's say, next 2, 3 years of 
INR4,000 crores revenue, INR5,000 crores revenue and this being maybe about 12%, 13%, 
14%, something like that. 
Vedika Singh: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Sir, could you also share the progress on the Ghana plan, what's happening 
and what's the time line that we are following at present? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. Unfortunately, we were looking at -- to start execution in quarter 1. But due to -- Luthra 
Sir, would you want to answer that? You are more abreast with the Ghana news. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes. Basically, there has been some discussions going on between the Ghana government and 
the Indian government and which -- because it was -- the project was funded by the Indian 
government through Exim Bank of India, and we were -- and we would have -- although 
payments were secured from the Exim Bank including advanced payment and all those things, 
there have been some regulatory issue between Ghana government and the Indian government 
which is, I understand, is under discussions. 
So once that is -- which we expect to be resolved very soon. Once we resolve them, once the 
Indian government gives clearance, then the Exim Bank will start making payments to us. 
Once we -- and we will start the project only when we get the advanced payments because we 
don't want to take risk on the government asset, but we only because of the secured payment 
we do the business. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
So hopefully the situation should -- I mean, whatever, should be resolved in the next 1 or 2 
months. And we are looking at our payments going through the Exim Bank most probably in 
the coming quarters. So we are hopeful that -- I mean, we were expecting quarter 1 to start 
execution. So hopefully quarter 2, we should be in a position to start execution at some time. 
Vedika Singh: 
Still, sir, for now we have not put in any capital towards Ghana, right, from our end? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Not really capital, but a lot of intellectual capital, I would say, because all the planning and 
with respect to the plant that is going to be set up there and with respect to the proposed 
ordering for that, most of the homework has been done by us, finished by us. 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes. But we have not spent any financial commitment as such to vendors and everything, so. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
We have not deployed any capital assets. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Suhrid Deorah from Paladin Capital. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Just one quick question, accounting question. Could you explain what is impairment losses of 
financial assets? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Impairment losses of financial assets, Luthra Sir? 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes, basically this is the -- making a provision for the expected credit loss because recently the 
accounting standard has been revised from last 1 or 2 years and which has made a stringent -- 
we have made a stringent policy of making provisions for overdues which are more than 6 
months or so. So depending on those policies and because on the historical trend and all those 
things, we have made an expected loss. This may not happen, but we have made a position. So 
that isn't shown separately as an impairment of the receivables basically. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
To be very frank, in short, DSR, where KPMG has become our audit firm now and so they 
wanted to make the provisioning very transparent and very clear. So although most of these 
payments are recoverable, but they have a provision for it under this. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Okay. So is it fair to assume that the receivables that are shown in the books, the rest of them 
are likely to materialize over the next 12 months and you won't see such a large write-off going 
forward? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, anything possible, BSR has made sure it is provisions. But in saying that, most of the 
provisioning is actually recoverable, to be very frank with you. And whatever vessels which 
are balance are 100% recoverable. 
Suhrid Deorah: 
Okay. Got it. So this is a one time? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
They have got delayed a little beyond 6 months or whatever like Luthra sir was saying and 
they have been provided for. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Mr. Jitendra Petkar from JD Capital. Mr. Petkar, please go 
ahead with your question, sir. 
Management: 
I think we can skip and go to the next one. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Indumati Rangan, an individual investor. 
Indumati Rangan: 
I have a few questions. My first question is, in the last conference call you said that the 
Chinese are selling large cranes in India at very low prices and giving 1 year credit to buyers, 
but we are entering the large crane segment by building a new plant for it. So how are you 
going to compete with the Chinese players who are selling at such low prices and also offering 
1 year's credit? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
In all probability by doing the same thing, by offering competitive prices and wherever 
possible credit terms, obviously secured credit terms to LC and all. First I'll start with the 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
credit terms. We have tied up for -- with some banks at very good interest rates with respect to 
sale bill discounting and healthy discounting, wherein I think we should be able to compete 
with the Chinese on the credit terms. 
And I'm sure as soon as there is an alternative available, the customers will start to prefer 
Indian buyers. Yes, with respect to bigger cranes, their prices are really ridiculous with respect 
to margin profile. We would have thought that bigger trains should not be less than 20%, 25% 
EBITDA levels. But still they are not that bad once we produce them in good quantity in India. 
I think in the last 4, 5 years, what was holding us back was the possible margin profile. But 
once we calculated that after increasing our business by around 5x and competing at same 
prices. 
So because of the operating leverage part of it which will come. I think last year we did the 
bigger cranes -- just pulling out a paper, just a second -- close to about INR130 crores, INR140 
crores approximately. And obviously once we are doing INR400 crores, INR500 crores and 
operating leverage that will come along with it, I'm sure will help us compete with the 
Chinese. 
Indumati Rangan: 
And my second question is, the Chinese products are now being imported but you will be 
manufacturing the large cranes in India itself. So that will give you a logistic cost advantage, 
correct? Is that logistics cost advantage going to be an important part of your competitive 
advantage? And what percentage from advantage will you have because of the logistic cost? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
The logistics will give us anywhere between 7% to 8% advantage. But apart from logistics, 
another part is the Chinese machines which are being imported they also attract a 7.5% custom 
duty. So that barrier is also there. But even after calculating all of that, they are still being very 
competitive. 
And in a way, you can say some sort of dumping. So we are also -- we've been in talks with 
MHI and DGFT with regards to practices of the Chinese companies. And they are also 
planning to act on that. And if something like that happens, then it can be much more 
beneficial in our favor. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Apurva from Phillip Capital, PCG. 
Apurva Shah: 
Congratulations for the really good job. Sir, two things, I just make a clarification on like when 
we are guiding for crane segment to grow at maybe 15 to 20 percentage. So are we considering 
the incremental revenue from crawler crane or it is not factored in this guidance? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
As of now, no, to be very frank with you, because the plant will become operational next 
quarter. And obviously we will have some incremental revenue with respect to crawler cranes 
and truck cranes. I'm sure the numbers will double up at least in the second half. Yes, so it 
could be additional INR30 crores, INR40 crores, INR50 crores, which might trickle in, but we 
have not factored that in, and… 
Apurva Shah: 
Probably that could come in Q3 or Q4, right? 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, Q3, Q4. And to answer your question very frankly, we have pegged it at 15%, 20%, the 
crane segment, but I think it is going to be bigger than that. 
Apurva Shah: 
Fantastic. And sir, another thing on agri side. So like as we have reached the optimum revenue 
for construction equipment, which is reflected in your margins as well, which is similar to your 
crane segment. So for agri what could be that option revenue side revenue where we can see 
some margin improvement because that is the one of the segment where we are not able to 
show the margin improvement. So any thought on that? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
And it is also our pain point. 
Apurva Shah: 
Exactly. So like once the margin improvement is visible in that segment, then probably you 
would be -- you would have all 4 product buckets, which is roughly 10% to 12% kind of EBIT 
margin. So that's why need some -- your thoughts on that? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
When Agri starts to perform, believe me, we will start doing more than 15% -- 14%, 15%. But 
in saying that, I think they're similar to backhoe loaders, I mean this construction equipment. 
As soon as we start doing a INR70 crores, INR75 crores, I would say INR75 crores at least on 
a quarterly basis, let's say, INR300 crores on an annual basis, which I think is really not 
possible in this coming year, but definitely in the year after that. Our margin profile can be 
similar to other segments like cranes and construction equipment. 
And similar questions, we was being asked 2 years back regarding our construction equipment, 
and we've been able to solve that and bring it to normalcy. So hopefully, I mean, not in the 
next 1 year, definitely you'll see improvement in the agri. But I think FY '25, if you are able to 
do a INR300 crores, INR350 crores turnover, I think the margin profile will start to look very 
different. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Jitendra Petkar from JD Capital. 
Jitendra Petkar: 
I have 2 questions. One is about Note 11 in the annual result, which mentioned some 
corrections that have been made for the previous year's consolidated results. Is it because of 
changing in the accounting practices? What is it? Is there any impact, financial impact on that? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
No financial -- yes, actually, there is no financial impact. There are certain regrouping only 
from one head to another head. So these are basically all balance sheet items only where some 
loans have moved to advances and all those. These are small corrections, you can say, as per 
the -- because with the change in auditors different view has been taken on that it should be 
shown as security deposit or rather than advances and -- so this is -- if you have noticed that 
there has been no change in the financial profit and loss in the -- no restatement on the profit 
and loss for the previous year. 
Yes, definitely, balance sheet has been restated, but very minutely in certain heads, moving 
from one head to another in the similar category. Some assets from, financial assets have gone 
to other assets. 
No significant impact on the net worth and the book value of the share. 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Jitendra Petkar: 
And my second question is about defense as a new sector. Is there any possibility of business 
growing rapidly there in that sector? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, there are definitely possibilities. I think 2.5% to 3% revenue contribution has come from 
defense in the current year. And internally, we have targeted 8% to 10% revenue going 
forward as soon as possible to come in from defense sector. So hopefully I think this year 
would be better than last year with respect to defense business.  
And we are working on different projects, different requirements. The station is slightly 
longer, sometimes they click quickly sometimes -- but generally will take longer. So that's 
where we stand. Internally we plan to take revenue contribution from defense to 8% to 10%. 
Eventually, currently we are working at about approximately 2.5%. 
Jitendra Petkar: 
So going forward, we hope to get more traction and a little better margins in the defense? 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. I mean, good margins. Margins are reasonable generally in the defense business because 
the products and the environments are pretty typical and sort of tailor-made. So I think they 
will be in sync with the profile of the segment we are working in. 
Jitendra Petkar: 
Fine. Congratulations for good numbers. And I hope the impact of this Note 11 is not more 
than about INR4 crores as it can be generally seen broadly as I can see. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes, I think, again, because of the new auditors. So wherever, you understand very well, 
wherever they thought maybe some grouping or whatever Mr. Luthra was explaining. But 
there is really no financial impact, right, Mr. Luthra? 
Rajan Luthra: 
Yes, there is no. As I stated, there has been no impact on the profit loss of the last year also. 
And the only restatement was basically in taking some investment as current or to non-current. 
And only this movement has been from one head to another head. And no, there will be no 
future adjustment because now the -- we have aligned number as per the KPMG requirements. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Sorab Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. About 2, 2.5 years back we planned and conceived that by FY '24 we will 
double our turnover from about INR1,100 crores, INR1,200 crores and take the company to 
about INR2,500 crores. So as of now, we seem to be on track to take our company beyond 
INR2,500 crores in the current financial year. 
And going forward, I think this would again be our endeavor, to double ourselves in the 
forthcoming 3 years. And as conveyed, we are looking at 15% to 20% growth on the 
conservative side in the current year, which will be driven by cranes, metal handling and agri 
with about a 15%, 20% contribution and construction equipment at a slightly better pace. And 
more importantly, I think double-digit margins for us are here to stay. 
And within the coming quarters and this year, I'm sure we'll be able to further increase our 
margin profile by at least 100 to 150 basis points, if not more. And the scenario in the country 

Action Construction Equipment Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
seems to be good and buoyant. Slight dependency on the monsoons, I would say, because that 
does impact the buying pattern a little. But on the whole, things seem to be on the right track. 
And we seem to be heading in the right direction as per our plan. Yes. Thank you, everybody, 
and good evening. 
Vyom Agarwal: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
I will now hand over the conference to Ms. Vedika Singh from Monarch Networth Capital 
Limited. Over to you, ma'am. 
Vedika Singh: 
To the management for taking us through the FY '23 results and a promising future outlook. 
Thanks to all the participants for joining us today. We would now like to close the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
