To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M01029 
Sub: 
Transcript 
of Investors Earnings 
Call pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’any/Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated July 27, 2023, and August 03, 2023, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the Earnings call held on August 03, 2023, with the Analysts / Investors. 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: August 09, 2023 
CL EDUCATE LIMITED 
@ wwwicleducate.com 
= compliance@eleducate.com 
© +94-11-44284400/0800 
=t +91-44-41281101 
CIN: L74899HR1996PLC076897 
Registered Office: Plot No. 9A, Sector-27A, Mathura Road, Faridabad, Haryana-124003 
Corporate Offil 
+45, First Floor, Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi-140044 
ARJUN 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by ARJUN WADHWA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=2b7e1bcf3708401da7b81b4acf4350f8, 
2.5.4.20=5b683edb1612ad448c25af9b83b45c0273d42111
0e4e6b4483d2aa2d7f1fe4fc, postalCode=110070, 
st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=b0f7375e8a020b3fd93e84a1a8f999fe9cdb4
02ce9fbe1559a7e4d8e00803601, cn=ARJUN WADHWA 
Date: 2023.08.09 14:37:02 +05'30'

 
“CL Educate Limited Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2023 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R – Chairman, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan – Executive Director & Group CEO, Enterprise Business, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
Earnings Call Link: CL Earnings Conference Call Q1 FY24 
 
Results Link:  
 Consolidated Results – Q1 FY24 
 Standalone Results – Q1 FY24 
 
 
Investor Presentation: CL Investor Presentation Q1 FY24 
 
 

 
CL Educate Limited: Earnings Conference Call – Q1 FY 2024 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Let's get started. Very Good Afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to CL 
Educate Limited's Q1 FY24 Analyst Call. My name is Arjun Wadhwa. I'm the CFO of CL Educate and I'll 
be your host today.  
Once again, welcome to our home-grown Metaverse. It's called VOSMOS and this is the sixth call we 
are hosting through the platform. And I'm sure by now, everyone here would be very familiar with 
the same. However, if you're joining us for the very first time through VOSMOS, I would recommend 
spending a little bit of time after this call exploring what the metaverse has to offer, including 
checking out some of the meta commerce opportunities available in our mall. It's brilliant. Please do 
spend some time on it later. This analyst call as always will be recorded, transcribed and made 
available in the investor zone on our website within the next 24-48 hours. Should you have any 
questions, please type them in the chat box in the bottom right-hand corner of your screen. We'll 
address them at the end of our presentation. Joining me on this call today is Mr. Satya Narayanan, 
our Chairman and CEO and Mr. Nikhil Mahajan, Executive Director and Group CEO of our Enterprise 
Business. I'd like to start by inviting Satya to share a brief overview of our businesses and key focus 
areas for the year ahead, after which Nikhil will run us through the presentation, spending some time 
on the financials and business updates for this quarter, following which we will take on any questions 
that you send our way. Satya, over to you.  
Satya Narayanan R: Good Afternoon, everybody. I hope some of you also found time to attend our 
AGM in the morning. So, this slide, as you can see, and one of the reasons why I'm taking these 3-4 
slides is that there was a feedback that came before the last earnings call that please don't assume 
that everyone has been attending for a long time. So just take a little time to introduce about the 
company.  
So, I'll be very brief here. This, in short, talks about Career Launcher, pan India, hoping to go overseas 
a little bit more rapidly in the newer environment, Omni-channel brand with 170 centers. And the 
core business of Career Launcher is all about careers, which includes test preparation, admissions 
consulting for Indian as well as global higher educational institutions. And the platform and content 
that we use to service these students that gets monetized by two of our divisions. One is the GK 
publications on the content side and CL Media on the platform side with institutions and other 
brands. We are a dominant player in MBA, Law and IPM.  We are either number one or number two, 
depending on which segment we're talking about. And as we move into the future next 2-4 year 
perspective, if you look at it, the focus is on the significant part of it is on undergraduate segment 
transitioning from school to college, either through CUET, Law and IPM, for India, or through IELTS 
and SAT and admissions student recruitment consulting for global geographies, important 
geographies such as US, Canada, Australia and so on. We have over 600 titles, which forms a very 
important backbone to our delivery design. And we have over 140 institutional clients in India, and 
we are adding now global clients to it. And this will see a lot of growth over the next couple of years.  
Let's move forward. On the MBA side, just a little bit of a summary for those of you who are still new 
or getting into this market segment is test preparation. MBA is a Target Addressable Market (TAM) of 
about 2.5 lakh. And we have about a 30-35% market share in this market. And we are in India, we are 
number two, hoping to be number one, working towards being number one. You know, typically in 
our business, if the market is mature, stable, you can assume that about 50% of the TAM becomes 

 
the Serviceable Addressable Market (SAM), wherein people are taking some kind of a service or the 
other. So, we have two tasks always in front of us when we get into a new segment. One, to make 
sure that the figure gets to 50% of the applicants get to start doing a test prep. For example, in CUET, 
that's a significant task for us. And the other task is to grow the market itself. For example, when we 
started Law, the total number of Law takers in India was about 6,000. I'm talking about 15 years ago. 
It has moved to 70,000, but I think it has to move a lot more even beyond this. CUET, the applicants 
who are 14 lakhs, the test takers were about 11.6 lakhs, but this has a potential to go from 11 lakh 
test takers to four times the size in the next five years. That's one of the tasks that we have, even as 
we try and replicate a 30-35% of the SAM as our market share in CUET. So those numbers are 
possible in our business if we are good at generating student outcomes. In the student mobility, it's a 
very important emerging segment.  There is some action here. You might have followed some work 
that is done by new brands like Leverage-Edu or Admit Card, etc. And there are a lot of legacy players 
who have built a 10 crore or 15 crore kind of a brand. And some of those consolidations might 
happen. There are six million students globally speaking in their non-native geographies, doing their 
under-graduation or post-graduation or PhD. The corresponding figure for India is 750,000 students, 
either going from India to overseas or coming to India for a study in India initiative. So that's an 
important new product, new segment for us. We hope to get most of our growth from undergrad, 
comprising CUET, Law and IPM, or from student mobility programs, while MBA will continue to have 
a little bit of a growth as we move forward.  
A quick summary on the Kestone side, I'm aware of five, six of you who have mentioned that you're 
attending for the first time. So Kestone, the business as usual has been around event management, 
customer engagement programs, demand generation, and the list of clients’ looks quite formidable 
as far as Indian geography is concerned. And as you will see, when we go into the actual 
presentation, and as I've shared even this morning in the AGM, Kestone has added a product-led 
new opportunity as a big growth driver, which includes virtual events platform and transitioning, 
helping businesses move from the two-dimensional e-commerce world to a three-dimensional meta-
commerce world. And that's an early day, there's a lot of land grab that is possible for new and 
aggressive players. Keystone is working in that direction. And along with that, Keystone also is 
looking at expanding her footprint in overseas geography. So, after Singapore, Indonesia and GCC are 
two focus areas, and we also are taking some baby steps as far as US is concerned. So that's the quick 
summary of broad, sweep of about the two businesses. I'll pause here and hand the mic over to 
Nikhil to take us through the business numbers and the details.  
Nikhil, over to you. 
Nikhil Mahajan: Thank you, Satya. So let me jump into the financial update. So, if you look at the 
brief business summary, financial summary, I think this has been a reasonably good quarter for us. 
We have seen our revenue jump to the highest level in any quarter; we have achieved at Rs. 92 
crores versus Rs. 71 crores which we had achieved last year in June 22. Our EBITDA has grown by 
about 23% from Rs. 9 crores to Rs. 11 crores. Last year in Q1, we had an exceptional income of about 
Rs. 11.8 crores. So, adjusting for that, our PAT has increased from Rs. 4.6 crores to Rs. 5.5 crores 
which is about a 20-21% increase and our EPS increases commensurate to that. So overall, quarter 
has shown a pretty robust revenue, EBITDA and profitability, PAT growth across almost all business 
lines of both EdTech as well as MarTech.  
A brief quick snapshot on a couple of balance sheet items. During the quarter we have seen our free 
cash flow increase by about Rs. 9 crores versus Rs. 6.2 crores in the same quarter last year. Our ROCE 

 
has shown a marginal 3% improvement from 7.3% to 7.6%. We know it is still below what it should 
be and we are working towards maximizing with the Return on Capital Employed in business. Last 
year after the monetized sale of assets has enabled us to sit from an illiquid asset to a liquid asset in 
form of cash which is gradually getting deployed into business for enhanced returns during the 
coming period. Just one clarification, the ROCE figures are on the trailing 12-month period and have 
been suitably adjusted for any exceptional items.  
On to the cash position, I think we are currently sitting on around a gross cash of Rs. 116 crores. Our 
borrowings are pretty negligible at Rs. 8 crores which basically are there to just keep a long-term 
banking relationship with our existing bankers. With our net cash position at around Rs. 108 crores, 
we have seen a net cash accretion as of June 23 over June 22 by about Rs. 22 crores after accounting 
for the buyback which was done last year which took about Rs. 12 crores. As shared, we are a net 
debt zero company. We do not have any net debt and going forward we do not see any accretion of 
debt on our balance sheet for a reasonable period of time.  
Let me jump to the segmental analysis. In the ed-tech business, we have seen a roughly a 33% 
increase in revenue from Rs. 45 crores to about Rs. 60 crores during the quarter. EBITDA has 
increased by about 15% from Rs. 10.4 to Rs. 12 crores. So, while the revenue increases significantly, 
EBITDA increases not that dramatic because we have made substantial investments in brand, 
marketing and people and these investments will reflect in EBITDA benefits over the next few 
quarters and should result in higher profitability going forward. On the MarTech side, we are seeing a 
revenue increase of about 23% and EBITDA increase of about 54%. So, the improving deployment of 
technology product based and the higher margin revenue mix in the MarTech business is resulting in 
a disproportionate increase in the EBITDA as compared to the revenue and I think this re-pivoting will 
continue over the coming quarters as we move forward.  
Now a brief deep dive into the EdTech business. The brief summary of this business is that it has 
been a pretty solid quarter with roughly over 50% increase in volumes. The billing has increased by 
about 42%. Our both physical and digital businesses have shown a healthy billing growth. Usually, Q1 
is a billing heavy quarter because after the exams the students tend to enrol for the newer courses in 
the UG segment which includes Law, CUET, IPM, Engineering, Medical, Tuition, our enrolments 
increased by about 77% as compared to last year while our billing increased by about 49%. The 
student mobility business has also shown a promising growth in the first quarter, and we expect that 
this positive momentum both in terms of enrolments and billing will continue to sustain in the 
coming quarters.  
On the other parts of the EdTech business which include the Platform Monetization, the billing has 
grown by about 22% during the quarter, while the Publishing revenues have grown by 18%. Usually 
for the Platform Monetization, this is a slow quarter as most of the existing institutional institutions 
are currently busy closing the current admission season's last mile admissions and they start looking 
at the next season only towards mid of July and I think we'll have many new things to report as we 
get into Q2 and Q3 during the course of this year. As usual, if you look at the bottom part of the slide, 
one of the reasons for a solid increase in volumes is also our excellent results not just in Law but also 
in MBA as well as in CUET. The number of 100%ilers in CUET 2023 has increased more than 3x as 
compared to last year. We have over 1,200+ students who got 100%iles. We had the number one 
rank holder in CLAT and AILET in 2023. The top rankers and the top 10 students in both CLAT and 
AILET as usual have been CL students and similarly a huge number of IIM calls in the CAT 2022 and 

 
this has resulted in an extremely positive word of mouth and that will continue to give a positive rub 
off at momentum during the rest of the year.  
Now a brief business update on the MarTech business. As shared earlier, our top line grew by about 
23% and EBITDA has grown by about 54%. Events of the Experiential Marketing business has been a 
key growth driver and we have added a couple of extremely Marquee clients like ITC and Hindware. 
The business from our repeat clients is steady and growing at a fast pace. We are focusing on 
increasing our B2B, CEP digital marketing sales outcomes and as the year progresses, I think we will 
see more positive news on those business clients. In the first quarter, Overseas business revenues 
have grown by about 50%. We just commenced operations in Indonesia in the first quarter and that 
will start contributing to revenues beginning Q2 and we hope by the end of the year, we would see a 
reasonably positive traction in that market. As shared in the morning in the AGM, the Board has 
approved a share buyback in continuation to the one which we had done last year. So, the buyback 
will start from August 21, 2023. We are looking at a maximum share buyback of about Rs. 15 crores 
at a maximum price of rupees Rs. 94 per share as compared to the average actual last year's buyback 
price of Rs. 62.5. Also, this is a share buyback which is being done through the market operation 
route in which the promoters are not going to participate and we are estimating that from the non-
promoter holding, about 6% of that holding is likely to be bought back through this buyback. So, I 
think we will have about 90 days to complete this process. So hopefully when we meet again in 
about a quarter's time, we would have completed this entire process and as I shared, the buyback 
will actually kick off in the market on August 21, 2023. That brings me to the end of the presentation. 
We'll be happy to take any queries and questions. Feel free to kindly tap and we'll take one by one.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Nikhil. Since I have you, let me throw the first question that's come from 
Anand straight to you. He says, as mentioned in the AGM, we have started scouting for strategic / 
financial investors for Kestone. What is the estimated timeline for fruition of the same?  
Nikhil Mahajan: While we are hopeful that something would materialize in about 3 to 4 quarters, but 
as you know, it is pretty difficult to put a very strict timeline, but we are extremely positive that in the 
next 3 to 4 quarters, we will have some good news on that front.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Nikhil. There's also a follow-up question from Manan on CUET. Satya, maybe 
I can bring you in for that. Again, with reference to the AGM, Manan mentions that we had shared 
that we had about 13,500 CUET enrolments this year. He is asking how we expect the enrolments to 
grow over the coming 3-5 years.  
Satya Narayanan R: Okay. So Manan, the question was from Manan, right? Yeah. Okay. So Manan, I 
think the endeavour would be to get to a very meaningful and strong market shares in various 
formats in which the students are going to seek help from a player like ours. For instance, when I say 
that, I am talking about the classroom program, the pure online program or even the test series as an 
option for students. There are a large number of students who think that they can study on their 
own. So can we get them in for either the study material or the test series or the DIY learning 
programs and so on. So as you are aware, we have got the premium, the pouch and the sachet, all 
three levels. So, our effort in a steady state must be to get to the market shares very similar to what 
we have in IPM or Law.  But how will it translate into what exact numbers? I think it would be a little 
premature for me to say. We need to make sure that there is the offer of CUET in every CL centre, 
that's number one. And that also slightly or significantly impinges or hinges upon whether the 
universities in that particular geography, for example, if you take our centres in Tamil Nadu or Kerala 
or Karnataka, it hasn't begun to move because the local leading universities have not yet begun to 

 
take the CUET as an exam. So, we need to play along and then have a very differentiated approaches 
in different geographies. But our focus would be on getting a good market share and from wherever 
we are this year, we should try and see can we grow by 70% or an 80% or something like that year on 
year is what we should look at. And that's perhaps possible in the first 2-3 years before it kind of 
settles down. Let's see, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves Manan.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Satya, while I have you, I'll also just take other questions on CUET and then I'll go 
back to Nikhil on the Events business and on the Virtual Events Platform. There are some follow up 
questions. Vivek is asking if we're facing any challenges in scaling CUET across franchisees.  
Satya Narayanan R: Yes, there are a couple of challenges. The first big challenge is the adoption of 
CUET as an exam by the local leading universities. Unless that happens, the movement on the ground 
is very difficult to create with a remote understanding of what it is. The moment it moves in the local 
universities, all the business partners will pick it up or will get greater returns on the efforts that we 
are making. As of now, we are pushing every single centre to pick it up and say that this investment 
of effort will pay you off when the fate of company comes through, which is the universities will take 
CUET as an exam. So that's the biggest challenge. The second challenge in this, which hopefully CL 
has been able to confront and pick it up and created a good amount of lead, is the number of 
subjects that you have in CUET. That is the biggest challenge in CUET. But we have picked up the 16 
or 17 core important subjects across all these streams. And that will take a little bit more effort on 
the partners to become comfortable and confident to start offering. I think these are the two 
challenges, I would say, in addition to creating more centres.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. There's a series of questions. Nikhil, your way and then I'll come back 
to Satya in a few minutes. Nikhil, there's a question from Rahul about our plans to monetize content 
on YouTube. He's actually asking, do we plan to do it? So maybe you can share a little bit about what 
we're trying to do. 
Nikhil Mahajan: Yes, there is a plan and our CL's YouTube channel has over 110,000 subscribers. And 
we are going to make a small start beginning this year in terms of starting the process of 
monetization by advertising and other options. So, but how it pans out is something we'll have to 
test out, because this is going to be a new segment for us, as well as our partner institutions. So, let's 
wait and see how it pans out over the next couple of quarters. 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Nikhil. Rahul has also asked about what services are we providing ITC and 
Hindware and is it mainly offline or is it a virtual?  
Nikhil Mahajan: Basically, these are initial inroads we have made into new corner. So, for them, it is 
kind of some lead generation and some on-ground dealer channel activation and dealer 
management and channel events and channel activation. So, these two customers, it's not going to 
be a big deal, but as of now, both of these are physical and hopefully going forward, we'll add the 
digital bit of it, the virtual event bit of it as things progress.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil. There's also a follow up question from Vivek. How is the Virtual Events 
Platform taking shape and from if you could share a little bit about the go-to market and its 
contribution to MarTech revenue in the coming couple of years.  
Nikhil Mahajan: Okay so the virtual platform thing is now established. We continuously keep 
evolving the technology as a part and parcel of that. The adoption by the industry is pretty strong 
especially the IT segment, the IT industry has been using it vigorously. We are finding that the 

 
customers outside India especially in the APAC the adoption and acceptance is far greater than in 
India. In India, lot of customers at least over the last four quarters have gone back to a larger physical 
engagement, face-to-face, soft touch, high touch engagement but the virtual platforms integration 
with the physical event has now become more or less an integral part and we are now moved to 
more like a hybrid situation where event is physical, but it has certain components of virtual events 
built into it. There are a couple of large ticket virtual events we continue to do for big IT companies 
like Dell and Cisco and Google. So, I think it is progressing. This year we hope to do somewhere 
between 5-7% of our overall revenues through the virtual platform. During the COVID period, this 
has gone as high as 50% but as the physical world has come back, most of the companies for a 
change are now using it but the adoption of the physical events is significant. I think over the next 
couple of years we expect that the Virtual Events Platform revenue would be around 10-15% of our 
revenues going forward.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Nikhil, I will just stay with you for a couple of minutes. Nitya Shah is asking, looking 
at the segment results, EdTech seems more profitable than MarTech. Why not de-merge MarTech for 
more value creation on the EdTech side and also if there are any fundraising plans for Kestone?  
Nikhil Mahajan: Yes, de-merging them into two independent businesses is an option. However, at 
the current level we have evaluated that, taken inputs from various market players and we feel that 
segregating these two businesses into two independent listed business operations might make them 
significantly subscale. Even now at around Rs. 300 crores, we are seen as a pretty small-listed entity 
in terms of our size and revenue at the market cap. So, breaking that into two listed entities, we 
might make them even much smaller. So, maybe that's an option once at a certain threshold in terms 
of size of revenue etc. That is an option we could consider.  In the meantime, I sat there and shared 
earlier and I also answered a question. We are looking for a strategic option, fundraising option for 
our MarTech business. We are just initiating that process. Let's see how things pan out. We will have 
some clarity on how the market reacts on how the market and the potential strategies and others 
look at it and then we will take it forward as things go by.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil. Satya, a host of questions have piled up on the EdTech side and 
maybe I'll just give you the essence of what 7-8 questions have asked and you can probably address 
them as as a group together. One, there are specifics that people are asking about CUET which guys, 
we will refrain from getting into numbers beyond the point because that's also leaking market 
intelligence out there because most of our competitors are not listed entities and we prefer not to 
give away too much information but maybe there's some generic questions that we can still address. 
There are questions about percentages of students who are opting for long-term courses in CUET 
versus short-term courses. There are questions on our center growth and our progress towards 500 
centers which was our stated goal a few quarters back and there's a question about the student 
mobility business. Can we explain what that really means?  
Satya Narayanan R: Okay, thanks Arjun. So, on the CUET, on the composition of students taking the 
short-term and the long-term programs, I think at this point in time it just suffices for me to say that 
over a period of time, the students begin to opt for the longer and the longest duration programs. 
Initially, normally the tendency is to finish the board exams and then rush for a crash program of two 
and a half months or three months or so. But some of these programs that are now beginning to 
happen immediately after the boards, you don't get too much time or they are happening in 
December as a season of exams, then the next what comes is the one year or eight to eight months 
to a year kind of a program. So CUET is likely to follow a similar path and we as a brand, as a 

 
marketing organization, we have the onus upon us to impress upon the parents and children to start 
choosing the longer term program because empirically speaking, that's where the better results 
come out because the students have been with you for a year, a year to two years, but that will take 
time. Okay, so I'll refrain from getting into too much of numbers, ratios, it is different for different 
programs. But what you can say, what you can assume is that the shortest duration program, which 
we call as express or crash, will have about half the volume and the one year in the two-year 
program over a period of three years could get two about the rest half of the entire enrolments that 
we do. Test series is another thing that normally becomes an integral part of your portfolio. And that 
also helps you generate results because students are preparing on their own or students are 
preparing with competition, they could still come to you to take a test series and improve their, 
improve the rankings and you also get to affect them and claim the results for yourself.  
That's as far as CUET is concerned. On the network expansion, our single most important growth 
after product expansion is going to come from network expansion. And that remains the theme for 
the next 36 months, we remain focused on getting to 500 centres, there are certain peak delivery 
quarters where this is normally a little slower. So, there will be a little bit of a ups and downs. But I 
think we need to add something like a 70-100 centres per year for us to get there over the next three 
years, that will continue to be the first or a very clearly visible goal for the next 2.5-3 years. On the 
student mobility, what it really boils down to at the brass tacks levels are actually three things. 
Number one, students who are wanting to go and take admission in a university, which is not in 
India, and that could be at the undergrad level or a postgrad level. That's one, which means you will 
prepare them for IELTS, SAT, GMAT, GRE and so on. That's one test prep part. The second revenue 
stream in this is in addition to test prep, as you know, and many of you might be having a child or a 
nephew or a brother who's gone through that recently. The entire application process, college 
selection, recommendation, all of that is a very premium part of consulting because the family is 
spending anywhere between 1-1.5 crore over a 4 year period if it's an undergrad program. Making a 
little bit of a difference to the choices of colleges, the courses that you take, the country that you 
choose, it could make a significant difference to the better college becoming accessible to you. 
Number one, or by doing a thing or two, you can end up saving money in multiples of $5,000 or 
$10,000 by doing certain things academically.  So that's the second part. And the third is, while the 
first two are relevant for universities who figure in the top 10-15% of the universities in a particular 
country, there is a long tail of universities that are mid-sized, mid-reputed universities in various 
countries that look at it as student recruitment, and there the revenue model for us is we make all 
the investments the students are not charged a whole lot of money. Many a time it is literally free 
service from us to a student, but you work along with the admissions department of the university 
and the university pays you at the end of the year. So, it is a deferred revenue model by almost 8-12 
months.  
So, these are the three revenue streams of study abroad or student mobility as a practice. We were 
looking to build it over a next three-year period. However, what we have done is basis our internal 
visioning exercise that we undertook in January. We have accelerated that and some of the 
investments that we would have done in 2024, we are pushing it. So, teams have been added at a 
little bit of an accelerated pace over the last quarter and a half. Conversations with universities that is 
being moved up. And that's what we are doing. It's early days, but that has a huge potential and trust 
brand platform, geographical reach are going to be the business modes that you take into the market 
to make it a scalable revenue stream for yourself. Back to you Arjun.  

 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. We've got two last questions before we wrap up. One is, what are the 
kinds of investments that we are making in the EdTech business and how long do we expect these 
sort of investments to continue before the operating leverage starts kicking in and we see growth in 
EBITDA margins in line with revenue growth? And the second question, while not directly related but 
I'll put it there because there could be some linkages is most big, well-funded EdTech players like by 
BYJUs, etc. going through bad times. How is it impacting CL if at all?  
 
Satya Narayanan R: So, you know, I'll take the last one first. One of the things that we have to 
practice in business building in long term value building and entrepreneurship as I keep saying it's a 
little bit of a philosophical response is that we are always going to live and die by our P&L, our 
Balance Sheet, our reputation, our ability to have low Customer Acquisition Costs (CACs), our ability 
to generate the best student outcomes, all of all of this is what we focus on. So, when there is a lot of 
euphoria, we guys don't look as good looking as some other others look. But invariably, it comes 
back to a greater location of sanity, which is what now is beginning to come. So, at that time, the 
challenges would become things like, should I up my marketing investments, should I increase my 
salaries because I'm losing to people because they are being bought out by 2x, 3x, 4x kind of salaries. 
All of you, all of us have seen it in every industry.  Now, the talent is beginning to be eased out, but 
you need to be selective. You need to ensure that the economic value that you can attach to a certain 
role should be the guiding factor in recruiting somebody. Or the CAC-led, EBITDA-led decisions 
should be guiding your marketing investments. So, those kinds of things, we might tilt a little to the 
left or right by about 10%. It's not going to change too much. We are going to focus on our plans and 
that's what is as far as the question number two is concerned Arjun. Arjun, can you help me recall 
the question number one in this that you asked?  
Arjun Wadhwa: The first question, Satya, was what kind of investments have we made in the EdTech 
business?  
Satya Narayanan R: So, you know, I would like to believe that we must, or given a choice at any point 
in time, we will pick up the option of investing earlier than later. And I see investments continuing for 
the next 6-8 quarters, both across the Test Prep side as well as the Study Abroad side within EdTech 
itself. And as long as we are able to justify the quick returns on a disciplined investment, we will go 
ahead and make those. And we have a very stringent internal process. To close that question, the 
three areas normally our investments would go are technology, people, and brand building. These 
are the three places that it goes and that will continue to go for the next 6-8 quarters.  
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. We use the acronym PBT -  People, Brand and Technology.  
Arjun Wadhwa: That's a wrap from us for today. Just a reminder, we did a Kestone deep dive. It was a 
1.5-hour session last month. For those of you who missed it, we've put up a recording of that session 
on our investor zone. Please do check it out. And you can get to know a lot more about how our 
Mataq business functions and some it has some fantastic case studies that Piyush Gupta has shared 
on, you know, the kind of work that we do with specific companies and what it translates into 
marketing outcomes for them. So please do check out that session when you get a chance.  
We'll see you back here in in about three months’ time as Nikhil said, with our half yearly results. 
Have a good summer.  
 
 

 
Satya Narayanan R: Thank you, Arjun. Thank you, everyone. 
 
 
For more information, regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website:  
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel  
 
For further information, please contact:  
 
Amit Kanabar  
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy  
CL Educate Limited  
Tel: +91 11 4128 1100  
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
 
