  
PCASL/32/2023-24 
Date: 29.07.2023 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE EQUITY SYMBOL: PRUDENT 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
SCRIPT CODE: 543527 
 
 
ISIN: INE00F201020 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q1FY23-24 Results Conference Call on Un-Audited Financial Results 
for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation No. PCASL/25/2023-24 dated July 20, 2023 and in terms of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q1FY23-24 Results Conference Call held on July 26, 2023 
on Un-Audited Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023.  
 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company at www.prudentcorporate.com 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
 
For, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Dhaval Ghetia 
Company Secretary 
Tele No: 079-40209600 
Email: cs@prudentcorporate.com 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
Ghetia 
Dhavalkuma
r Pareshbhai
Digitally signed by 
Ghetia Dhavalkumar 
Pareshbhai 
Date: 2023.07.29 
13:16:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
Q1 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHIRISH PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – PRUDENT CORPORATE 
ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHIRAG SHAH – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHIRAG KOTHARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. PARTH PAREKH – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUSHAD KAPADIA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Prudent Corporate Advisory 
Services Limited Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushad Kapadia from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rushad Kapadia: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 FY '24 
Results Conference Call for Prudent Corporate Advisory Services. We have with us 
from the management Mr. Sanjay Shah, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Shirish Patel, CEO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Chirag Shah, Whole-time 
Director; Mr. Chirag Kothari, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Parth Parekh, Investor 
Relations. 
So without further delay, I would now like to hand over the call to the management 
for their opening comments. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you, dear, and let me welcome all of you to the earning call of Prudent's first 
quarter of FY '24. Thank you very much to all of you for sparing your valuable time. 
I'm sure you all would be having the investors' presentation handy with you, because 
we have uploaded that presentation to the exchange yesterday. And while I'll be 
giving my opening speech, there'll be lot of references to those slides, which are part 
of our investor presentation. 
So to start with the overall business numbers, I would go to slide number 42. So 
there's a slide which talks about the details of our average AUM. So we have shared 
the details of quarterly average AUM, as well as closing AUM. And if you see the 
charts on the right-hand side, our quarterly average AUM has grown by almost 22% 
on year-on-year basis and 5% on a sequential basis to almost INR59,000 crores. 
On standalone operations, we are starting Q2 with a very good tailwind. As you see 
on the chart on the left side, our closing AUM on 30 June is almost 7% higher when 
compared to the quarterly average AUM of Q1 of FY '24. Hence the large part of 
flow-through of this really will happen in the second quarter, so we have started the 
second quarter also with a very good tailwind on the mutual fund front. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Now I'll move to slide number 43. So that's a slide which talks about Equity AUM 
movement. So, we have shared the details on what moved our equity AUM on a 
year-on-year basis and on a sequential basis. So till last quarter, mark-to-market 
movement was very subdued. However, scenario has completely changed in the 
current quarter. As seen in the left-hand chart, equity AUM has moved higher by 
36% year-on-year to around INR59,200 crores, with almost 70% of movement being 
contributed by mark-to-market movement. Same way, if you look at on the sequential 
basis, equity AUM has moved higher by 13% with 90% of the movement being led 
by the mark-to-market gains. 
Now I would move to slide number 44. So slide 44, on the bottom left, we have given 
the data on monthly SIP flows and our market share in the SIP. Our monthly SIP 
flow has grown by 26% year-on-year to INR542 crores in the month of June, and we 
added almost more than INR100 crores in the SIP flows in last one year. 
Our market share in overall SIP flows stood at 3.7% for the month of June, but if you 
look at our market share in SIPs in regular plan, then our market share is almost 
touching 5%, suggesting our strong focus on this product to drive the growth of the 
company. 
Average value of new SIP is also outpacing the existing book on an average by about 
17% to 18%, suggesting the rising confidence among retail investors to allocate more 
and more towards SIP. So despite we being strong on the SIP front, we strongly 
believe there is a significant legroom to grow her, as 50% of our own investors base 
has yet not embraced SIPs. We have covered this data in Slide 32, under the title 
How Many Investors in Prudent do SIP. This untapped segment holds substantial 
promises for expansion in next 3 years. Prudent as an organization, we aim to achieve 
an AUM target of INR1 lakh crores, and we also foresee that our monthly SIP flow 
will cross INR1,000 crores. So these are the two very strong data points, which we 
are having as an internal target. 
Moving to slide number 47 which talks about our standalone financials. In our 
mutual fund our numbers are much much better. Thanks to the mark-to-market gain 
and the increase in SIP book, standalone numbers are strong on a Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q 
basis, wherein our top line grew by 25% Y-o-Y and 5.1% on Q-o-Q, while the profit 
before tax grew by almost 46.8% on-Y-o-Y and 16.6% on a Q-o-Q basis. 
Now, please look at the slide number 46 which talks about our consolidated numbers. 
Now turn to slide 46, you have our consolidated numbers there. As you all are aware 
and as you would have seen in the Life Insurance Company's number as well, Q4 '23 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
was exceptional quarter on non-par policy front, due to new taxation changes which 
are going to set in from the current year, and sequentially there is a dip. However, on 
a year-on-year basis, we continued our growth momentum with revenue and profit 
growing by 29% and 45% respectively. 
. So now, I'll just open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, I have around 3, 4 questions. So first one is related to our growth in AUM. So 
what I can see that we have -- this quarter we have grown in line with the industry. 
Wanted to understand, going ahead, what would be the levers that you would have at 
hand, which could push this up, so that we gain market share in terms of the AUM 
for overall industry? That is the first one. And the second one is, I think, the net sales 
for this quarter has -- had a significant share of the SIP flow that has come through, 
which was not the case in the last quarter. So what are you seeing in terms of, say, 
the lumpsum sales that is happening, so that there is any trend there which you can 
highlight, and your thoughts on how these numbers can be? So these are the 2 
questions on the business. Post your answer, and then, maybe I'll ask a couple of 
questions on the financials. So, sir, for industry, I think the last quarter versus this 
quarter sequentially the AUM growth has been around 6%, the quarter-on-quarter 
growth. Compared to that we have also grown on similar lines. So wanted to 
understand, going forward, what is our plan, how we can grow maybe much faster 
than industry, whether we will be onboarding new partners, or how do you plan to 
achieve that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think if you look at the average AUM growth of Prudent, the number which I'm 
talking about, 5% is the average versus last quarter to this quarter. However, if you 
look at point to point, we have grown by almost about 12% to 13% on the equity 
front. So I think that is in line with the industry. 
But, we believe that because of our SIP base, which is growing faster, I think we'll be 
able to continue the momentum., And we are talking about the growth of Prudent on 
overall basis, which includes the direct plan, regular plan, your index fund 
everything. So we are talking about the total AUM, and within total AUM, we 
actually represent the distributor plan, that is also non-ETF. So I think our growth, if 
you look at -- on totality, I think we are growing at a healthy pace. And frankly, I 
think this is really supported by the SIP. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
As you probably knew that first quarter has been reasonably subdued on the 
lumpsum side, and that is the reason on the gross flow, our SIP contribution has 
surpassed 50%, which usually remains below 50%. So if you look at first quarter of 
FY '23, which was Y-on-Y, and fourth quarter of last year, in both the quarters, our 
SIP contribution was below 50%, which has moved to 52.4% in this quarter. It shows 
the reason that the lumpsum amount has been reasonably low. So retail participation 
has been reasonably subdued on the lump-sum side. 
Even the net sales is also very, very low in the first quarter, because the retail has 
been very, very wise and as market has been going up, probably people are booking 
some profits. So that is what we understand, to address your -- both questions 
together, why net sales has dipped, some amount of profit booking by the investors. 
As market stabilizes, probably retail investors will start coming back on the lumpsum 
front. 
Even if the lumpsum remains reasonably lower, I think for us what is important 
would be the SIP book, and SIP book is growing at a very, very fast pace. So if you 
look at March, we were close to about INR515 crores, we are now at INR555 crores. 
So SIP book is growing month-on-month and there has not been any dip in that 
numbers. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir. Is this also a function of us pushing SIPs more consciously or is 
there any kind of particular reason why this quarter for the industry also, on the 
lumpsum side, the growth remains tepid? Any reason you can ascribe for this? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think there is a conscious effort at our side to bring more and more money 
through SIP. That's definitely a very conscious effort, because in case of retail, it is 
always an easier thing to advocate for investing small amount, but for a long period 
of time. So if you look at current composition of my AUM also, close to 43%, 44% 
of my AUM is built up through SIP. So that's also a very conscious effort that, if you 
bring business through SIP, you are avoiding market timing, emotional thing, 
everything is out of decision-making process. And that's a better way of collecting 
money. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Also a couple of questions on the financial side. So I see that 
this quarter, the sequential growth in fees and commission expense is much higher 
than our fees and commission income. But if I look at it in terms of revenue, as a 
percentage of revenue, this is quite steady apart from 4Q, where there was a drop. So 
if you could just maybe pencil around the reasons why this has happened or what was 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
the different thing that happened in 4Q because of which at that point of time, it did 
not grow?  
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, we are unable to get you properly, but I think if you are saying that versus last 
quarter to this quarter our expenses percentage growth is higher, right? That is the 
question? Then, let me tell you, if you look at between last quarter and this quarter, 
there are 2 businesses which are important for us. If you look at Prudent, 
predominantly, we are the mutual fund distributors, right. And in last couple of years, 
we started adding insurance as a significant revenue line for us. And last quarter, 
which was March quarter, the insurance business was significantly larger in our kitty, 
and that's a high-margin business. 
What has happened that the last quarter, there was lot of money which came because 
of the taxation changes which were likely to come, and that's the reason, I think if 
you look at overall also, there is a dip in the revenue between last quarter to first 
quarter by 6% and that 6% dip came only in the insurance segment where the margin 
was very high. 
So now, separate -- look at two things separately. Mutual fund distribution AUM as 
well as revenue has gone up, and there our sharing is roughly about 65%. So 
whatever is the additional revenue gain, we shared 65% with our partner, while the 
high margin business of insurance has gone down. That's the reason you might be 
seeing the impact on the percentage terms on the commission. However, commission 
expenditure on mutual fund distribution and all of the financial products has been 
very steady. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood. And in terms of other expenses, also if you could highlight the... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Mukherjee, may we request you to use the handset while speaking? 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Yes. So sir, the last question is regarding other expenses. So there has been an 
increase this time. So if you can highlight what is the reason for that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So if you look at in the insurance segment, I think current year revenue has improved 
significantly for us, really because of changes on the EOM guidelines, the insurance 
company has started paying better to us. And keeping that thing in mind, as insurance 
is a high revenue margin business for us, I think it's a conscious call at the 
management level to spend some money on marketing and branding and awareness 
for that business, and that's the reason we are seeing an uptick in the other expenses. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
That is number 1. Number 2 is every year we run a full-year program called Prudent 
Loyalty Club Program, where all the qualified partners on the mutual fund side and 
the insurance side have been -- in domestic event we do that, and where we facilitate 
them. So last year, full year expenses has been equally distributed in 4 quarters. 
There is some higher provision in with PLC, sir. So these are the 2 things which has 
been the main reason for increase in the other expenses. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Got it sir. Sir, the insurance the higher payout that you mentioned, are you seeing it 
in terms of both life insurance and health insurance, or is it specific to one category? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, yes. I think the percentage improvement is visible in GI. I think LI has not that 
much improvement is visible. So I think LI also, if you look at, we used to earn, on 
an average, about 14%, gone to about 18%, 19% while in case of GI, our rate was 
about 14%, 15%, close to double. You can say both, I think it would have gone to 
about 27%, 28%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from HSBC Mutual 
Fund. 
Harsh Shah: 
Thank you very much and congratulations to the team for such a good result. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shah, can you use the handset mode while speaking, and not the speaker phone? 
Harsh Shah: 
Sanjay bhai, just few questions. In your initial commentary you mentioned that initial 
plan is to cross INR1 lakh crores of AUM. By when do you plan to cross it, I missed 
that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think we are probably -- we are at now INR65,000 crores, INR66,000 crores, 
Harsh. And we believe that by the end of 3 years, we should be able to reach that. 
And for that the most important target would be INR1,000 crores SIP book also. So 
INR1 lakh crores and INR1,000 crores SIP book, both should go hand in hand. 
Harsh Shah: 
And secondly, when you mentioned your flows data on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
slide 43. So we have a net sales of INR682 crores on a quarter-on-quarter basis in 
equity AUM, that predominantly has to be SIP right? Your SIP is almost INR542 
crores? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. So you're right. So I think if you look at, there is another chart which says that 
in the gross sales, 52% contribution came from SIP. So the first quarter lumpsum 
business has been somewhat subdued. However, if you look at, last quarter, we 
collected INR1,512 crores. This quarter, we collected INR1,578 crores. So actually, 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
the absolute amount on the gross sales is higher, but the contribution of SIP has 
increased more because the SIP book has also increased significantly. So both things 
are happening. Even though overall collection is higher, SIP contribution is 
becoming more visible now. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. And just one other thing on SIP Sanjay bhai, is in terms of efforts from 
Prudent perspective, has there -- has anything changed since last 2 or 3 quarters? I'm 
asking this, your SIP book has been growing very handsomely. So just wanted to 
understand in terms of internal efforts, has there been any change or any push that 
you are doing internally? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So, let me bring Shirish to address this. Shirish? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So I won't say that there is specific change here in terms of strategy for SIPs. I 
think we keep on pushing SIPs and as well as the gross flows throughout last many 
years. Depending on the market situation, obviously, I think last few quarters, you 
can see that the gross flows have come down. There is no change in the strategy, but 
one thing you can see, the way Sanjay bhai would have told you in the commentary, 
that our average SIP value has gone up. 
So if you look at our current book, I think we are almost INR2,700 per SIP, if you 
look at the total book versus number of SIP. On book, it is INR2,700. On the new 
SIPs in probably last few quarters, it is in the range of INR3,400. So, more and more 
people are participating in SIP with a higher value, that is where it is more visible in 
terms of SIP book or the SIP value. So otherwise, there is no specific change in the 
strategy. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. That was very helpful. Just 2 more questions from me. In terms of 
MFDs, what is the change -- means, what is the addition that we have done in this 
quarter? 
Shirish Patel: 
So this quarter we would have added around 750, 800 kind of distributors. 
Historically, we have seen that the addition of the distributors in the first quarter is 
little lower, and the second quarter onwards it can catch up.  
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. And just last question is in terms of capital deployment strategy, we 
have seen that the company is generating very healthy cash and you have utilized the 
cash also in couple of acquisitions. So going forward also, probably in this year or 
maybe next year, is there any plan of any inorganic growth, because last time you 
had mentioned in mutual fund, you do not have any such major plans, but probably in 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
insurance or other businesses you may think of doing something. So is there anything 
on that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So yes, Harsh, I think we are open for that and definitely we will utilize the cash at an 
opportune time. Only thing we're waiting for absolute clarity to emerge from the 
regulatory side on the TER, which is likely to happen very, very soon. So once we 
get clarity, then probably we'll start putting our serious efforts. I don't know how fast 
we'll be able to look at that, but I believe for us, we are looking at more towards B2B, 
and that's the reason we have some limitations on acquisitions. But still, I think 
there'll be something which is visible on the B2B side. 
On the insurance side, post this regulatory changes, we have started looking at some 
acquisitions. So that is also -- we are open for that, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI Mutual 
Fund. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Yes. My first question is on the other expenses, please. Can you please help me 
understand what is the steady run rate on the other expenses, and the 2 one-offs that 
you mentioned on the previous participant question? Can you help me understand the 
quantum of that amount, and how to look at it going forward? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So if you look at, the other expenses has gone up by about INR6 crores, wherein 
roughly about INR1 crores, INR1.5 crores would have been contributed by 
provisioning on account of PLC expenses, which we expect the yearly cost would be 
about -- somewhere in the range of INR6 crores, INR7 crores, and the marketing 
costs would be in the range of about INR3 crores, INR4 crores. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. That was helpful. Sir, second question is on the take rate. When I compare 
your non-life take rate vis-a-vis the previous quarter number available, it comes out 
to around 29% versus 14% to 16% historically. So anything that is changing on the 
non-life piece? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So as I told you that, because of the EOM guideline which has been released by the 
regulator, I think the rate has increased in the GI definitely, the rate has improved, 
including the renewal book, as well as the current book, I think, we are getting better 
rates there. You're right, rate has increased by almost about 27%, 28%. So it moved 
from 14% to 28%, you are right. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it, sir. So this is the new normal now? 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. We think so, because it's at the end of the day, it is the insurance company who 
decides, but we believe, I think, this is sustainable right now. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it. Sir, third question was on the B30 incentives. Can you help me understand, 
during this quarter we saw any impact because of that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think, we were just doing back of the envelope calculation, there is about 2 basis 
point impact on the overall revenue side. So yes, 2 basis point dip in the earnings. 
However, the B30 impact will be visible over a period of time. So roughly, B30 was 
10% of our total revenue. And as you are aware, that B30 was paid by AMC for the 
first year over a 12-month period, which has stopped from March. So now, March, 
April, May, June, 4 months has gone, still 8 months, you will see gradual impact. So 
in first 4 months, I think, there is 2 basis point impact on the top line. 
But the GP impact would be very, very less because in case of B30, our payout was 
also very, very high, because you need to be very, very competitive on the B30 side. 
So roughly about 85%-89% was our payout in the, what you call, the B30 segment. 
So GP impact would be very, very less, but top line, definitely there is an impact of 
about 2 basis point on our yield.  
Nilesh Jethani: 
Okay, got it. And one last question, sir, was on the redemption piece. When I see 
your redemptions on the opening AUM, it comes out to around 80-90%. So on the 
one side, we are doing a good job with regards to SIP book etcetera. But how do we 
curtail this redemption? I understand, one is the industry-level redemption, but at 
Prudent level, what are we doing, how are we basically trying to connect with the 
MFDs and their clients to address this redemption? So what are we doing on that 
side? And in general, your sense on experience over the industry in the last 7, 8, 10 
years, how can redemption shape out for industry, despite markets moving on one 
side? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 
Shirish Patel: 
So if you talk about how -- what kind of efforts we are making to reduce the 
redemptions, I think we only can say that we make investors and the distributors 
aware about the market fundamentals, why they should continue long term, and this 
we have been doing for very, very long time and this market also is no different, we 
are doing the same thing. The only difference would be, we definitely would increase 
the efforts in this kind of period, wherein we can stop the redemptions. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Having said that, if you ask -- the way you ask that last 10 year of experience, how 
the investors would behave. Whenever we have seen that there is the spurt in the 
market, initial phase, there would be huge redemption. If you see last few months, we 
have seen the market going up and investors have also followed the similar way, that 
more and more people have redeemed, because when they see more returns on their 
portfolio, they come out and they redeem the investments. And this time also it is no 
different. 
The net sales, I think, I still would say that redemptions have increased, but at the 
same time, the fresh gross flows have come down. Again, this is nothing, but market 
behaviour. I think the initial phase of the market growth, the fresh gross flows comes 
down. But once the market stabilizes, either at this level or if we see some kind of 
correction, again it comes back. 
So we don't see any behavioural change -- big behavioural change in the investors' 
behaviour. And for us also, with the kind of efforts what we are making, it's the 
same. I won't say that we are doing something different compared to what we used to 
do earlier.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satyam Shubham from Immobile. 
Satyam Shubham: 
Yes. So sir, my question is around the direct flows. So as you have said that Prudent 
is mostly about direct flows in the mutual fund industry, from what I think is that, as 
and when the digitization picks up in the industry and younger folks come in and 
invest in the mutual funds, do you think this will have a negative impact on the direct 
side of the industry, as those folks might want to invest -- sorry, you are on the 
regular side, sorry -- on the regular side, and it might go from regular to direct. Do 
you think that could happen? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So as you said that the younger population goes to the direct, that is very, very 
right and that is the reason you would have seen that the growth of the direct plan is 
much higher than the regular plan. Having said that, whether it is impacting our 
business or the regular plan business, I think I would say no. If you look at the 
distributors' growth, or the regular plan AUM growth in the industry, that is also a 
sizable growth in that AUM as well versus that Prudent growth is far, far superior. 
Point is, whether all these Fintech platforms are eating our investors, our clients, 
probably the answer is no. Obviously, there could be few clients might have gone to 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
the direct plan to save that expense or the brokerage costs, but majority of the 
investors acquired by all these Fintechs are first-time investors. So we rather, I think 
we believe that this is more and more positive for us.  
Here if you look at, more and more clients are acquired by Fintechs, they start with 
Fintechs' direct plan. When they need some kind of advisory, some kind of 
handholding, obviously, some percentage of these clients might come back to the 
regular plan or the regular distribution. 
So here, yes, I think we strongly believe that the industry on the direct AUM will 
grow faster than the regular plan, but at the same time, we don't see any problem in 
the near foreseeable future, to Prudent and within regular plan, we are increasing our 
market share. But as such, we are not worried, and rather it is helping us to acquire 
more and more clients.  
Satyam Shubham: 
Okay. So have you seen folks switching from regular -- sorry, direct to regular in 
your experience in the past few years? 
Shirish Patel: 
So, many, many incidences wherein we have seen that the clients coming from the 
direct plan to the regular plan, and specifically when market correction comes. I think 
in this kind of market, we might not see that kind of trend, but when we see the 
market is corrected, I think, hypothetically, if today some investors are investing in 
the direct plan and after a few months or the quarters, if we see sizable redemption or 
sizable pressure in the market, market coming down, that kind of time, definitely we 
have seen more and more people coming to regular plan from the direct. And in past 
also we have seen and in future also we are confident that this kind of trend will 
continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, when we talk about INR1 lakh crores AUM in the next three years, how 
much of that growth are you looking from, say, getting into new geographies and/or 
scaling up in the geographies where the current share would be very less? So that 
would be my first question. And what is the kind of experience in the lower-tier cities 
when you look at average ticket size or lumpsum investments, how do you see the 
customer behaviour in those areas? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Shirish Patel: 
So if you see, there are two set of assumptions in this INR1 lakh crores AUM growth. 
One is the net sales and second is the mark-to-market. When you say that how is the 
experience from the Tier 2, Tier 3 locations, and as we communicated to you earlier, 
that in the last 3, 4 years Prudent expansion in the B30 market is very, very high, and 
the behaviour of the smaller locations is that normally they start with SIPs, once they 
get the confidence, they start with the lumpsum money. So in this year -- in these 
cities, if you see the contribution from SIP is much higher in terms of percentage 
share. 
Now with sizable SIP book & sizable experience -- reasonable experience is there to 
the investors, and more and more branches, what we opened in last few years, those 
branches also will contribute -- have started contributing in our business. All 3 
factors combined, we strongly believe that the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities' contribution to 
our kitty will be much, much higher compared to what it is currently. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And how much of your SIP would be coming from B30? 
Shirish Patel: 
Currently, I don't have the numbers handy, but probably around 23%, 24% kind of 
number comes from the B30 numbers. Still we need to res-check this number 
exactly. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Another clarification, possibly can you give on this insurance thing? So the yields 
have actually gone up and the profitability in that sense is actually -- will be higher 
on the insurance. It's not -- because some insurance companies’ kind of cited that this 
is more of a reclassification between what expenses they were paying earlier and 
commissions. So is this just a reclassification or the yields -- overall yields have gone 
up for you? 
Shirish Patel: 
On the insurance side, I can tell you the revenue has increased for us. We used to 
earn about 14% in GI, now the revenue is almost about 28%, 29%.. On the expenses 
side, because it's a high-margin business now, and we have a huge scope for us to 
expand insurance in our system, we started doing branding awareness in marketing 
through various financial professionals and our own POSP agents for creating more 
and more awareness for the insurance. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And lastly, in the past there has been discussions around creating a 
separate team or targeting certain -- a very small set of HNI customers for alternate 
assets. Where are we with respect to that, and what is the kind of future outlook that 
you would like to give for that particular thing? I understand that your base is 
primarily retail, but even a few HNI customers with each of your advisors or each of 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
your partners, can actually provide you a big opportunity in terms of distribution of 
these alternate assets as well. So that understanding would be helpful. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, Shirish? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So the last few years, as we communicated, we have increased our focus on the 
alternate channel -- alternate products. And if you see our current AUM, in the range 
of around INR470 crores, INR480 crores from this AIF, PMS segment, which used to 
be probably, you can say, INR30 crores, INR40 crores before few years. 
Incrementally, we have seen that more and more clients are participating in the PMS 
AIF side. If you see last year's business in 3 months, it's been growing very, very fast. 
The B2B channel also, many of our distributors have started adopting this particular 
product now, taking this particular product to their HNI. So we believe that this 
product is helping us two ways; one is increasing the productivity from our 
distributors. And secondly, all these products have got higher margin compared with 
the mutual funds. Both the way it is helping. And yes, I think the growth is 
reasonably good, rather I think far better than the expectations. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thank you so much... 
Sanjay Shah: 
And additionally, this is also helping us to, I think, position ourselves as a multiple 
financial product distributor, rather than a mutual fund distributor alone; because 
probably now for somebody who is looking at acquiring the higher ticket customers, 
he should go and talk about availability of all the product in his basket rather than 
only mutual funds. So that is helping us in acquiring the quality distributors also, and 
if they look at joining the platform. I think, because of availability of multiple 
products in our kitty, I think they give a preference to Prudent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saptarshee Chatterjee from Groww AMC. 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Sir, my question is, if you can talk about what is approximately our wallet share of 
the clients? Like I know the average ticket size is INR4 lakh. But what would be our 
wallet share of the clients? And the second part is, as our clients mature and move 
towards higher ticket size, do we also have plans to have -- like more towards wealth 
management, because as the clients mature, they will be taken away by the wealth 
management clients? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. So as you said that our average ticket size is around INR4 lakh per client, 
knowing the exact wallet share, because we strongly believe that no client will or 
majority of the clients will not tell you 100% of their wealth. Obviously, I think as a 
B2B channel, knowing what percentage of the clients have given the wealth to us, I 
think it's very, very difficult. So, probably, I think whatever number we will tell you, 
I think it is anybody's guess on that particular side. 
Second, as and when client becomes bigger and bigger, as you said, they definitely 
would want to have the product diversification apart from the mutual funds, and that 
is where we already have diversified into multiple products in last 3, 4 years, and 
today you see that Prudent offers almost all the products which is available in the 
financial distribution industry side. 
So yes, knowing the requirement of the clients for future, as and when they become 
bigger, all the products which is available in the wealth management basket should 
be available, and that we have made already available to our distributors. So, Yes, I 
think we are seriously focusing on these products as well in the last few years. 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood, sir. And secondly, if you can help us with your attrition percentage in 
clients, and if you can maybe bifurcate and give some colours, like where that is high 
or low in the -- like, higher ticket size clients as well as lower age group clients, 
whether it is higher on these 2 groups? 
Shirish Patel: 
So, incrementally, more and more clients are coming from the younger generation. If 
you look at our AUM mix and the new SIP mix, the clients' AUM in the age bracket 
of less than 25 or 25 to 35, the AUM contribution of these clients would be much, 
much lesser compared to the contribution in the SIP. Theoretically, or logically, I 
would say that most of the new clients coming to the industry by way of SIP, then the 
same thing is applicable to us as well. So, yes, more clients are coming through the 
smaller ticket size in SIP. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So there is one slide, number 33, which talks about composition of our customers and 
their AUMs. If you look at people less than 35 years, contribute about -- so they are 
almost about 25% of our customer base. Their AUM share is 15% but their SIP share 
is almost about 35%. So what we say is that the guy below 35 years has 35% of our 
SIP book, who is continuously going to be an investor for us -- with us for next 35 
years. So, that is basically a very cream segment. 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Yes. Got it, sir. Actually, my question was more on the attrition, side whether 
attrition is high on the lower age group or higher ticket size clients? 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Sanjay Shah: 
So attrition, it's very difficult for us to know about the attrition. Attrition you might 
define, when somebody redeem entire AUM from you and move to somewhere else, 
normally, that doesn't happen, because if you would have started something at one 
distributor, it might continue and he can find some other good adviser or good 
distributor -- he might start giving new business to them. 
However, if you look at -- because we service the bottom of the pyramid through our 
distributors. All probability that the they will remain hooked to our financial 
advisors, because they not only do a distribution of mutual funds, but they are also 
involved in many other products. So more or less, we believe that attrition would be 
very, very low. Unless somebody moves away from the market or somebody goes 
somewhere else, that numbers are very, very less may not be there probably.  
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood. Sir, broadly -- but approximately the number would be around maybe 
10% or something like that for attrition? 
Sanjay Shah: 
I don't think. I don't think, because you are talking about -- 10% is a very large 
number. What I can tell you is that how many number of investors we are adding 
incrementally that number I always have. So if you look at last year, we added close 
to about 190,000 customers. I think the run rate is adding almost about 15,000, 
20,000 people a month, and that run rate is still steady. 
So when we look at the addition of the customers, we only look at those customers 
who have AUM with me. So last month, there were, let's say, 17 lakh customers with 
AUM. This month, there is 17,15,000 customers with AUM, that way we just look at. 
So we have not looked at somebody who has become zero. So we can work on that to 
identify the data. 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood, sir. Very helpful. Just last question from my side is, like, for a long 
period of time, we are providing our recommendation list to the mutual fund 
distribution, which is a value addition to them, apart from our platform. Can you give 
us some data or quantify data in terms of how our recommendations have been 
outperforming the benchmarks? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So, I think roughly, if you look at, when you look at the recommendation, it's not 
recommendation, we provide the focus list about all the mutual funds which are 
available. We provide the list of curated schemes, like, let's say there'll be 5 schemes 
in large cap, 5 schemes in mid cap, 5 in small, so that way our list is almost about 50, 
55 funds, and definitely their performance is much, much better than the industry, 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
because yes, so it's a very broad list. It's not a list of 5, 6, 7 funds, it's a list of 55, 60 
funds. 
So what we wanted to look at would be that among the, let's say, there are 500 funds 
available, for our advisor, it is essential that we provide them the list, from them they 
have to choose. And that list is also based on almost about 15, 16 quantitative 
parameters, based on which we select the funds, and management also keeps some 5 
basis points to look at that so that the good fund manager, because of track record 
being not good should not be missed out. So it's a very defined process and there is 
no structured data, but I can provide you that data, the performance of these 50, 55 
funds is definitely better than the crowd. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Sanghavi from Banyan Tree 
Advisors. 
Viraj Sanghavi: 
Yes, my question was regarding the yields. So if you see the mutual fund yields, so I 
think for this quarter it's around 94 basis points, and same last year same quarter it 
was around 93 basis points. So while in the same last year, we had two other quarters 
where it was around 96 basis point as well. So just wanted to know that there is some 
positivity coming from the repricing of the acquired assets, right, while our original 
yield would be experiencing a little bit of pressure? So that is how it's working. And 
what do you think -- how will the yields pan out going ahead? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think the probably Shirish has also addressed, but I think more or less yield is 
flat. Another thing is that the new business, which we are logging in, would be 
probably reasonable -- I think might be little bit higher yield than the current book, 
because current book comprises of our Karvy AUM. Current book comprises of our 
old assets, which probably has a better chance of repricing. So Karvy and old book 
together, which is roughly about 30%, 35% of my current AUM. That's the reason, I 
believe, the new business might be at a somewhat higher yield than the current yield. 
Let Shirish address.  
Shirish Patel: 
Again, it's a mix of multiple parameters. Sanjay Bhai said that out of my total book, 
there would be certain assets which are very, very old, and the yield on that particular 
asset would be less. Second component, the acquired assets, whether Karvy and 
iFAST, there also the yield would be lesser. Third component, what we would have 
acquired in last 3, 4 years, that is the third component on the asset side. 
Whenever the older money gets churned, definitely our yield increases. Whenever 
the Karvy money gets churned, our yield is increasing. At the same time, the new 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
business yield, definitely because of the size of the AMC, because of the TER 
guidelines, the new business yield would be little lower than what we would have got 
in last few years. My money in last 2, 3 years ago, what we would have invested, if 
that goes out and goes in the current yield, obviously there is a drop in the yield. 
So to say that what would the exact impact going forward, money moving out of the 
historical assets will benefit, money moving out of the Karvy assets will benefit. It's a 
mix of these things. 
So we believe that our yield will be maintained for the next few quarters. But in the 
long run, we might see some pressure in the yield. I think it will not be sizable 
pressure in the yield. But yes, I think there could be some basis point pressure in the 
yield, because of the TER guidelines, new business, and longer term, we will earn 
lower brokerage compared to what we used to get before few years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
So first one is on the mutual fund side. Given the positive changes on the insurance 
front, are you seeing any sort of a substitution on the ground, given better incentives 
to replace mutual fund with a ULIP product? 
Sanjay Shah: 
We strongly believe that mutual funds are more remunerative than the ULIPs. So 
there is no point for us to focus on the ULIP side to increase the yield. Unlike few 
other players in the market, we always believed in the long term trend. And as I said, 
I think we still strongly believe that mutual fund is a more remunerative product for 
the distributor. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Even the MFDs are not seeing any change in behaviour as of now? 
Sanjay Shah: 
No, we have not seen any change in the behaviour moving from mutual fund to 
ULIPs. That trend we have not seen yet. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Sir, second one on the mutual fund side, generally between SIP and lumpsum 
flows, if you can give some colour on what is the level of concentration of AMCs, 
without giving names like top 3, top 5 on the lump-sum side, vis-a-vis on the SIP 
side. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So basically, if you see, I think we are a retail player in that particular case, when you 
look at our share in the industry, it definitely would follow what the industry AUM or 
the gross flows would be. See if I give you some perspective, the gross flows of my 
top 5 AMCs would be in the range of around 45% to 50% in terms of gross flows. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
And when you look at the SIP flows also, it almost would be the similar. And if you 
look at the industry numbers also on this side, probably it will be the similar. I think 
the AMC would vary in my particular case compared to the industry. In industry, X 
AMC would be number one. In my system, I think somebody else would be number 
one. But in totality, if you look at the percentage share of SIP and where is the gross 
sales, I think top 5 AMCs would be in the range of 45% to 50%. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And sir, last one, our commission structure is evenly spread out, right, like 
there is no higher commission in the first year, sort of, a thing? 
Shirish Patel: 
No. So it's a perpetual thing in almost all AMCs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
So, sir, just two questions. So sir, firstly, like you mentioned about the Karvy book. 
So like in the Karvy book, what is the extent of the repricing which we have done, of 
the INR 800 Crore which you have acquired? 
Shirish Patel: 
Sir, your voice was not clear. 
Sanjay Shah: 
I don't think Karvy -- we've not seeing significant redemptions. I think the AUM is 
steady and there are two pieces of Karvy assets, one is the Karvy assets which was 
mobilized by erstwhile Karvy distributors who became partners with Prudent. So 
once they became partner with Prudent, they might had some AUM with us and their 
AUM has been merged with them.. So it's very difficult to identify which AUM 
remain and which has not within the distribution and with the partners. 
And other piece which was -- the direct piece, which was not assigned to any 
advisors, we are still in the process of transferring the lead. I think there we have 
been seeing the business is steady. No new money is coming in, no significant 
redemption is there. So more or less book steady. So I don't think significant 
repricing we would have done in the Karvy side. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. And sir, second one was that, so like you mentioned in the insurance 
business that we have seen some increase in the marketing and business expense. So 
like -- will this expense will be structural in nature, and this will be a recurring 
expenditure in the going sense or it's just a one-off kind of an expenditure? 
Sanjay Shah: 
No, Lalit, I think marketing has to be a longer-term exercise, because one quarter's 
effort cannot lead you to any result. So I think it's going to be a longer-term exercise 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
of spending on branding and promotion, because we believe insurance has a lot of 
scope for us to grow in our system. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. And sir, just last question, like -- so while we are waiting for the newer TER 
guidelines, but -- are we seeing any pressure in the newer MFD additions in the 
industry because of these anticipated changes in -- like over the last 3 to 4 months? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 
Shirish Patel: 
You can say there are some pressure or some confusion amongst distribution 
community in last 3, 4 months. Historically, in this particular period -- because if you 
look at MFDs, many of them come from the insurance industry and most of the 
insurance industry was busy till March and then I think some part of April. So 
historically, April, May, June, the flows of the distribution addition will be less. But 
otherwise because of the TER guidelines, there will be a big drop in the acquisition 
or the addition, I think, I don't see the problem as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Ajox Frederick: 
No, what is our take rate? Because for mutual funds is 65% is given out right? In 
insurance, what is that? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So if you look at the insurance business, I think we have been working seriously for 
increasing our business through POSP and that segment is growing very, very fast. 
But still I think the contribution of POSP is still muted. So overall, I don't think the 
expenditure on the POSP side or the commission side will not be very, very high. 
Ajox Frederick: 
So all this INR16 crores which came in the quarter has been through direct -- I mean, 
through your employees. That's what... 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, employees, as well as POSP -- so BQP and POSP combined. 
Ajox Frederick: 
But POSP will be very small in that share, as of now? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay, okay. And this marketing spends which you mentioned, is it for the whole 
company or that is insurance specific in other expenses? 
Sanjay Shah: 
No, that is insurance-specific because it has been done by the insurance vertical, not 
by the holding company. It's by the insurance company for promotion of insurance 
business only as of now. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Ajox Frederick: 
So technically, going forward, is it right to assume that the insurance income minus 
this is what your net income is? Is that how it works, because I'm just comparing 
your last quarter versus this quarter AUM -- without EOM and with EOM? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Ideally, you should not link the income to the expenditure, because that's not the way 
this is going to be done. However, the expenditure on the business promotion side 
would be consistent in nature. 
Ajox Frederick: 
And that's a proportion of the insurance business, right? It's not fixed, it will vary in 
case insurance income goes up, right? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So that we'll probably -- quarter-on-quarter we will review our strategy. 
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhuvnesh Garg from Investec Capital. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, just one question from my side, just 
want to understand our commission arrangement with AMCs. Is it linked to TER? 
For example, as a 50% of TER, or is it a fixed commission, say, 50 bps, 60 bps or 
something? And what's the reset frequency of this arrangement? 
Shirish Patel: 
For all AMCs, it is based on the percentage commission, not on the TER. It is not 
repricing on the book. So every month, on the new business, the percentage is 
discussed or negotiated, not on the book. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Okay. Discussed every month, you are saying? 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes. It is on the new business. Nothing on our old business. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Got it. Got it. About what would be the arrangement with MFDs? 
Shirish Patel: 
MFDs also, we follow the similar model. So whatever we communicate as a 
percentage commission on the new business we keep on paying in a similar way. So 
whatever we would have committed 2 years back, we still will continue paying that, 
because the AMC also will continue paying us that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you very much for the detailed conversations. And if you have any queries, 
any questions related to financials, you may reach out to Parth, who will be happy to 
answer and address all your queries. Thank you very much. Thank you. 

 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
ICICI Securities Ltd., that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
