ft-m- 77E0-4r a)441 	
s 
(417a. wctm 	
dList)44) 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
ItATff 	
mt41-1 c>uIMu : 	
f
"crTzli 	
87, 	TEM, it>1J,1-4 - 400 001. 
Regd. & Head Office : New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
3TIFITrerffg 
Phone : 022 2270 8100 
022 2270 8400 
Website : www.newindia.co.in  
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2023-24 	
24th August, 2023 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 21st August 2023 
With reference to our letter dated August 18, 2023, intimating you about the 
conference call with Analysts/Investors held on August 21, 2023, please find 
attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Jayashree Nair 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
Digitally signed by 
JAYASHREE ANIL NAIR 
Date: 2023.08.24 11:44:55 
+05'30'

NEIN INDIA ASSURANCE 
ft 9 Pr 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
0). NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
fTt:liewIclind7As7urt'ric4le Co. Ltd 
The New India Insurance Company Limited 
21' Aug 2023 
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
Management: 
• 
Ms. Neerja Kapur — Chairman & Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Titus Francis, Director, GM and Chief Financial Officer 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
Z; 
flew Ind/alsslra.nce fAI:465„ 
The New India Insurance Company Limited 
21' Aug 2023 
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
Moderator: 	
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for The New India 
Assurance Company Limited Earnings Call for 01 FY24. I'm Nirav, your moderator for this call. 
We have with us today Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Titus Francis, 
Director, GM and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the executive team. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward-
looking statements based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to risks 
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our latest 
exchange filing for more information on these risks. At this moment, all participants are in listen 
only mode. Later, we will conduct a question & answer session. At that time, if you have a 
question, please press "*" and "1" on your telephone keypad. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone phone. I would now like to hand the floor 
over to Ms. Neerja Kapur for some opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, madam. 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you! A very good evening to all. Thank you very much for joining us today for the earnings 
call of the The New India Assurance Company Limited where we will discuss our Quarter 1 
financial results for the financial year '23-'24. I am Neerja Kapur, Chairperson and Managirg 
Director, and along with me is Mr. Titus Francis, Director and GM & CFO. 
Firstly, I would like to thank all the participants who have taken time out for attending this con 
call. I would also like to express my gratitude to our valued shareholders, analysts and investors 
for your continued support and interest in our organization. There has been remarkable growth 
in the Indian insurance sector over the past few years. However, India still remains under 
penetrated with general insurance penetration around 1%. IRDA, the regulator and 
Government of India, along with the various insurers, are taking many steps to help increase 
insurance cover, bring down the cost of premium and educate people about the importance of 
insurance. Furthermore, we are witnessing increasing disposable income, increasing cost of 
medical expenses, alongside awareness and willingness of the new generation to opt for a 
health cover. All this has helped increase the penetration level to some extent. We firmly 
believe that this will only increase substantially with time. 
2 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
‘*1.3,47 tivalTm >s 1 f?tfia2.6 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
I'm happy to report that New India is again a market leader with the highest market share in 
general insurance industry with an industry market share of 16.16% with gross domestic direct 
premium underwritten at Rs. 10,378 crores for the first quarter. 
Coming to the segment wise growth. Motor OD, that's own damage, registered highest growth 
of 38%, followed by Motor Third Party at about 9%. Health & Personal Accidents showed a 
growth of 8% and Others, including miscellaneous lines of policies, registered a growth of 7% 
and Fire at 4%. 
New India continues to be conservative and guarded when it comes to Group Mediclaim. Some 
key ratios which I would like to highlight are as follows. Combined ratio for the quarter was 
115.5%. Commission ratio stood at 7.49% as compared to 6.56% in the Quarter 1 of last 
financial year. Expense ratio reported for the first quarter stands at 11.77%. This was at 12.38% 
in the corresponding quarter of the last financial year. Solvency ratio improved to 1.85 in the 
first quarter as compared to 1.72 in the first quarter of last financial year. And ROE stood at 
5.26% as compared to 2.58% in the same period last year. 
Profit after tax more than doubled to Rs. 260 crores versus Rs. 119 crores for the same quarter 
last year, registering a growth of 118.5%. Net worth was Rs. 41,255 crores and the investment 
assets were Rs. 90,152 crores as of 30th of June 2023. The overall ICR for the first quarter stood 
at 96.19% as compared to 94% of the corresponding period in the last year. 
Our focus for the rest of the year is on the following initiatives. Firstly, to focus on the growth 
of our agency and bancassurance lines. Speedy claim settlement, we will be focusing on 
improving our turnaround time and ICR, better customer satisfaction and improving the 
settlement ratio to 95%, which it has been in all the past year. App-based motor claim 
settlement for smaller value claims and also increasing our digital footprint. 
Various new products have been launched recently in health, Aatmanirbhar policy for the 
physically challenged. We are also working on introducing various add-on covers in the health 
policy as well as revisions in our top up covers. Miscellaneous products as well as property 
specific products and add-ons to cater to market demand are in the pipeline. Going forward, 
our focus will remain on digital initiatives, streamlining processes for increased efficiency and 
strengthening our sales force. 
I would also like to convey to our stakeholders that New India is fundamentally robust and 
strategically well poised to cater to the general insurance needs of the country, offering the 
best insurance solutions to its customers. With this, I would request our Director, GM and CFO, 
Mr. Titus, to present the financials of Q1FY24. 
3 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
fk 	
evrtrrRi 	
Whas 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Titus Francis: 
Good evening to all. Thank you once again for joining the earnings call for the first quarter. 
We're just going through the investor PPT and the overview of New India. We are the largest 
general insurance company in India with an established brand and expansive multi-channel 
distribution network and a strong international presence. We are #1 in India in terms of net 
worth domestic gross direct premium, highest number of offices, as well as maximum number 
of claims settled. We have almost 1,900 plus offices in India. We are into the 105th year of 
operation. We have issued —30 million policies in FY 2023 across all product segments and we 
have a presence in 25 countries including a box at Lloyds, London. 
If we go through the segment wise performance, we are the market leaders in almost all the 
major segments. We have a market share of 16.16% as of June, which is highest among all the 
companies. We are leaders in fire, marine, engineering, motor, health, including personal 
accident and aviation and other miscellaneous. 
Our future strategy continues to be increasing the return on equity by maintaining or increasing 
the market share and leveraging the benefits of economies of scale driven by growth by 
rationalizing of operating offices, maintaining healthy solvency margin and increasing our 
digital penetration, leveraging technology to drive customer satisfaction, profitability and 
growth. 
Coming to the business mix of the company; We have fire at 18%, marine at 2%, motor at 22%, 
Health & PA at 49% and others at 9%. Our distribution mix is direct at 35%, agency 22%, broker 
35%, dealer 7% and bancassurance 1%. 
The movement in technical reserves: Technical reserves as of June is Rs. 49,508 crores, which 
shows that the company is adequately provided for. The financial snapshot shows that in 
Quarter 1 of June'23, we had a PAT of Rs. 260 crores against Rs. 118 crores in last June, it's 
almost more than double the profit on a Y-o-Y basis. Furthermore, in March '23, we reported a 
PAT of Rs. 1,055 crores against Rs.. 164 crores PAT as of March '22, signalling a turnaround 
reporting good profits. 
Our key ratios. The incurred claim ratios in Quarter 1 FY24 have slightly increased to 96% from 
94.05% last June. Our commission ratio is at 7.49% against 6.56% last June and our expense 
ratio is 11.77% against 12.32% last June. 
Combined ratio is at 115.45. It has come down from 117.15 in March '23. Solvency ratio has 
also improved from 1.72 in June'22 to 1.85 in June '23 and our ROE has also improved to 5.26% 
from 2.52% last June. Coming to the segment wise information, we have shown accretion in all 
the segments and already informed by CMD madam, accretion is more in motor as well as 
health line of business and we are grown in almost all these lines of business except for motor, 
which 
4 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
16(3w uctriziO4-411i 	
t1k s 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
is flat. And ICR also, there has been a slight increase in the ICR in motor. TP as well as health, 
overall, almost 2% increase in ICR. And that's the brief of the New India's performance for June 
'23. Thank you very. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sanket Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Sir, my question is largely with respect to the loss ratios. Just wanted to understand though, the 
motor 00 has grown year-on-year for us, but the loss ratio which is more than 100, is 
meaningfully very high. And so just wanted to understand chasing growth in such an 
environment where loss ratios are very high is logically right or do you think this thing will 
improve as the time will progress? That's on motor OD. 
On TP, just wanted to understand suddenly you have sharply increased the loss ratio from 84 to 
95. Is it largely because you don't have a price hike? The wage inflation or trade inflation is 
biting us and that's the reason you have provided more in the Quarter 1 leading to the higher 
motor TP loss ratio. And lastly, you can throw a little more light on the health also. What we 
have heard is that the Group health pricing has improved only. Despite price improvement for 
the industry as a whole, you are seeing a higher loss ratio compared to the last year. So, if you 
can explain about these 3 products, why the loss ratios are relatively higher, it will be useful 
and how you look it to happen going ahead? 
Neerja Ka pur: 
Thank you for the question. Neerja here. I will answer all the 3. Regarding Motor OD, yes, the 
claim ratio, it's above 100, but if you compare it to the Quarter 1 of last year vis-a-vis the 
Quarter 1 of this year, there is substantial reduction of 4 points from 116 to 112. We are taking 
a lot of steps in correcting the ICR going forward. But we have to understand that there has to 
be a balance between growth as well as the loss ratio. 
For a long time, for nearly 3 to 4 years, our motor portfolio, we have not been able to grow 
substantially in that particular segment. But with the steps that we have taken with our 
constant endeavours to improve our footprint here, we have been able to show good increase 
in the motor segment and we believe that this would give better results going forward. A lot of 
steps are being taken to reduce the ICR and motor OD, particularly price corrections and we 
now have a very dynamic tool for price correction. Based on the cluster where the claim ratios 
are higher, we will be taking corrective action there and this is a dynamic process which will be 
addressed on a daily, weekly and a fortnightly basis. 
We are also looking at balancing our portfolio mix so that we have more profitable segments 
which are underwritten. And yes, this takes a little time because the policies are issued for 
5 

00  ND INDIA ASSURANCE 
fi~muftm elml, 	
-24 TO-41 f dZZs 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Sanket Godha: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Sanket Godha: 
Annually - fora year. So, if any correction is done, it takes about 3 to 4 months for that correction 
to actually result in results which can be seen. 
We are looking to underwrite more 2 wheelers which is relatively a profitable segment, and 
we've also introduced Al based claims assessment which will help to increase the turnaround 
time for the claim settlement and also will address ICR issues and help to reduce the ICR 
because the claims will be settled much faster and in a much better way. 
Regarding the motor, the query on motor TP, yes, the price not having increased does impact 
this particular segment and we are seeing that after the COVID case. The pandemic period has 
been over. The courts are now fully functional and we are seeing slight uptick in the interest 
rates which are being given in the awards because of the inflationary trends which are there in 
the country. 
So, yes, we are seeing an increase there, but we are again trying to increase our third-party 
premium and especially in the 4-wheeler, private car - the third-party premium is for 3 years 
and for 2-wheeler policies, it's for 5 years. So, we are increasing our footprint in the OEM 
segment in the dealer segment where you get new vehicle policies. Third question was? 
So, ma'am, just before getting to that health part, means you're saying that you'll probably gain 
market share in 2 wheelers and private cars and get to the 5-year and 3-year policy, which 
means that with the change in expense of management rules, are we seeing a trend that that 
you are able to penetrate better into dealer channel or OEM channel compared to what it was 
in the past? 
Yes, there has been an improvement in our dealer channel. We have seen an increase. Yes, the 
dealers' segment, we have seen an increase from 41%, it has gone up to about 47% and the 
retail channel also proportionately, there's a change. 
And my first question was on health. Last year, it was almost 100% loss ratio. It is now 105 and 
what we believe is that group health has seen a better pricing trend for the industry as a whole 
compared to what it was last year. So, despite that, there is a deterioration. Just wanted to 
understand what it is. And lastly given you have delivered almost a combined of 115 in the 
current quarter, do we expect it to improve and by what percentage or what is your guidance 
for the full year to combine to be maintained? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
So, in the health line of business, we will definitely see an improvement in the days to come, 
months to come as well as the quarters to come because our retail pricing, which we had 
increased after a period of nearly 6 years of static pricing that has kicked in from 1st of April for 
new policies and for renewals, it will be kicking in from the 1st of July. So, definitely that impact 
6 

NBAI INDIA ASSURANCE 
fk.1*P3.‘ tit rea-41 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
of improvement in the retail pricing is going to have a very positive impact in the coming 
months and we overall expect the ICR ratio to improve. 
Coming to the combined ratio, of course, this is a very forward making a statement and dynamic 
market becomes extremely difficult. But we are looking at improving our combined ratio, that's 
the target for this year. Overall, we would be looking at reducing the combined ratio. 
Sanket Godha: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Sanket Godha: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Sanket Godha: 
Now what is our weighted average price hike in both renewal and new business what we are 
taking in retail health? 
Its ranges from different age segments. Its average price increase would range between 25% to 
30%. 
Average both for new and renewal, madam, right? 
Yes. 
And finally, some data keeping questions, Sir, if you can break down your loss ratio or domestic 
and overseas and similarly combined ratio domestic and overseas. And finally, if you can give 
me the quantum of capital gains booked in the current quarter? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
What was the final question? 
Sanket Godha: 	
The capital gains booked in the current quarter, ma'am. 
Titus Francis: 	
Sanket, the capital gains booked till the current quarter is Rs. 753 crores. 
Sanket Godha: 	
And sir, can you give the breakup of loss ratio broken down into foreign and domestic and 
similarly combined ratio, sir? 
Titus Francis: 	
Just a minute. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Shall I give? 
Titus Francis: 	
Yes. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
The Indian was 115 and the foreign was 116, combined ratio. 
Sanket Godha: 	
Loss ratio, ma'am? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Loss ratio for the first quarter, right? 
Sanket Godha: 	
Yes, first quarter. 
7 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
erctrrm ahr41 f hiirtS 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Neerja Kapur: 	
The foreign is 85 and Indian was 97. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from line of Amit from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit: 	
I have 2 questions. My first question is on the ROE. In our stated strategy or goal is to improve 
ROE. And so, just wanted to understand what are the top 2-3 factors that we are banking on to 
improve ROE? And subset of that is like do we have internal targets to have a combined ratio 
below 110 in next say 2-3 years? 
Titus Francis: 
The ROE will basically depend on the ICR as well as the combined ratio. So, we are targeting to 
bring down the combined ratio and as of now, it is 115. So, by the year end, we have to bring it 
down to at least to around 110 to increase the ROE. So, this is what we will be aiming at, of 
course, as Madam said, being a dynamic matter market, we'll have to see how it grow along 
the way. But our endeavour is to bring down the combined ratio. 
Amit: 	
And in terms of ICR, because we have already increased prices on some of the portfolios, so 
like considering our market share, what is the pricing power that we enjoy like typically a 20%-
25% increase that we have done on some of the portfolio, will that lead to far better ICR? 
Neerja Kapur: 
See, in some segments, yes, you're seeing an uptake of about 20% - 25%, but in other segments 
it is lesser. So, overall, we expect to see an increase in the range of 10% to 12% and yes, 
definitely there would be an improvement in the ICR because we are focusing on the segments 
which we are of the view will improve our bottom line and we are still in the process of letting 
go or shedding of such accounts or such renewals which are impacting the bottom line 
repeatedly over many, many years. 
Amit: 	
And if I can squeeze in one more. Just wanted to understand what is the unrealized capital gains 
as on today or as of the quarter end? 
Titus Francis: 	
It's around Rs. 20,000 crores. 
Amit: 	
So, for that, so typically when we look at some of the private sector players, okay, they have far 
significantly lower unrealized capital gains. So, what is the internal thought process on this? 
Because significant amount of that essentially has not shown through P&L. Whereas we see 
private sector where unrealized is significantly lower. So, any thoughts on that current year and 
going forward. 
Titus Francis: 	
Unrealized gains have been built up over a number of years in our case. Private sector, they 
have a lower number of years, so we have huge legacy investments and this is built up over a 
large number of years. So, we cannot realize it in one particular year so much. So, as the market 
progresses, we have to keep on churning the portfolio. So, that's why because of the large 
8 

NEW INDIAASSURANCE 
1;f'44121 evalTRT *741 q19,1 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
volumes and large number of years, we are in operation, our unrealized gains are higher than 
the private one. 
Amit: 	
But after Rs. 20,000 crores, most of it will be listed, right? 
Titus Francis: 	
Most of them are listed. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Kiran Naik from Kiran Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kiran Naik: 	
Thank you for giving me an opportunity, sir. I would like to ask, ma'am, whether the premiums 
we charge on all the segments are same as the private ones or we charge more than the private 
payers? 
Neerja Kapur: 
Kiran Naik: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Moderator: 
Shubham: 
Premium rates, sees we are in a competitive market. Obviously, the rates are going to be on 
similar lines and in some segments, we would be competitive than another insurer; in another 
segment, they could be more competitive. But by and large, the market it's a function of 
demand and supply. So, yes, the pricing would be quite similar. 
How much is the market share in the general insurance sector? 
Last year, it was 13.42%. As in the end of the first quarter, it is 16.16%. 
Next question is from the line of Shubham from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
So, I have 2 questions. One, what is your corporate and retail sector break up in your policies? 
And the second one is you mentioned that you're focusing more on your digital initiatives. So, 
just wanted to get a sense like how are we planning this and where do we see these digital 
initiatives helping us in the years to come? Like what would be the increase in the policy sales 
that we expect in the year. 
Neerja Kapur: 
The first question was regarding how much is the share of the corporate business. Total share 
would be in the range of 38% to 40% of our total business. Retail would be in the range of 60%, 
62%. It varies from time to time, but approximately in the same ratios. We are taking lot of 
digital initiatives and like I mentioned, we are deploying artificial intelligence for doing motor 
OD claim surveys up to Rs. 50,000. This is currently in the pilot phase. And it will be rolled out 
to all our offices within a month's time once the pilot phase is over. Then we are also having 
analytics enabled pricing. We have an Oracle analytics enabled tool which has been introduced 
or actually driving pricing for the motor OD pricing which I mentioned earlier in the dynamic 
stage and we will be utilizing this tool going forward for working out the pricing in different 
segments. We also have an analytics-enabled MIS tool, which for both agency verticals as well 
as Motor OD claims and which helps us to analyse on a real time basis all the data that we have 
9 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
$1?.n erch-rRi zetata,taas 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
and we are integrating going forward. We are integrating with ONDC and we are planning to 
commence insurance products on ON DC also. 
We are in a very active discussion with them to onboard our retail products. We have recently 
relaunched our website and it's a very revamped website and it's linked to chatbot. It is capable 
of doing natural language processing. Similarly, various initiatives like network augmentation 
and also aligning with government initiatives or Jal Suraksha portal integration that has been 
completed in UAC, and we're also aligning through IRDA and with all the other general insurers 
for the sandbox integration within its exchange. Many such other measures are in place where 
we expect the overall policy increase, our digital footprint to increase by at least 10% to 15% 
a nnually. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Hiren Trivedi, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hiren Trivedi: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Hiren Trivedi: 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, my first question is regarding the wage revision that has taken place earlier and the new 
wage structure for the employees. So, how much of that has been already covered and how is 
it going impact overall going forward in the next 1 or 2 years? 
Our wage revision which was implemented last year, total outgo including the increase in wages 
as well as the areas which we had to pay from August 17th onwards along with the pension 
liabilities that we have for our retired employees. That was a total outgo of about Rs. 3,445 
crores. And that was fully absorbed in last year. So, we have not done any amortization. We 
took the entire hit of the rate revision in the last full year. Nothing has been carried forward for 
the subsequent years. And we have also made provision in our balance sheet last year itself for 
any increase in wages in the coming years. 
My second question is regarding government is still holding around 85.4%. So, any 
developments with regards to a new offer for sale in the newer future to comply with the listing 
norms to bring it down to maybe 75%? 
That is the question we'll have to ask Government of India and it's something for them to 
answer. But as of now, there is nothing in the immediate future; maybe going forward, there 
would be depending upon our further discussions with them. And regarding your first question 
also, I would like to add, I think I did not mention that we had earlier about I think five years 
back, we had the one-time pension option. So, that time, it was amortized over a period of 5 
years, and we have an amount of Rs. 401 crores, which was amortized every year. So, this year 
that Rs. 401 crores will be the last year it will be impacting our books. Going forward, there will 
be no more amortization. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
10 

,€) NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
LTI*Iart,O 4 	
rt air4t fiqtrts 
The New India Assuranco Co. Ltd 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Just 1 question from my side. Could you please touch upon the recent surge in the North Indian 
region. Do we see any significant losses from that, if you can quantify this time? 
Yes, there have been heavy rains and inundation in northern region. And in the first quarter, 
actually, we did have the impact of cyclone Biparjoy also in Gujarat. But we have found in the 
claims that were reported to us cyclone Biparjoy. Initially, the claim amounts are quite huge, 
but then subsequently when the claim settlements are done it is, substantially lesser. In 
Northern India also, there are claims which have been reported and we will be getting a better 
picture in the days to come. But we have to understand that every year there is losses due to 
floods. We have been seeing catastrophic losses due to floods in the last many years, practically 
every year. And we have a reinsurance cover for catastrophic claims. So, we do not see it majorly 
impacting our books. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Sriram R, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sriram R: 	
I just have 1 question. Can you break up your health segment into group and retail in terms of 
share of revenue? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
For the first quarter, we have a total premium of about Rs. 5,300 crores out of which retail is 
about Rs. 600 crores, the government business is about Rs. 700 crores and the group Mediclaim 
policies are about Rs. 4,000 crores. 
Sriram R: 	
And for the full year FY23? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Fully year FY23, it would be in a similar proportion. I can give you that breakup. Just a minute. 
Full year, we did about Rs. 16,682 crores, out of which I have exact figures, group was Rs. 11,688 
crores, government premium was about Rs. 2,240 crores and the retail premium was Rs. 2,754 
crores. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. Thank you all for being a part of the conference call. If you need any further 
information or clarification, please e-mail francis.titus@newindia.co.in. Ladies and gentlemen, 
this concludes your conference today. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
11 
