Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Computer Age Management Services Limited 
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMCHARAN SR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANISH SAWLANI – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NACHIKET KALE – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Computer Age Management Services 
Limited Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call organized by Orient Capital. We have on the call 
with us today, Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director; Mr. Ramcharan SR, CFO; Mr. Anish 
Sawlani, Head, Investor Relations. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions, after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nachiket Kale from Orient Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Nachiket Kale 
Hi, good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call for CAMS. 
As mentioned today from the management, we have with us Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing 
Director; Mr. Ramcharan SR, CFO, and Mr. Anish Sawlani, Head of Investor Relations. 
 
Before we proceed to start the call, I'd like to give a small disclaimer that this conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date. These statements are not guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. A detailed 
disclaimer has also been published in the investor presentation, which was released to the stock 
exchanges. I hope everybody had a chance to go through the presentation. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director. Thanks, everyone. And 
over to you, sir. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Okay. Thanks, Nachiket, for making the introductions. Good morning, everyone. I appreciate 
all of you joining this earnings call for the first quarter of the current financial year. We also 
expect that you have the opportunity to download the presentation either from the website or 
from other available places and that you have a copy readily available that will you'll be able to 
reference. I will certainly call out the charts that I am intending to cover while we go through 
this presentation. 
 
I will start by talking of the overall macro picture in terms of what's happened in 1Q. I am on 
Chart number 6 of the presentation. You may have noticed that CAMS won RTA mandates, 2 
RTA mandates in the first quarter, one from Angel One, the other from Torus Oro, both of them 
are new to industry entrants, both have applied for a license or in different stages of obtaining 
that license. This then takes us to a position where CAMS has won 4 of the last 6, like you may 
have noticed, of RTA mandates coming from new mutual funds or applied for a license. It's a 
great vindication of the belief the market has in our capabilities, when it comes to our position. 
And obviously, it's a key highlight for the quarter. 
 
Another noticeable thing apart of these wins that happened was, again, you may have noticed 
because these are public figures, that our share -- annual share of the market kept up from 68.3% 
to 68.7%, largely riding on net sales in the quarter, and I'll cover this later in detail as we skip to 
the main section after up and down with this. On Alternatives, overall, we had a solid 19% year-
on-year revenue growth. And coming on the back of 2 previous successful years, I think this 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
quarterly growth, it is again just sound testament to the belief the market has in our capabilities. 
Overall, 27 wins. I'll go to the link in just a bit when we come to that section. But overall, 27 
new wins in the vertical we recorded between the CAMS team and the Fintuple team together 
during the quarter. 
 
If I move forward on CAMSPay, which is our payments service, we saw a 25% year-on-year 
revenue growth. So 2 of the non-MF businesses, Alternatives grew 19% on the mark of 2 years 
of -- previous 2 years of solid growth in revenue in the business; Payments grew 25% year-on-
year. And overall, from a share perspective, and from an offering perspective, digital footprint 
and offered through API, E-mandate, and specifically, UPI autopay, which we believe and the 
market believes will, over a period of time, become the accepted way of paying for FIPs and 
other various forms of recurring payments. I think there's significant success in expanding our 
reach and kind of establishing the offerings among the clientele form a CAMSPay perspective. 
 
CAMS KRA, which traditionally for the last -- almost a decade sold to and serviced mutual 
funds. That was a core franchise. The last about 1 year, we attempted hard to break into other 
segments. What are the other segments? Other segments of the capital markets, fintechs, 
brokerages, those 2 essential. And further break-in, I think has been successful, 40%. Of course, 
40% year-on-year revenue growth in CAMS KRA, emerging, of course, the solid underpinning 
of the mutual fund growth anyway is there. But I think the large part of the growth comes from 
the fintechs and brokerages. 
 
You may have also seen some focused PR and releases from our side on the 10-minute KYC, 
which is essentially an industry-first, an AI-embedded solution, which helps us onboarding in 
consumer within 10 minutes, to become investment ready and takes away one of the control 
scales that industry had for a long time and obviously allows selling entity as in a mutual fund 
and brokerage to turn around an account very quickly and get the investor to start participating. 
 
Rep on insurance, while you know that any final decision on dematerialization of insurance 
policies is still not firmly out, so we don't know this. There is no firm announcement yet. We 
continue to wait. I think overall, we saw almost doubling of both EIA accounts and insurance 
policies, almost unilaterally done between us, the manufacturers and individuals who are buying 
insurance. So there was just that momentum. It is not momentum driven by regulation. So good 
numbers. But of course, we continue to wait for them. 
 
I'll slip forward on Think360. Two of the major callouts that this was an investment we had 
announced in March, concluded in April of this year. So essentially, the first concluded quarter 
for Think360 to be part of the CAMS Group. We won a contract. This is a third PSU bank. These 
are extremely competitive, hard fought bids. 
The third bank, between Bank of Baroda, Central Bank and Canara Bank, has adopted Kwik.ID 
as a product for a video onboarding and video KYC. Video KYC, as you know, is fast replacing 
traditional most of KYCs in banks. And of course, the volumes there are different to what we 
see in capital markets. So the third PSU bank who had adopted this. And additionally, for our 
alternative credit scoring product, which is Algo360, we won mandate from SBI cards, one of 
the top 2 issuers of credit cards in India. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Amongst the many other wins, but I will not talk of everything. Kreditbee also is one of the top 
5, 6 lending fintechs, , chose to opt for Algo360. 
 
From an account aggregator perspective, the space continues to bulge. I will talk a little bit more 
on the specific product and business chart. But 25 overall new sign-ups. And then you must see 
some focus here from our side, CAMSfinserv during the Technoviti Awards. This was -- 
Frontiers award for one of the use case for unique Bank Validation. 
 
On NPS, we continue to retain the number 2 position in eNPS. Makes inroads into the POP and 
corporate segment, almost 48% to 50% of new subscriptions into NPS are coming from the retail 
POP channel, of course, in eNPS, we continue to hold the number 2 position. 
 
On digital, I think continuing good story. CAMS digital properties continue to climb, about an 
8% quarter-on-quarter growth. myCAMS now at over 6 million registrations. And MFCentral 
APIs, you know that, while the business MFCentral, you can also use the utility in a indirect 
way through a lot of RIA and fintech kind of partners, over 1.5 million hits on the API side, 
which is a great multiplication of the API architecture. And that mode of users growing and 
getting accepted in the marketplace. 
It was also a very solid, I would say, very satisfying quarter from an awards and recognition 
perspective. A lot of this you've seen. Ramcharan, who is here with me, was recognized as one 
of the best CFOs in the country in a specific segment. 
 
Business World awarded us the HR Excellence award, especially for our work towards employee 
communities. This is an initiative taken internally over the last about 1.5 years. We won the ET 
Datacon award. And then I spoke about the Banking Frontier’s Technoviti award for CAMS 
FinServ. Also again, you may have noticed -- very exclusive recognition. Think360 became the 
only India -- the only Indian company to be recognized by Fintech Global in the list of the top 
100 global fintechs. So there was a list of top 100 global fintechs. The only Indian company to 
get recognized, I think. Like I said, you have noticed some of those. 
 
I'll move on to Chart number. 8. And while spoke about market share expansion of 68.3% to 
68.7%, what made this happen is a set of foundational metrics instead of metrics which don't 
just influence the current quarter, but are likely to influence future quarters and future years. 
And I'll just talk between this chart and next, about 3 or 4 of these key ones. 
 
What you see at the bottom is essentially the flow or the net sales market share. So stock-to-
stock Flow at the top of this. On equity, this market share, you can see in the bar chart, it was 
73% in the last quarter and went up to 99% in the current quarter. And of course, we're not 
expecting 99% to repeat itself, but for a quarter, a fantastic number. 73% is also not a bad 
number, a great number too. So this grew 99%. And this incremented flow, obviously, is a 
contributor to the market share going up. 
 
Similarly in debt, the share went up significantly as you can see, again, from 37% to 78% debt 
net sales. So foundational numbers, they have to hold out for a quarter or 2 more. But I think 
from a quarterly perspective, just gave significance to the overall AUM market share. When you 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
see transactions, that's a good story, too. We are holding out very well from about 124 million 
in the last quarter to about 128 million, so that's almost 0.5 crores quarter-on-quarter growth on 
transactions. 
And when you see unique investors, we added almost 9.6 lakh investors during the quarter, a 
much larger number than the previous quarter. But again, a large number of unique investors 
with the net sales flow. In equity, greater net sales flow in debt and an expanding market share 
in all those places, I think, is just great vindication to what's happened in the market. But it's also 
foundationally a solid debt, which should continue helping our business in the trailing quarter. 
 
I'll slip to the next and -- what you can -- on the chart you can see to the Chart  number. 9. Again, 
I'll talk about volumes and shares. New SIP registrations. You know that this is 1 single metric, 
which is really represented the middle and border of the pyramid participation in mutual funds 
in India, growing quite well. 
If you see absolute SIP registrations from about 40 lakhs to 47 lakhs, 4Q to 1Q. But again, 
significant increase in share, 62-and-some-change growing to 65.2%. So in terms of share 
change in new SIP registration is almost 3% up. And again, a foundational metric, which people 
will continue to contribute into our share of the industry for many quarters to come. 
 
Gross sales, similar track. Of course, the growth isn't as big as 3%, but you see gross sales moved 
up from INR24,600 crores to about INR25,800 crores. So almost over INR1,000 crores up, and 
a share almost 1% up from 58.8% to 59.7%. So all the last 4 or 5 things that I've shown you, net 
sales on equity, net sales and debt, absolute count of MS investors, SIP -- new SIP gross 
registration count and gross sales and SIP, which is great metrics in terms of foundational 
activity. 
 
Similarly, you see live SIPs growing from, whatever, 3.5 crores to 3.73 crores. New Folios has 
grown to almost, in terms of being at 65%. And like I said, these are both operating metrics and 
financial metrics. 
 
I'll move to next quickly. I have spoken about this, so I will not dwell for too long. 68.7% market 
share, up from 68.3%, largely driven by what's happened in equity, where you've seen -- if you 
see the bottom part of the right-hand side, in equity, our year-on-year growth is significantly 
ahead of industry. Industry at 19.5%, CAMS at 22.9%. So that's almost 3.5% up year-on-year. 
Similarly quarter-to-quarter, almost 0.6% up. That's really the defining trend, which will kind of 
change things for us in the last quarter. 
 
Move to the next, please. And again, I will not dwell for too long on all of this. You've seen it 
across the board year-over-year, high double-digit growth. But also I think quarter-on-quarter, 
any growth which is upwards of 4% to 5% is significant in terms of -- given a full length to the 
ensuing quarter, which we will see in the current quarter. So overall strong, point north and all 
green for the next year. 
 
I will quickly stop by maybe for a minute each on the next 6 charts and give you any commentary 
that I've not given you yet. We spoke about the 19%, revenue growth in alternatives coming on 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
the back of 2 previous successful years. Just in terms of counts, and these counts continue to 
grow. Over 400 unique funds are serviced by us, almost 150 fund houses. 
So a lot of repeat purchase happening there. Almost INR1.75 lakh crores of assets under service, 
which is a large part of the current outsourced market. Digitally, over 90 installations of CAMS 
Wealthserv counts -- we're about to announce version 2.0 of this product, to be in the market 
soon with an expanded suite of capabilities. 
But in the last 2 years, almost at the rate of about 1 a week, 1 every eight days. We've got these 
installations as some of the funds, both the MF and AIFs. Almost 25% to 30% of the new traffic 
now comes digitally, which is great a vindication to the adoption of the market has done overall, 
-- we often continues to remain bolstered. 
 
I do want to call out that we have chosen to go ahead with a very -- I would say, well accepted 
solid robust platform called Multifonds. This is a product of Temenos. And the reason we 
brought it here for our own use and for the use of our clients in GIFT city, but also outside of 
that is that for multi-country, multicurrency kind of fund accounting, we wanted the best in breed 
to be offered to consumers, which is what we've brought it now and everything is done is now 
on offer to our clientele. And on between CAMS and Fintuple, we continue to be the digital 
transformation partners for the alternatives industry. 
 
Our total account aggregators, 25 new wins during the quarter. We were also the first account 
aggregator to go live with mutual funds. Mutual fund data is now available. And you can try 
some of those downloading your own portfolios here in South. The industry is growing. Very, 
very different use cases are emerging, so Multi-FIP Consents, Single journey. You know that in 
the world of digital and fintech, journeys are very important. You don't want a consumer to 
repeat a step 2 times. You don't want them to give 2 OTPs. You don't want them to do more 
clicks than it needs to. So single journeys supporting multiple flows. So all of this was getting 
offered in the marketplace. 
 
We now boast for best-in-class amongst the Bitsight score. And I spoke about the Technoviti 
Award. So doing pretty very well. 
 
On CAMSPay, I'll slip to the next chart, Chart number.14. Over 50% market share. I think this 
is the built brick by brick when you see the mutual fund ecosystem for recurring payments, RP, 
recurring payments. I think brick by brick, we brought all those to work for us. And not just in 
mutual funds, we have expanding share in NBFCs and insurance too, but mutual funds is a 
significant milestone, so we are following it out. You see a lot of numbers there. But what I want 
to call out, what I said was 25% year-on-year growth overall in terms of revenue expansion. 
 
And then a significant digital footprint. UPI autopay becoming almost a pioneer product in the 
market, but through API, E-mandate, etcetera, consistently broadening -- consistent broadening 
of the offering, which has led to the success. 
 
CAMSRep. I said that we don't have yet a firm outlook on when we the mandatory will happen, 
but 5 million E-insurance policies. Insurance policies and E-Insurance accounts almost 100%. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
We continue to deep tracing product across the industry in terms of finding the beneficiaries of 
unclaimed amounts and working with the industry with almost INR1,000 crores book for 
processing this. And of course, in the market -- should be in the market soon for the digital loan 
assignment  production. 
 
On CRA. I've spoken number 2 position in the eNPS sales, about 6.5% market share. Almost 
50% of our throughput now coming through the POP route. So action has begun there and expect 
to report growing numbers and be more. 
 
On Think, there's been a very, very, I would say, credible set of wins. We spoke about Canara 
Bank for Kwik.ID, and we spoke about others, including Kreditbee and SBI Cards for Algo. But 
overall, we see that significant growth across product lines amongst clients, very well recognized 
overall in the marketplace. And then from an overall footprint perspective, number of practices, 
etcetera, things continue to go up. So we expect to continue reporting better and better numbers 
from Think. 
 
I'll pause here. That was the commentary on overall company and group and operating 
performance. I'll hand over to my colleague, Ramcharan who speak to you about the financials. 
Ramcharan SR: 
Thank you, Anuj. Over the next 5, 10 minutes, I will just give you an overview of the revenue 
highlights as well as the profit highlights for the quarter. The AUM for the current quarter, 
average AUM, as you saw in the earlier part of the presentation is around INR30 trillion, 
INR29.95 trillion, which represented a 14.1% growth on a year-on-year basis. Tracking that, our 
revenue for the quarter was at INR261 crores, which is up 10.4% year-on-year. The 
corresponding number last year was INR236 crores, and the last quarter was INR249 crores. So 
it's a 10.4% up year-on-year and 4.8% or almost 5% quarter-on-quarter in terms of the overall 
revenue. 
 
Out of this, the asset-based revenue, which was at INR180 crores the last year, same quarter, is 
around INR190 crores. That's up 5.5% year-on-year. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the revenue 
is up 2%, the asset-based revenue. The non-asset-based revenue, driven by transaction revenue 
and some application development revenue that we do is up -- 14.2% year-on-year, which is at 
INR37.5 crores for the current quarter. And even on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it's very nice, 
8.5%. So non-asset-based revenue, a very good uptake at 14.2% year-on-year and 8.5% quarter-
on-quarter. The number is now at INR37.5 crores, driven by transaction and application 
development. 
 
The non-MF revenue. In the story on non-MF revenue doing better is continuing in large part of 
it. On a year-on-year basis, this is up 43.5%, INR33 crores. And even on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, this is up 20%. The results include the Think Analytics revenue to the extent of INR4.5 
crores. Keeping that aside also, there's a very smart growth in the non-MF revenue on a year-
on-year basis and a quarter-on-quarter basis. The non-MF revenue now is at INR33 crores. And 
you would have seen that the creep happening on the non-MF share of the overall business. What 
used to be sub 10% is now up to more than 12%. So we are on the right track from that 
perspective on diversification. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
The non-MF revenue growth was driven on a year-on-year basis by growth in the Alternatives 
or AIF, which is up 15%. On payments, which is up 25%. On the KRA revenue, which is up 
40%. And some adjacencies in terms of websites and APIs that we build for, that is up almost 
50%. 
 
So overall, the non-MF revenue is continuing its trajectory that we anticipated for it in terms of 
increasing its share of the overall pipe. The asset mix, while on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it 
remained very static. The equity component was 46.5%, hence, no big upside from a yield 
perspective because of the equity movement. But on a year-on-year perspective, it was 
marginally up from 43% to 46%. 
The major issue in this, which all of you will have a question on is the yields. So you would see 
that there has been some drop in the yields. We have actually been guiding all of you over the 
last few quarters, and that is a resetting of rates for a couple of large customers. We have 
indicated our state in the last few quarter calls that this is kind of a glide path that we have, which 
is spread over a few quarters. We expect that the maximum impact of this has already come into 
the books with this quarter. And there could be some runoff of some incremental impact in the 
next quarter, but post which we will be business as usual. 
 
So the takeaway from that is as expected and as guided, there was a guided part of reduction and 
resetting of the rates for a couple of large customers, which should kind of get largely over by 
this quarter and some probably incremental impact in the next quarter. But post that, I think we 
are on a path to get to where we normally are. That's the commentary on the yields in terms of 
the AUM fees. 
 
In terms of the profits, again, our guidance has always been and commitment has always been 
that irrespective of what happens from a yield or a cost perspective, we will hold the operating 
EBITDA margins at between 40 and 44 percentage. And this quarter has been the annual 
increment quarter, which is that we didn't get more than INR5 crores cost because of the annual 
increment that we rolled out for all the employees in April. So in spite of eating that cost and in 
spite of this small yield depletion that have happened, we are happy to say that the operating 
EBITDA, we have held at around 42.2 percentage, which is well within -- the range that we had 
guided for in terms of the operating EBITDA. 
 
As you know, the fourth quarter is the cost quarter, in which you will see the lump of the salary 
increment cost coming into the P&L. And going forward, we only expect that this margin will 
get better as the year progresses, given that there is not going to be any incremental cost at that 
level in the future quarters, but the AUM growth and other revenue growth will continue to 
happen. It's almost like a step growth in cost that happens in Q1. So given all that, our EBITDA 
percentage at 42.2% was a satisfactory performance. And we also -- this is compared to 41.4% 
EBITDA that we had or 92.4 EBITDA in the corresponding quarter last year, which means that 
we have seen a creep year-on-year on the EBITDA percentage by almost 1 percentage. 
 
And in terms of the numbers, we ended the quarter with EBITDA of 110.24 crores, which was 
INR98 crores in the comparable quarter last year. So again, an increase of 12.4% year-on-year 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
on EBITDA number. And even on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we are up almost by 1% on the 
EBITDA. PBT, again, we were at 38.4% PBT, up 17% year-on-year at INR101.91 crores. 
And the PAT, we ended the quarter with a 76.34%, which is up again 18% year-on-year or 29% 
margin of PAT. So overall, from a margin perspective, we have kept the margins in spite of cost 
pressures, in spite of yield pressures. And we expect that going forward, this is something going 
to go -- is only going to show an increasing trend. 
 
We ended the quarter with a very comfortable cash and cash equivalent position of INR509 
crores and the Board of Directors was pleased to confirm an interim dividend of INR8 per share. 
This is in addition to INR12 per share of last quarter dividend, which is up for the shareholders' 
approval in the AGM later today. 
 
So that's the broad summary in terms of the financials. We do have the trends and various other 
numbers from P&L, which is available in the earnings presentation, which we kind of -- you can 
have a look at it and get back to us in case you have any questions. 
 
So with this, I hand it back to the moderator, Seema, for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Mr. Abhijeet from Kotak. 
Abhijeet: 
First question is on the MF RTA business. Just to kind of get this right, what we are saying is 
that the current number on the yields effectively forms the base going forward, right, barring the 
remainder impact that will flow in, in the second quarter? 
Anuj Kumar: 
That's correct. That's correct. Because like Ramcharan said, while our prices have been very 
competitive in the marketplace. We've pointed out to you in the past that there were 1 or 2 
contracts where we needed to reset. The reset went on for a period of time. And now we have 
culminated that reset. 1Q will be the last quarter for that. So what you should see is yields holding 
fairly steady after. 
Abhijeet: 
Okay. Second is just on the RTA side. There's good pickup on the non-asset based revenues. 
And Ram mentioned something along the lines of application development and transaction. But 
just wanted to check if this is really the base going forward? Or there's been some bunching up 
that has happened this quarter? 
Ramcharan SR: 
So Abhijeet -- when we speak about application development, it's things like the functionalities 
that we do, value add in terms of, for example, the MF tax or the suspicious transaction portal 
or the EIC, the front office portal, or things like that. It is a part of MF -- or just in to the MF. 
But there is no one-off in this. There is no one-off in this. This has seen a sustained interest in 
terms of the valuation that we do to our customers, and hence, there is a revenue coming in. So 
this should be the base going forward. We are sure of that. 
Abhijeet: 
Okay. That's good to see. One question on the non-MF business. So would you see the pickup 
in revenues here as well. But just from a clarification point of view, this  AIF tie up with 
Temenos. How is that different from what  fintuple was doing for you? And a related question 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
is that when we kind of back out the yield, it comes to about closer to 2 basis points. So just 
wanted to check if that is really the ongoing rate for this sort of service in the AIF market? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Sure. So on Part 1, Fintuple's core business has been creating a digital onboarding platform, 
which is what they started with. And now a very bespoke development of these onboarding 
platform. So CAMS is a more industrialized product. You either buy the product or you don't. 
Fintuple is a bespoke product. We work with banks, especially their custody functions to build 
the entire set of onboarding functions and digitization function. That's what Fintuple does. 
 
Multifonds is a fund accounting software, and it's a fund accounting platform, which is used 
globally. We were wanting to do something in this area for a long time, especially with GIFT 
City requirements also emerging to be able to do fund accounting and multicurrency for people 
who are either raising or deploying monies in multiple countries in multiple currencies. So that 
is a fund accounting product, which will now -- which has now become available to us. It's very, 
very different to what Fintuple does. 
Abhijeet: 
And the question on yields? 
Ramcharan SR: 
Yes. So see, the way we charge -- business yields on AIF, if that is the question. Then the way 
we charge AIF is not entirely based on AUM, right? So almost 60%, 70% of the billing happens 
on the number of investors who are onboarded to a scheme. But from a calculation perspective, 
I think the yields that we are showing is consistent. It's been always between 1.75 and 2, 
effectively. Although, let me just clarify, the way we charge most of the AIF, it's not based on 
the AUM. It's more based on the number of investors in a particular scheme, and a slab-base 
depending on the number of investors and the permanent charge that we do. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
First question, again, on the mutual fund yields. So we see on a sequential basis, we see a 5.5% 
decline. The yields are more like 2.57 basis points versus a growth of 7% on the overall AUM. 
Now my question is you said that this moderation can continue even in 2Q. So are we kind of 
expecting a similar kind of moderation even in 2Q? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Not really, Devesh. So what we have said was, I mean, think of a longer period, think of maybe 
the last 5 to 6 quarters. Whatever moderation you have seen was largely emanating, for like we 
said, 1 or 2 contracts. That process is concluding -- have almost concluded, will conclude in 1Q. 
So whatever impact you've seen in the past is on the books. You will see a small impact in 1Q. 
But after that, the yield should hold very steady, which means we are at the tail end of that 
adjustment process. The last step is getting executed in this quarter, in 1Q. 
Ramcharan SR: 
We had to add -- the -- most of the impact has already been seen, Devesh. So to see that there'll 
be 0 impact is not true. But at the same time, we will be nowhere near what you are seeing for 
the current quarter. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And sir, any sense in terms of adjusting for this one to account, what would be the 
moderation that we would have seen in the quarter on a sequential basis? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ramcharan SR: 
So in fact, given that most of the other customers are in line with what we expect, which is that, 
in fact, the AUM-to-AUM fee growth, which generally we expect around 70%. And most of 
these customers are upwards of 80%. So the moderation has been less on the other customers 
that we have seen. Almost 70% to 80% of the moderation has been because of the resetting of 
the yield that's happened in these 2 or we would have seen a much larger EBITDA number that 
you're seeing now. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. Secondly, on your non-mutual fund business, this quarter, we saw an inch up to 
12.5%. So one, your target of reaching 20% over what duration? And secondly, if you can help 
us understand what is the margin profile that we have currently in the non-MF business? And 
what can this be, say, over the next 2 years? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Devesh, we have said that -- and this we have said about a year, take it 6 quarters back that we 
want to get to 20% non-MF contribution over 4 to 5 years. We think we are tracking well. We 
are tracking well to get to 20% in, let's say, the coming maybe 2.5, 3 years, we will get there. 
Some of the increase that you found this quarter is obviously going to Think because that revenue 
has come in for the first time. 
 
The rest you have seen because you've seen revenue growth, and I showed you the numbers, 
you've seen Alternatives grow ahead. You've seen Payments grow ahead. And you've seen KRA 
grow ahead. And over a period of time, there could be others, which will grow ahead of company 
growth rate, which is where the contribution is coming from. 
 
From a profitability perspective, some of those businesses are at company profitability levels. 
So for example, AIF is certainly over 40% of EBITDA. But at an aggregate, I would still put 
this non-MF business in the mid- to high 20s, which means that there are small subscale 
businesses like account aggregator, etcetera, where obviously, we may not have large margins.  
 
Over a period of time, as we stabilize and grow this unless the current non-MF revenue, which 
is in the early to mid 30s, will grow up to, let's say, INR50 crores a quarter. We are expecting 
all of this to converge to about 35% to 40% EBITDA. So it will not be very different to company 
EBITDA levels. So of the subscale businesses, obviously, do not feel a lot of margin today, 
which is the reason why we are at the 20%. 
Ramcharan SR: 
Just 1 more point to that. We have constantly been saying that we will continue to invest in the 
new businesses. And we specifically mentioned that last quarter was -- when I say last quarter, 
means that 4Q of last year was the quarter in which the gap between the income and the expense 
for the new businesses will be the largest. And I'm happy to say that, that's been the case. Because 
in this quarter, we will continue to spend this INR6 crores per quarter on these new initiatives, 
but the revenue has started flowing, and although it is not at a scale that you'll probably get a 
higher margins. So we are on the right track on that, Devesh. So we will get to a place where 
these would also mimic the other platform-based business margins. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And the final one, sir, this Think analytics, we acquired 55%. So are there plans to 
acquire the balance 45%? Or this is how it will continue? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Anuj Kumar: 
So the plan is that we've had the same playbook in both Fintuple and this acquisition that we buy 
a little of a majority and then we have the call option over a year 3, 4 and 5. We want the founders 
to stay and continue growing the business. So a larger part of the pie for them will come in year 
3, 4 and 5, that make sure that the founders stay and scale the business. And it gives us time so 
that we are able to create a management team which will be able to learn and operate the business 
once the founders choose to exit. 
 
So it's a long exit period plan, unlike by 100% upfront in most of those cases, as you are aware 
and you've seen many other companies that the founders tend to exit after the second day. We 
don't want that. So we have a call option, and obviously, we are expecting to 100% at both these 
companies. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sorry to harp on this yield question again. So in your negotiations, are you -- are we seeing any 
change in the kind of telescopic structure that you have discussed in the past. So now that the 
rates are being set on the lower side, is the band being expanded with regards to the telescopic 
structure? Or it's still the same? So the main thing I'm trying to understand as to whether we see 
-- if the AUM continues to grow, how much more fall can we see from the telescopic structure 
standpoint. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Sure. So before we get to the telescopic structure, Prayesh, I just wanted to be sure about 1 thing, 
which is that, what has given us all this? What has given us, that there is a telescopic structure. 
We want the mutual funds to buy slightly cheaper as they grow and we will sell slightly cheaper. 
And that depletion is part of the overall plan. So there's no change to that. However, the slightly 
steeper depletion that you saw in the last 5 to 6 quarters was going to a reason that we've given 
you. So the answer to your question is that there is no change in these telescopic structures. They 
are more or less what they used to be. 
 
And you have seen that we had a very healthy figure in incomes -- almost -- you've seen that 
70% to 80% of the AUM growth turns to revenue growth for us. And that formula will broadly 
hold. So don't expect that yields are under any pressure. But I would say that outside of the 
couple of contracts that we're referring, yields have been holding very well across the portfolio 
for the last almost 1.5 to 2 years. 
 
Outside of the telescopic structure, we see no other stress. For the 2 contracts or 1 that we're 
talking about, it was premeditated and agreed. And like we said, most of this impact has now 
been taken. What you will see is a small adjustment in 1Q, which is the current quarter -- sorry, 
in 2Q. And after that, you will not see much. So that's really the message overall on the yields 
profile. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. That's helpful. Secondly, on the -- if I look at your expenses, both operating expenses 
and the other expenses have seen a very sharp jump on a Y-o-Y basis. And even on a sequential 
basis, where operating expenses have increased, the other expenses have been flattish. But the 
operating expenses have been surging. So what's the reason for that? And what kind of run rate 
we should look at it? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ramcharan SR: 
So, Prayesh, the operating expenses -- see, operating expenses for us, there is some variable 
component to it. So 2 things: for example, operating expenses, the major contribution for the 
increase has been out-of-pocket expenses, okay, which is reflected in a similar number in the 
top line. That is the sponsored bank charge expenses, if you see the small uptick that happened 
in the payment businesses, that's the corresponding variable cost that we incurred by paying the 
banks. That's also been a part of this. 
 
And the entire software cloud charges that we're investing in, right? The new businesses that are 
there are, be it CRA or account aggregator or all those things are on the growth and the tools 
that we buy or an operating expense. So these are expenses which are either variable or done 
from an overall business long-term perspective. And hence, you will see a small uptick that 
keeps happening on the operating expenses even on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
But if you remove the OP part of it, and if you see the percentage of operating expenses, they 
are -- generally operating expenses to be around 11% of main. But if you move to OP part, the 
same number as the numerator and denominator, we are quite appointed as an income and 
expense. The operating expenses always are around 7.5 to 7.8 percentage. And that's the trend 
that's been holding throughout, right? Even if we see the last year or this year, it's been within 
this range of 0.5%, 7.5 to 8 kind of percentage if you remove the OP part of it. OP is more kind 
of a compensating entry. 
 
From other expenses, these are the real fixed expenses. These are the expenses on power and 
fuel, the legal, consultancy, etcetera. Largely, as you said, we have had this number last time in 
the earnings call, we again said that you will see only a small inflation-driven increase. But 
overall, you won't see a large increase. We stick to the same commentary. The only point that 
you note there is there's a lot of requirement now for an audit, right? For example, PFRDA will 
recover a CMMI audit. There will be a VAPT audit that is required. All these are very expensive. 
And there are 3 other things that we've done from an information security perspective. 
 
These expenses are in the base now. So these were some things which are not there probably 1.5 
years or the year earlier, which are in the base now. And then there is all these things also, just 
recollect 1 thing that we include the Think Analytics numbers. For example, the other expenses 
include around INR63 lakhs of Think Analytics numbers. So -- but for that, you have to be very 
flat or lesser. The operating expenses also includes around INR65 lakhs of Think expenses. So 
if you take that away, the increase is a little more moderate. 
 
So 2 reasons: one is from operating variable plus Think Analytics expenses coming in. Other 
expenses is broadly fixed expenses that you will see a small inflation-driven increase going 
forward. But in the case, we have various other audits and information security-related orders, 
power and fuel. There is a big tariff increase that's happened in the state, which is cutting a lot 
of increase from our power-base tool. These are that the base now. So going forward, I don't 
think you will see such a big increase. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. On the non-MF side, on the E-Insurance thing, you've mentioned that the digital loan 
assignment is a new service that you've started. Does -- so what I'm trying to understand is, does 
this kind of give you additional revenue or it's part of the existing charges that you would get? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So trying to understand whether from a longer-term perspective, this could be an opportunity, 
which will be, say, larger than the account opening for EIA charges? So that is the question. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Right now, so you know just like there is loan against security, and loan against mutual funds. 
Loan against insurance is today an experimental product, which means that as of now, it does 
not have IRDAI permission for people to go ahead with in this format, in the digital format. 
What we had done was along with the regulator and a few key clients, we set up a sandbox, and 
this is demonstrating the success of the sandbox. We have now applied to the regulator to allow 
us to convert this into a commercial product, which is where we are. 
 
And if it's converted to a commercial product, it would, perhaps, mirror the success of, let's say, 
loan against mutual funds. Of course, the scale could be bigger. It will mirror the success of that. 
We are expecting to hear from them, let's say, in the next quarter or 2. And then there will be 
enough commercial viability of this. But today, this is not a revenue source per se. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi Group. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Two questions from my side. First, on the new deal wins, I just wanted to get some sense. When 
you onward this new customers, is there any front-loading of cost that is associated with it, while 
obviously, I mean I understand that this will be yield accretive from a medium-term perspective. 
But I wanted to get some sense of the upfront cost from setting up the business and all. 
 
Second, if I can get some sense of -- you mentioned that in the near term, your margins on the 
non-MF businesses are around mid-20s and gradually maybe scaling up to 35% to 40%. In the 
period when you kind of scale up these businesses and take the share up from 13% to 20% of 
revenues, should one see the overall margins maybe compressing a bit or do you kind of expect 
some leverage benefits to play out in the domestic mutual fund business? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Okay. So let me answer the second one first. If you take the last 2 years, and I'll give you order 
of magnitude, we've perhaps been investing annually in the range of INR18 crores to INR20 
crores in the new businesses. This is essentially account aggregator in TSP as one, NPS as a 
second, MFCentral as a third and some amount in insurance. What started happening now is that 
we are seeing the color of revenue, which means -- some color of revenue. So let's say, a business 
which had INR20 crores cost and maybe INR1 crores of revenue will grow from INR20 crores 
and INR1 crore to INR20 crores and, let's say, INR4 crores revenue this year and probably will 
grow to INR7 crores or INR8 crores next year. 
 
So the gap between what we are spending and what we are earning will become narrower. And 
that should contribute to the overall profit pie of the non-MF businesses. At the peak, like we 
said, we have a steady state shift in Alternatives, which is making upwards of 40% EBITDA. 
We have Payments, which is making upwards of 30%. 
And then we have others. KRA would also be making close to 40% and above. So when they 
become steady state and get to a certain mass, the expectation is, because the labour component 
will always be small, they will be platform-based businesses, and they have a steady kind of cost 
and revenue profile, they will get to 40%. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
So you have 2 examples there. You have KRA and AIF, which are both in that range, you have 
payments, which is a lot more competitive. It's somewhere in the 30s. And then you have others, 
which may not be making margins today. And what I have given you was an overall basket level 
margin yield. 
As we continue the journey, obviously, there will be some profile improvement in the scaled 
businesses. And the smaller ones, which are subscale where we're actually investing money 
today, will start returning some additional revenue. So we're expecting that overall margin 
profile, I have to give you a single-line answer that the margin profile of non-MF should improve 
from here. And therefore, at a company level, it will be a net contributor, slightly net accretive 
than net depletive. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
On the first part regarding new deal wins and if there is a front-loaded cost attached to it on the 
MF side? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Correct. So all the new deal wins, what happens is that typically when an AMC sets up business, 
of course, there is a lot of preset of work to be done. But they get set up, and then they launch 
what is called a new fund offering. Typically, people come out with a single new fund offering, 
most of the times it's equity. 
Most of the times, and don't take it as a rule, people will target, let's say, INR400 crores, INR500 
crores accumulation from that, a very successful first, and it could be a INR1,000 crores, but 
they're not very, very common. So you have a new AMC which comes in, we do the prep work. 
And then, obviously, we deploy all the technology capability. which is getting them to plug into 
our platform, but doesn't really create a lot of cost. 
 
Of course, we have to employ that unit, and we have to employ a set of people. Let's say, starting 
maybe 12 to 15, 20 people will get into a unit. We'll wait for that INR500 crores to INR1,000 
crores of AUM to happen, let's say, in Year 1. So there will be a bit of a response in terms of 
when that AMC becomes revenue accretive and when you put in costs, but those are not 
chartering numbers. Those are numbers that we can manage in the overall book quite 
comfortably. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
So on the Think Analytics business, like, could you give us more color like how do we earn 
revenue and in terms of the new contract and what kind of margins do you make in those 
businesses? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So when you think of Think, they come from a very different segment, although they are within 
financial services, largely cater to fintechs, banks, NBFCs on the lending side, not so much in 
the capital market. So it's a very complementary operation. Four core products: Algo360, you 
saw that mentioned, is a core platform. We have perhaps one of the 2 in the country who offer a 
commercial service, where based on Android SMS inboxes etcetera. Information contained 
there. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
We give analytics based on what is the behaviour of the person from a financial metrics point of 
view in terms of income spending investments and a lot of related things. So that's a very popular 
platform. That's product  number 1, for which you saw, we mentioned things like SBI Cards and 
Kreditbee to be the new entrants. Of course, there are many established customers. 
 
There is a second product called Kwik.ID, which is basically a video onboarding, video KYC 
product, where you saw us mention Canara Bank as the third public sector bank in the country, 
which has joined hands with us. Of course, there are many other private sector clients, but we 
choose to make these 3 or 4 big ones. And as you know, the paper-based KYC will continue to 
be displaced by video-based and electronic KYC. And that just creates significant scale 
opportunities for that product. 
 
There is a third product called Flow Expert, which basically helps companies integrate a number 
of external feeds coming through API in a straightforward way. It's a new product, has about 3 
or 4 installations. And then there is Analytics where we sell business intelligence kind of 
products and platforms to both the financial services industries in India and in the U.S. and then 
we have a few pharma and health care clients too. 
 
So those are the 4 product lines. The first 3, you can think of them as a product. Analytics, you 
can think of it as a service, more a consulting and doing service. So it has attributes of service, 
which means it needs headcount. The others are typically product based, the first 3. From an 
acceptance perspective, you've seen some of the clients. And of course, if you go to the website, 
you'll be able to get a lot more view in terms of what they done. But a very, very promising 
young company, no debt, completely bootstrapped. And then from a public profile award 
recognition perspective... 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Sir, currently like what is the kind of revenue potential do we expect in this business like 
going ahead over the next 3 to 4 years? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So broadly, think of them as a company at a current year run rate of maybe INR28 crores to 
INR30 crores of revenue. Over a period of time, of course, we would expect it to grow in high 
double digits, so upwards of 30%. On that base of INR30-odd crores. So in 3 to 4 years, you can 
expect that in a reasonable way, it should be at least a INR50 crores operation of that form. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Chandragupta, an individual investor. 
Chandragupta: 
I just want to ask 1 question about this Slide  number 36 that you have, proprietary technology 
platforms and mobile applications that you have mentioned. So is there -- have you explored the 
option of monetizing these platforms at any point of time, like outside India, of course, like a 
supply product company that -- could there be another revenue vertical for us? Is there such a 
potential? 
Anuj Kumar: 
We have made a small attempt in the past to open up European office and one in the Middle 
East, too. And we had some success. So then we've been completely focused on India domestic 
right now. As you would see, we have 1 core business and about 7 adjunct businesses. A couple 
coming from acquisitions, the rest of our own core business. So we've chosen to focus on India 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
domestic. But right now, we are not selling overseas. So there is no go-to-market attempt to sell 
these platforms overseas. 
Chandragupta: 
Okay. But it can become in future if we choose. I mean, if we decide to, then that's also possible, 
in case? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Yes, will certainly be possible. Think Analytics, by the way, has a small American subsidiary, 
where we do consulting contracts with financial services and health care people. That's a very 
new and a small part of the overall mix, so I didn't call it and it has nothing to do with this chart. 
But just so that there is a small amount of U.S. revenue. But as far as this platform is concerned, 
right now, we are not selling it overseas. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ramcharan, CFO of CAMS. Over to you, sir. 
Ramcharan SR: 
Thank you, Seema. And thanks a lot to all the participants for your participation and involvement 
in this earnings call and your continued interest in CAMS. In case of any questions, please feel 
free to reach out to Anish Sawlani or to  Orient Capital or our IR. Thanks once again for the time 
you spend. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of CAMS, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
