 
   
August 14, 2023  
           BJ/SH-L2/ 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500400 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1,Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol: TATAPOWER  
 
Dear Sirs, 
Earnings Call Transcripts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, the transcript of the audio call recording of the Company’s Analyst 
Call held on August 9, 2023, on the Audited Financial Results (Standalone) and Unaudited 
Consolidated Financial Results (with limited review) of the Company for the quarter ended  
June 30, 2023, is attached herewith.  
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company’s website using the following link: 
 
https://www.tatapower.com/investor-relations/inv-info-archive.aspx  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 For The Tata Power Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
                                                           (H. M. Mistry) 
Company Secretary 
 
HANOZ 
MINOO 
MISTRY
Digitally signed 
by HANOZ 
MINOO MISTRY 
Date: 2023.08.14 
16:36:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“The Tata Power Company Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. PRAVEER SINHA – CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
TATA POWER LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV CHURIWALA – CFO, TATA POWER 
LIMITED 
MR. J. V. PATIL – FINANCIAL CONTROLLER, TATA 
POWER LIMITED 
MR. SOUNDARARAJAN KASTURI – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, TATA POWER 
MR. RAJESH LACHHANI – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
TATA POWER LIMITED 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Power Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Praveer Sinha – CEO & Managing 
Director, The Tata Power. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Thank you. Thank you very much and good afternoon to all the analysts who 
have joined for the call. I have with me my colleagues Sanjeev Churiwala – 
CFO, J V Patil – Financial Controller, Kasturi and Rajesh Lachhani from the 
Investor Relations and other members from the finance team. 
Just to give you a little background on the power sector globally and in the 
country, during the first quarter that is during the period April, May, June this 
year, there were extreme weather conditions. We had heavy rains right through 
these months and we saw that we also had the cyclone in the Western part of 
India impacting Gujarat. We also had the extreme weather conditions in Odisha 
where large number of times the Kalbaisakhi, which is lower level of cyclone, 
came over there due to extreme heat conditions and due to all these reasons, 
the consumption of power during the last quarter only increased by 1.5%, 
which was not expected based on the earlier trends, in fact the month of 
February had seen very high temperature. We were expecting much higher 
growth in consumption. We also saw how globally the coal prices have come 
down and to that extent, today imported coal is available in large quantity and 
at a much lower price compared to last year. We also saw that the prices of 
solar material that is solar cells and modules and wafers have come down 
drastically and we expected that with more capacity addition that will take place 
in China and some of the other countries in Southeast Asia, there will be an 
oversupply and there will be much restrained prices of cells and modules going 
forward. 
As far as Tata Power is concerned, this is the 15th consecutive quarter in which 
we have shown a growth in our PAT. For this quarter, the reported PAT is Rs. 
1,141 crores compared to Rs. 884 crores. And if we see the PAT before 
exceptional items, which is in the core business, it is Rs. 906 crores compared 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
to Rs. 884 crores. Our revenue has virtually remained flat, Rs. 15,003 crores 
compared to Rs. 14,776 crores. But there has been a huge improvement in the 
EBITDA, which has grown to Rs. 3,005 crores compared to Rs. 2,107 crores, 
43% growth, showing the robustness of the core business of Tata Power. We 
have also seen that during this quarter, all our businesses have done 
exceedingly well. Whether it is our existing generation business, all of them 
have performed much better than the previous years and the benefit of 
efficiency and improved cost control, the results are there for all to see. 
Similarly, our Mundra plant has operated during this quarter under section 11 
and it continues to do that till 30th September. And if the heat conditions 
continues, it may get extended and to that extent, our operations at Mundra 
are cost reflective and our losses are very restricted over there. Our core 
business, of course, though it is doing very steady because of the prices 
coming down has reduced profit compared to last year, but the reduction in 
profit in coal business has been more than made up by our existing operations 
in our generation business, Mundra as also in our renewable and in our T&D 
business where all our businesses are virtually getting stabilized and the 
improvements that have happened over there because of fundamental 
business, which has become much more robust. We will see this continuing in 
future quarter and is the precursor of the improvements that we would see 
subsequently. 
In our transmission and distribution business, our Odisha business has 
stabilized to a large extent, notwithstanding the fact that we had a very tough 
3 months wherein we had to do huge amount of restoration activities and field 
activities to take care of the weather conditions, but I think again the Odisha 
business has stabilized and future quarter performance will be much better for 
us to see. Our EV business also has been doing consistently very well. Our 
operations right across the country, we have nearly 4,400 public charges, 
50,000 home charges and large number of bus charges that we are putting. 
We are putting one of the largest number of bus charges, nearly 1200 in 
various cities in the country under ESL tenders that was won by our OEM 
partner, Tata Motors. 
If we look at our other area, our balance sheet has improved. Our debt equity 
ratio continues to be at 1.1 and our working capital has improved over the 
period of time, which has helped us to ensure that we are within all the financial 
metrics that we have planned for ourselves, though the debt during the period 
increased because of the huge CAPEX that we have planned this year, Rs. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
12,000 crores. We would still be within the ceiling of 3.5 for the net debt to 
underlying EBITDA. During the quarter, we have also seen that our ratings 
have improved. Both ICRA and CARE have upgraded their credit rating from 
AA stable to AA positive and this is a reflection of the performance of the 
company in better management of them financially. 
We have also been awarded in a number of places, whether it is in terms of 
employer brand or also in areas such as corporate governance, and I think it 
all demonstrates and shows the good performance of the company in all 
(Inaudible) 08:24. I'm sure Tata Power, the way it has been steadily improving, 
its performance will continue to do that in future quarters also and we'll maintain 
a very healthy balance sheet going forward. All our existing operations and the 
growth areas will continue to perform well in the future also and I'm sure we 
will continue to get your support in meeting all the objectives of the company. 
With this, I will ask Yashashri to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good evening Dr. Sinha. My first question is on the solar EPC business. The 
solar rooftop revenue is down year-on-year. Solar pump is also down and the 
quarterly run rate for the utility scale solar EPC business revenue booking is 
significantly low as compared to the 170 billion order backlog that you have 
there. So, how would you cite this performance relative to the FY25 and FY27 
targets that you had given us on scale up for solar EPC business? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, this is a timing issue. One is on solar pumps, by design, we are going slow 
because the orders under the KUSUM program have not come. Also, the 
margins in the KUSUM program in the earlier ones were very low and hence 
we have decided that we will wait for the revised KUSUM program to come 
before we go full out. As far as our rooftop is concerned, our business has done 
very well in this quarter, the margins have improved tremendously. And we 
expect that the order backlog that we have, we will be executing in the 
subsequent quarter with much better and higher margins because the 
emphasis is now that we should improve our margins in all these business, 
having established ourselves in more than 460 cities with our channel partners 
and that's what you would see in our PAT and EBITDA for the rooftop business. 
Similarly, on our EPC projects, you would see that our margins have improved, 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
though we have not executed too many orders because the full benefit of lower 
prices of cells and modules which we are now going to get, will get reflected in 
Q2, but more in Q3 and Q4 because now we have ordered all of them and they 
will start coming from the month of September onwards. So, you will see that 
on an overall basis, we will be doing very well in all these businesses and the 
real improvement and the benefits you would start seeing in this subsequent 
quarter. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. My second question is on Mundra. We see that the plant availability 
despite Section 11 being in work was just about 54%. In fact, down on a year-
on-year basis. So, why is that and is there any update on the Mundra PPA 
resolution? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, one of the units is down, there was a transformer failure in one of the units, 
so only four units are operating out of the five. And then we started operating 
under Section 11 from 15th of April because we were wanting to first resolve 
the SPPA issues, but since Section 11 was already imposed, there was a delay 
from the procurer side to finalize it, and then we said we'll operate it under 
Section 11. So, I think this quarter you will see our availability will improve 
drastically. Incidentally, the plant is operating, all the four units are operating. 
And being a low cost or one of the most efficient plants on merit order, it is 
being scheduled compared to all the other plants nearby plants in Gujarat. So, 
I think you will see much better performance in terms of both availability and 
PLF. But yes, in the first quarter we missed the first 15 days and that's why you 
see a lower availability and PLF. 
Sumit Kishore: 
What is the implied equity value of Tata projects for the fund raise which has 
happened? In Tata projects, what is the implied equity value for 100% equity 
stake? 
Mr. Sanjeev Churiwala: 
So, basically if you're talking about the number of shares that is held 
by TPCL that has come down from 47.78% to 30.81% and the book value per 
share is about Rs. 110 per share. 
Sumit Kishore: 
I'm not talking about the book value. I'm talking about the total implied equity 
value for Tata projects? 
Mr. Sanjeev Churiwala: 
I think we have a stake holding of about 30.81, so 31% which is at a 
book value of 110. So, you can simply multiply this by almost like 3.5x, that 
would be the total book value of the shares. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Sumit Kishore: 
I will take that separately. Finally, my question is on Rs. 100 odd crores of 
income that you have booked from Maithon. That is a non-recurring income, 
right? So, we should be adjusting it in the profits? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
No, it’s not non-recurring, I would say this is the nature of the business it is 
because across our various procurers, we keep on having this discussion on 
the tariff adjustments and the relief that we sought. For example, in this 
particular case, during the COVID, of course, the plant utilization was low and 
we had to seek relief and they’ve given us the relief. It just takes time and 
normally every year you will have something or the other coming up, right? So, 
we don’t classify this as a non-recurring. But Yes on one particular plant, it may 
be non-recurring, but it will have some other plants across the entire thermal 
generation capacity across procurers every year you will have something or 
the other coming up and that’s the nature of the business. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Fair enough. Over next 5 years, how do you foresee demand for group captive 
renewable capacities from Tata Group companies, especially Tata? That’s my 
last question. Thank you. 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
There is lot of opportunity now, especially there has been an amendment in 
the policy both on group captive as well as on open access where anything 
more than 100 kilowatts you can supply under open access and group captive, 
the definition has been widened. So, you would find that all the new plants of 
Tata Group which are coming, whether it is the electronics plant or the battery 
plant or any of the other new semiconductor initiatives, the growth of Tata 
Motors in their new plant, EV plant which is coming up in Sanand. So, 
everywhere you will find that we will have a huge opportunity and we will 
virtually be having 100% renewable supply to all these customers. But apart 
from that, we are also getting huge opportunities outside and we can share 
there’s a very large list of group captive customers which we have tied up in 
last quarter and we continue to get it on a regular basis and you would see that 
our group captive business this year will be quite substantial. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, first question is on the solar pumps. I understand that there is a new SECI 
bid which is up for bidding. Can you just explain is there any change in tender 
terms compared to the last tender which afforded by ESL and what are the 
timelines for the bids? 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, the solar pump, the last big bid happened was in 2020 and thereafter the 
bids have still not happened now. ESL is not doing the bids  that mandate has 
been given to SECI. So, we still have to see now what sort of new bids are 
coming, but what has also happened is that there are number of states which 
are coming up with the different combinations of these, not just solar pumps 
but the rural electrification of grids like Maharashtra is coming up with a huge 
plan to set up nearly 7000 megawatts of solar generation in rural areas, which 
is very close to existing grids, so that the evacuation of power takes place and 
the purpose is that it will supply to the local areas in the rural area for pumping 
purpose as well as for local supply to the other types of consumers. So, I think 
different combinations of the KUSUM program will come, which I think will help 
a much better penetration of solar in rural areas. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Is it that you are less optimistic about the solar pump in the near term? Is that 
right fair assessment? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Not that. It will go certain modifications because the earlier programs were not 
so successful and hence each one of them, KUSUM had three components, 
KUSUM A, B, C. We are seeing that the KUSUM C initiative will possibly get 
more traction compared to the KUSUM A&B. 
Mohit Kumar: 
So, my second question is, how much is the capacity you expect on the 
renewable side to install in FY24 and FY25? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
There are two parts. One is capacity bid out and capacity installation. Now, the 
installation of FY24 and 25 will be all those which will bid out in the previous 
years and you have seen MNRE has also given extension up to 31st March for 
the projects, which were ordered in ’21-22 and also for DCR projects up to 30th 
September 2024. So, I think many of the projects, which could not come earlier 
because of abnormal increase in project cost, increase in cost of cells and 
modules, those will get executed in this year. The ones where the bidding is 
being taken place will take about 24 months to come up, so they will only come 
in more in FY26 and 27. 
Mohit Kumar: 
I am asking sir our capacity, so how much you expect to install in FY24 and 
FY25, is it possible to give the number? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
I don’t have that number. We can check from MNRE’s website or some of the 
people who carry out these reports which to… Our number is I think this year 
we are targeting to set up nearly 2.5 GW, which partly is for us and partly is the 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
third party. So, that’s the type of number that we are looking that we will set up 
this year and as I mentioned to you, we have nearly 4 GW order, which is under 
execution which includes for us also and outside, some of that will get into 
FY25. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Puneet Gulati from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
My first question is on the Odisha discoms. Can you help us understand how 
to read this? You know your performance versus AT&T losses, till last quarter, 
I think you were trending below the trajectory and now this this quarter it seems 
you are above the trajectory. How should one read that, if you can give some 
more color there? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, as I mentioned to you last quarter, because of the extreme weather 
conditions, the billing efficiency and collection efficiencies were impacted and 
that is why when you have to see the distribution business, AT&T losses, you 
have to see on a 12-month rolling basis and not on 3-month basis because 
some of the supplies that takes place in summer months, the collection 
happens in the subsequent months and some of the earlier collections, which 
were now there that gets adjusted. So, I think you have to see more from a 12-
month cycle rather than just seeing on quarter-to-quarter because many of 
these things get you if there is a lesser collection in one month; in the next 
month, you end up doing 105% or 110% collection and that will get reflected in 
the subsequent quarter. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And second question is on the Tata Power EPC business. This 
quarter also, margin seemed to be a bit lower. What would that be attributable 
to and where do you think will these margins ultimately…. 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, I think the worst is behind us as far as the EPC business is there. We were 
under tremendous stress because there were some legacy orders, which we 
had to execute. Now that the prices of cells and modules have come down, 
you will see most of it getting reflected in Q3 and Q4. Q2 also, you will start 
seeing early stages of improvement. So, you will actually see all the 
improvements coming in the subsequent quarter and we'll be able to do a much 
better margin going forward. 
Puneet Gulati: 
But I thought that hump was crossed last quarter itself when you reported 
almost 10% EBITDA margin, so what..? 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, I think there are some rollovers which were there, which could not get 
completed in the month of March. They rolled over to April, May and that's what 
it is and that is why you do not see too much of topline also compared to what 
we would have otherwise done. So, going forward, you will find that our topline 
will also improve and the bottomline will also. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And lastly, you are one of the best capitalized firms in terms of available equity 
for renewable power. How are you positioning yourself in the SECI bidding as 
well? Do you think the current tariffs have become attractive enough for you to 
participate or you think the expected IRR is still low from those? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
We have our band within which we operate and we ensure that we bid within 
those bands. We have seen last year we won a large number of orders nearly 
2.6 GW of order that we have won and most of them were hybrid orders. They 
were not pure solar or pure wind. In any case, we don't bid pure wind. We only 
bid either pure solar or hybrid solution. So, you will find that the returns in 
complex solutions of hybrid are much better compared to the returns in pure 
vanilla solar or pure vanilla wind. 
Puneet Gulati: 
How is company prepared in terms of the more complex bids which are coming 
in from dispatchable power etc.? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
You see, other than solar and wind, we have not gone for storage. We will now 
go now that you would have heard that yesterday we went and signed the MoU 
for setting up pumped hydro. Now, we will be in a position to offer combined 
solution with storage also. So, I think those projects we will be able to get much 
better returns. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And what is the timeline one should think about those pumped hydro projects? 
Still MoU, I presume? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes, but then the benefit for us is that these will come up on our existing hydro 
plants. We've already done a lot of work. We actually have been working on 
that for more than last 6 to 9 months and I can tell you that we will possibly be 
one of the first ones who would come on line. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And how much capacity can you build on your existing hydro plants? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Right now, we have planned 2,800 and this is only at two of the reservoirs. We 
have 6 reservoirs. So, we've not actually gone for the full potential. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, 2.8 GW on just two reservoirs? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
On this pump storage projects, just wanted to understand what would be your 
capital cost? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, see typical if you do a Greenfield pumped hydro, it would be about Rs. 7 
crores to Rs. 8 crores. Since we already have the reservoir, we have the dam 
over there for storage, so our cost will be less than Rs. 5 crores. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
These are all closed loop or open loop? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
This is all closed loop. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
So, secondly on Mundra, just wanted to understand at what coal price will we 
operate Mundra even without Section 11? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Well, let's see. Right now, we are under discussion. So, our objective is that 
something similar to Section 11, we should be in a position to negotiate and 
we will work out and let you know once it's decided. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
So, sir, just wanted to clarify in case Section 11 is not extended and the global 
coal prices declined, right? Will we operate the plant or will we put it, I mean 
we won't use it then? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
I'm optimistic that the Section 11 will get extended and during the extended 
period, we will be able to find out a mutually acceptable solution. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Understood, sir. Sir, I think last question. Can you share the margin profile for 
group captive and rooftop projects that we're doing? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
They are very good margins, I can tell you that and that's why you see there is 
a lot of focus now on group captive projects and once these results start 
coming, we'll be able to show you more. Right now, these are very early stages 
of group captive projects, but I expect by end of this financial year, we'll have 
some of them operating and you will be able to see the EBITDA. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
And just for the projects that we're doing for Tata Group, I mean, if you can 
quantify the margins over there? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
We don't give the margin, but I can tell you those are good margin projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Subhadip Mitra from 
Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
My first question is with regard to the coal profitability. If I look at the numbers 
based on the JV and the associate numbers, which I understand has the 
majority of the coal profits, clearly there is a decline on a Y-o-Y basis; however, 
on a Q-o-Q basis, the number seems to have improved. So, is it possible to 
get some color as to did we see better volumes on a Q-o-Q basis on the 
realizations or on the margins? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
We'll share that with you because the coal company has its own working in 
terms of how much of mix of coal that they are supplying. So, happens that in 
some quarter it is more of high CV coal and less of less CV coal that they 
dispatch. In some quarters, they supply more of low CV coal and less of high 
CV. So, it depends on what sort of mining mix they have and the profit comes 
based on that. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Secondly, in terms of the upcoming renewable bids, right, so there 
is a plan to auction out maybe 50 GW of renewables every year by the 
government. Along with that, you also have your own plans on the captive 
power side, on the C&I side or on rooftop. So, as a strategy, how would you 
look at your annual renewable capacity addition, would you have an internal 
target of any number to that one? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes, there is a number, but we play between the utility scale and in terms of 
group captive and wherever we find we have a better margin, we do that. We 
are typically looking at something like 2 GW to 2.5 GW of capacity addition 
every year. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
2 GW to 2.5 GW of capacity addition every year? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes. But it's a mix of group captive and utilities. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Of course and the pumped hydro related opportunity, now that we have a ready 
2.5 GW of opportunity there, that would be over and above this run rate of 2.5? 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes, that is to support the renewable power. So, typically it's in the 3:1 ratio. 
So, if I put a 2 GW of pumped hydro, it can support 6 GW, 3-3.5x, so 6 GW to 
7 GW of renewable capacity for giving firm 24/7 power. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. It is going to be a combination of hydro plus solar plus wind or 
more of solar plus hydro. How does the configuration work? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Depending upon what sort of requirement is there from customers. In some 
cases, it may be just solar and wind, but in some cases we will give a good 
combination whereby we can give them 24/7 100% power. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Last two questions from my side. Firstly, on the EPC side of things, again with 
such a large quantum of tendering activity expected over the next few years 
and so you would be sensing a large opportunity again opening up on the EPC 
side. So, any thoughts on how large this opportunity can be or what kind of 
market share you would like to take here? And also, what do you feel are the 
sustainable margins? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, again for us, the first priority is to meet our own internal requirement. So, 
whether it is the group captive or it is the utility scale, we will meet that 
requirement and I mentioned to you that we are looking at 2 GW - 2.5 GW. 
Thereafter, we will look at opportunities, which are third-party opportunity and 
again it will be all dependent on what sort of margins we are getting and what 
sort of returns we will have in there. Also, now earlier we used to do EPC 
projects with land. Now we don't do with land, so we do more projects where 
the owner provides us the land and we develop the project for them. So, it's 
again a place where we are very careful and there's a very calibrated growth 
that we will have. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. Lastly, on the Tata Projects stake sale. I think this question came 
up earlier as well. So, while you did mention that I think the book’s value was 
around 110 per share, what was the price at which the transaction was done, 
is it possible to know? 
Mr. Sanjeev Churiwala: 
So, I think the way to look at it is we have not sold any stake, right? 
Because we did not participate in the rights issue. Our overall shareholding 
dropped from 48% to 31% and because Rs. 1,500 crore of additional equity 
was infused by the Tata Group, to that extent the book value per share 
increased. As a result, we had to book the profit that you see as an exceptional 
item, which normally should be in the OCI balance sheet, but because this is 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
not in subsidiary but more of an associate, we had to book it in the P&L. But 
this is a non-cash item as such has no implication on the cash of the company. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Understood. So, this infusion of capital by Tata Group was again done at book 
value or at a higher number? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
But at a certain valuation. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Would it be possible to know that number or that's not available? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Yes, I think it's already there as part of the release by Tata Project itself, so we 
can forward that release to you separately. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bharanidhar 
Vijayakumar from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: 
Just trying to understand if the investment into pump storage 
opportunity would attract the regulated return of 16.5%. Is it the case? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
No, this we will combine with our renewable business. So, it has nothing to do 
with this. It's not on a regulated basis that we are going to supply. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: 
 So, then it will not be also for just peaking purpose, it will be round-
the-clock kind of a… 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
It can be anything. It can be for peaking, it can be round-the-clock, depends on 
what sort of combination we will do. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: 
And what is the update on the supplementary PPA for Mundra? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Right now, we are under Section 11, so let's see till what time it goes. Once it 
gets over, then we will look at the supplementary PPA. 
Bharanidhar Vijayakumar: 
And on the Mundra side, you mentioned that given variable cost has 
fallen and it's attractive for the discom to schedule on merit order dispatch. This 
is for the power of the plant. What would like the variable cost per unit right 
now that is in your 1__FY24 from Mundra? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
I think it's around Rs. 5, but I don't have exact numbers, but it's around that 
number. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Kumar from 
TRG Corporate Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Kumar: 
My question is Tata Power is spending in the EV space, so can I know that 
how much does the EV station contribute in your revenue? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, there are three businesses. One is the home charger, which we provide 
against the return. The 2nd is the bus charger where again it is on a return 
basis that we do. And the third is the public charger where it is on a revenue 
basis in the sense if the utilization is more, we get higher revenue. If it is less, 
we get it. So, there are two which has a guaranteed return, including the fleet 
charges, while the one is a public charger which is based on the demand 
supply. 
Gaurav Kumar: 
And you also installed EV charging setup in restaurants and resorts as well. 
So, what is the revenue sharing structure? I just wanted to know that you have 
installed more than 4,000 EV charging points. So, I just wanted to know what 
the revenue share is expected and how much revenue do you intend to 
generate in coming future? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
The typical arrangement with most of the people, whether they are in 
restaurants or shopping malls or any public parking place or it is in petrol 
stations depends on the owner of that place. In some places, it is a revenue 
sharing. In some places, it's a fee that you have to give on a monthly basis or 
yearly basis. So, different places have different models and we work on those 
lines. And of course there is a presentation that that has been put. You can 
see the details of each of these chargers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
The question is what is the price of RE, RTC, wind, solar, hybrid with storage 
along with it. So, at what tariff do you think is viable right now? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
See, it all depends where you are putting up. If you are putting up in 
Maharashtra, it has a different; if you are putting up in Rajasthan. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Rajasthan, which is very sunny or take a site which is windy and sunny. 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Every place in the country is sunny, right? You tell me where it is not sunny. 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, the idea is more generically to see how low that tariff has come? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, I would say a Rs. 3 range is a good range. People who have gone and 
done crazy numbers, they are struggling to execute those projects and the 
margins are impacted. So, in a better sunny place, better wind speed, it can be 
2.80 or 2.70. So, a Rs. 3 plus minus 10% is a good reference if you want to, 
but it's a very thumb rule sort of it. 
Sumit Kishore: 
But if you want to include storage along with it, say battery energy storage 
systems or pump storage hydro, for round-the-clock power, so then where 
would you see the RE, RTC tariffs? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Sumit, this is more an academic question, so let me give you a very generic 
answer or maybe a Rs. 5 tariff will be something that is there. But it all depends 
what sort of, see you want 4 hours of battery backup or you want 2 hours of 
battery backup, it all depends on that. So, very difficult to say number and say 
that this is the correct number and we cannot deviate, it is a different 
arrangement. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And just one question on the EPC business. We find that most of your utility 
scale EPC order book which is third party is PSU focused. So, how is the risk 
sharing on price of procurement of modules between Tata Power and your 
PSU customer? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
No one shares the risk, excepting that if there is any change in law that 
happens, the good thing with PSU is that you get paid on time. Many of the 
other developers don't pay on time and that's why we have been very averse 
to bidding for non PSUs. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, you basically take the risk of procuring modules and the volatility of prices 
in modules? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Absolutely, excepting for change in law. If there's any change in law, that takes 
place that we get protected. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gopal Nawandhar from 
SBI Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
So, receivables actually has gone up quarter-on-quarter. So, can you just 
ascribe which business this relates to? 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, receivables is a function of business growth. Also, many of them are little 
cyclical in terms of like I mentioned to you that in summer months, the 
consumption in the distribution areas increases, but the receivable comes in 
July month. So, May or June will be very high consumption and payments will 
start coming in July and August. So, that's the cycle that you have. Also, some 
of the cycles of some of the supplies that comes to us. We need to make 
payment depending upon what is the market condition. Sometimes we buy 
some of the material and stock it with us. So, there what happens is the 
receivables that we get change, but I think over a period of time our receivable 
number of days has reduced drastically. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
And the second question is that we have seen correction in the cell and module 
prices. Obviously, it should help our existing order book in terms of execution. 
My question is on our plant, which we are putting for cell and module, how 
should one look at that project IRR and whether the final product which comes 
out of these plants will be competitive enough to comparable with the import or 
you will need some more support from the government to replace the import? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, the cell and module, you know that there is a basic customs duty. On 
module, it is 40% and on cell, it is 25%. So, that gives the protection to the 
domestic manufacturer to the extent of the difference at which you would 
procure and pay the duty vis-à-vis what you manufacture over here. And in the 
Indian context, many of the plants, including our plant, we've got the PLI benefit 
and some of the other state incentives. So, I think we are going to be very 
competitive. We are going to be very efficient and we will be much better place 
compared to the imported modules that others would. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
I'll just try to rephrase and understand the point is maybe say 6 months, 9 
months back when we started these projects, the prices were different. And 
now prices have come off. So, what will help you in terms of reducing the cost 
or versus what maybe? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
The prices of the raw material also have reduced. See 6 months back, the 
wafer prices were Rs. 90 a Kg. Now it is Rs. 40 a Kg. So, everything has gone 
down. So, production cost will come down to that extent and you will be much 
more competitive. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
And the last bit on the wind side, we have seen significant reduction in the PLF 
year-on-year. Generally this is a high season month. So, 3% reduction year-

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
on-year, we have seen on the wind PLF. How should one look at it this in terms 
because there is? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Again, you should look at it all on a 12-month cycle. This year, the wind speeds 
in the month of June were very bad, but in July, it has got up. Last year, the 
June month was very good, but May was bad. So, these are things which are 
because of extreme weather conditions, things are changing, but on an overall 
basis, it is not happening. You have seen that Mumbai has got rain, what it was 
expected to get in the month of July itself, but August there is no rain. In June, 
there was very little of rain, so I think on an overall basis, whatever rain it has 
to get, the precipitation is more or less the same, but yes, it changes what used 
to take three months to fill up, today it takes maybe 2 months or 1.5 months to 
fill up. So, that is what it is. 
Gopal Nawandhar: 
So, there is no overall change in the assumption or there is no structural 
change in the pattern? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
No. If you see on a 12-month rolling basis, if you see it on a 1 month or 3-
month basis, you will find a change. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
Sir, regarding the adverse weather events in Odisha, so is it sort of allowed as 
a force majeure in terms of the impact on performance? Also, the incremental 
CAPEX that you would have to incur or is it something that the company has 
to take a hit? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, it is not a force majeure condition unlike full-fledged cyclone that takes 
place. So, what happens is the regulatory, the system allows any of these type 
of CAPEX that you need to incur and you incur those CAPEX as a part of your 
annual plan. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
And sir, the impact on performance that it has, is that allowed under the 
handover agreement or? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
No, the impact on performance, you need to catch up on that. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
And how will the commission look at this performance? Will it look at it on a 
rolling basis or a cumulative basis or what? 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Everything is on a yearly basis, nothing is on quarterly basis. 
Apoorva Bahadur: 
So, in case there's a bad weather event at the end of the year and because of 
that the performance is hampered, will be penalized? 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
So, you have to within the 12-month period until and unless I told you that if it 
is a declared cyclone or a declared extreme weather condition, so if it is 
declared, then they would consider it suitably, but if it is not a declared weather 
condition, then they don't consider. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our last question from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I have only one question. How should we read the profits of the share of 
associates in JV for this quarter? It has gone up on a sequential basis. So, 
what is the coal price approximately for the quarter? And should we take this 
as a sustainable run rate going forward, is there any change in the royalty tax 
which is incorporated in this also? Yes, that's it. 
Mr. J.V. Patil: 
So, mainly actually, there is a change in quantity. Actually, there is a slight 
increase in quantity of sales this quarter and in addition to this, because the 
prices have come down, so the cost of production also has been minimized. 
That effort has been put in by our coal JV partner. Those are the major things 
which have resulted in an increase in profit from our coal companies as 
compared to the Q4. And in addition to that, definitely the last year previous 
year, there was Tata projects losses that is not there in this year. The losses 
have reduced substantially. If you remember last year, it was actually Rs. 240 
odd crores. So, this year it is hardly anything. So, those are the two major 
things. 
Mr. Sanjeev Churiwala: 
I think I'll request you to have a look at Page number 32 of the 
uploaded investors deck. It has the complete breakdown. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand over the conference to Dr. Praveer Sinha for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Praveer Sinha: 
Thank you. Thank you very much to all of you for joining on this call. If you 
have any more questions, please get in touch with my colleagues, Kasturi and 
Rajesh, and we'll be more than happy to share the details. And I do look 
forward to having interaction with you during the next few months and we will 

 
The Tata Power Company Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
also have interaction with all the analysts like last year. Once we fix up the 
date, we'll inform you about this. Thank you. Thank you for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of the Tata Power, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
