  
Corporate Office: Mulla House 51, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Tel: +91 22 6149 7000 | www.bajajelectricals.com  
 
 
Registered Office: 45/47, Veer Nariman Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
Tel:  +91 22 6110 7800 | Email: legal@bajajelectricals.com | CIN: L31500MH1938PLC009887                                                                                                    
 
 
August 16, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
:  
Code No. 500031 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street Mumbai 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
:  
BAJAJELEC - Series: EQ 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:  Submission of the ‘Transcript of the Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call’ of Bajaj Electricals Limited 
(“Company”) 
 
Further to our letters dated August 2, 2023 and August 10, 2023, and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 30 (read with clause 15 of Para A, Part A, Schedule III) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), we are enclosing the Transcript of the Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call (i.e., Post 
Earnings/Quarterly Call), organized by Ambit Capital Private Limited on Thursday, August 10, 2023, at 5:30 
P.M. (IST), wherein, inter-alia, the unaudited financial results of the Company for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2023 were discussed.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Bajaj Electricals Limited 
 
 
Prashant Dalvi 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
PRASHANT 
ANANT DALVI
Digitally signed by 
PRASHANT ANANT DALVI 
Date: 2023.08.16 14:38:46 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Electricals Limited Q1 FY’24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ PODDAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO 
MR. E.C. PRASAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHRUV JAIN – AMBIT CAPITAL.  

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bajaj Electricals Limited Q1 FY’24 Earnings 
Call hosted by Ambit Capital. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Thank you. Hello, everyone welcome to Bajaj Electricals 1QFY24 Earnings Call. 
From the Management side today, we have with us Mr. Anuj Poddar – Managing Director and 
CEO, and Mr. E.C. Prasad – Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anuj Poddar: 
Thank you, Dhruv. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining our investor call today. 
Let me put my opening comments: 
We have had a soft quarter performance. This is largely due to a soft and muted discretionary 
consumption demand environment in the economy, coupled with a weak summer due to 
unseasonal rains. If I split up our results a little more for you, particularly we talk about consumer 
products, appliances, as well as Morphy Richards business actually has seen a growth, but partly 
offset by de-growth in the fans business because of the unseasonal rains in the summer period. 
As always, we have continued and try to balance out and optimize between our top line and 
margins. We have strived to protect our margins despite the various pricing and discounting 
actions prevalent in the marketplace. And while maintaining a slightly flattish revenue trend. 
We are closely tracking all of the sector performance and competition in the market. We believe 
that our performance is well in line with that, we have maintained the market shares and strive 
to maintain our balance of interest in that context. At the same time, despite there being a soft 
environment, we’ve not shied away from a strategic focus on product launches as well as brands 
strengthening, revolution of each of our four brands that we now operate.  
Finally, I want to highlight that margins are a reflection, not of the inherent weakness that we 
have, but of operating deleverage. If I may share, we continue to build for growth, we are upping 
and have increased our costs in aspects such as our R&D, as well as the setup of new consumer 
lighting verticals since the last three quarters. And you are also seeing some impact of the 
demerger cost getting built in at a corporate overall level that will stay for two to three quarter 
before the growth kicks in. All of these costs designed to deliver growth, in the short term, in a 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
weak demand environment these costs do come to bite us. But we are consciously not choosing 
to descale or roll back any of these because we think these are important for us from a medium 
to long term perspective. From an internal perspective we have done the math on this very clearly 
from idle budget perspective and we had let’s say about another 100 crores of revenue, lot of 
that gross margin on that revenue would have flowed straight down to the bottom line. And 
therefore, we would have seen a very different margin profile. So, the point I’m really 
highlighting there is that what you’re seeing is really a trend of external environment. The 
internal metrics as we track them are fairly healthy with the visible and conscious of that.  
Last one point, I’ll bring out logistics since that is something we spoken last time too, that 
transition continues to happen we have a roadmap on bringing down the logistics costs, we will 
see visible results of that in the P&L from Q3 onwards, and you will see improved benefits of 
the logistics cost optimization. 
So, with that, I’ll hand it back to the moderator. Thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the line of Anirudh Agarwal from Valuequest Investment Advisors. Please go 
ahead.  
Anirudh Agarwal: 
A few questions from my side. Sir first one on the lighting business if you could share the split 
between professional and consumer lighting and how both of those businesses had done, so 
consumer we know that there was some softness expected but how is the professional of the 
business done. The second question related to that on the consumer front was, what are some of 
the lead metrics that you are tracking. So, obviously the top line numbers continue to remain 
muted. But in terms of the GTM revamp the number of dealers, distributors appointed if you 
could share some outlook on that or what are some of the other metrics that you track that tell 
us that in the next couple of quarters, things will turn around on consumer lighting as well? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Anirudh thank you very much, firstly the professional and consumer lighting. Consumer lighting 
has seen a soft demand environment. So, there is de-growth in consumer lighting. On the 
professional lighting, we had a high base effect due to EESL orders last year in Q1, if you take 
out the EESL, professional lighting is a flat trend, therefore cumulatively you are seeing a 
negative growth or de-growth on lighting, but lead to high base and professional on EESL, 
otherwise it is flat, and it is negative on consumer. Having said that, when I’m saying high base 
for Q1, we are confident that Q2 will see a growth in the lighting business. Coming to your 
consumer products side, there are various metrics that we track, couple of them that I will call 
out for you, from a market perspective our market shares looking at various categories we do 
continue to grow that, we are growing that in the appliances business, Morphy Richards which 
had been soft has come back. And fans also we are growing our market share though we had a 
de-growth in this quarter in particular. Just one additional point I will make in fans is that 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
actually, looking at fans with a slightly larger arc, because you had the star rating regime ticking 
on 1st January. So, there is a lot of upheaval in that category from January till now. So, if you 
look at the six-month basis for that category, that’s a slightly more correct way to look at it. And 
we’re seeing those trends and the trends are positive. One last metric in that because we’ve been 
asked in the past, and we’ve been sharing. Our premiumization journey and portfolio mix 
continues to be healthy across product categories in fans I will call out data, last time we had 
shared that, that our sub economy fans it used to be +80% a couple of years ago, in Q4 was about 
67% of our total product mix, in Q1 now that is down to about 58%, which is showing a healthier 
mix on the economy and premium segment picking up for us.  
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Right. And on the consumer lighting business if you could share how we are based in terms of 
the entire revamp now and are some of the lead indicators at least turning green or are we still a 
couple of quarters away from? 
Anuj Poddar: 
A couple of quarters away, I have split that into three things, our products, our distribution, and 
then the revenue. Our product portfolio is almost fully in place so we have made huge progress 
and even in this quarter we’ve shown slides of the products that we rolled out. So, there we are 
on par with the leaders, which is not the case that used to be in the past. On the distribution of 
go to market side one is internally our team is fully in place. On the distributor front, we’ve put 
that in place but there, there is weakness because of the market weakness so the distributors that 
we put in place have quite frankly not fully employed the best efforts in the marketplace, 
including feet on the street. So, they need to see a momentum uptick in the demand for them to 
start investing in that more fully to get ROI on the investments. So, we believe as the demand 
cycle kicks in in the consumer lighting, with the product portfolio ready, our team in place and 
the distributor is appointed the last leg which is of them starting to do the push in the market will 
see an uptick once we have a bit of a tailwind, you should see that. You will see some growth 
for us in Q2 that’s more internal base, but you will see overall market growth from Q3. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Got it. Final question from my side on the margin front. So, if you have any estimate in terms of 
the GM hit that we had because of not being able to take the price hike in fans? 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so we don’t put out the GM, etc.,  at a category level. I will share that in the overall level 
using GM expansion for about sub 1%. But at a contribution level, it’s about 2.4% overall gross 
margin expansion that we’ve had in our business in Q1. And that goes back to my earlier 
comment, had the operating deleverage not been there that would have also been visible in the 
EBIT margins. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Renu Baid: 
First question is, the consumer business, how do we look at the overall margin trajectory 
improving once demand stabilizes or recovers from third quarter and in your view, how far are 
we now from our targeted levels of (+10%) or double-digit EBIT margins? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, Renu, thank you very much. And I know that’s the concern, that’s why I brought out that in 
my opening comments. The internal metrics are healthy, to my mind this is purely a question of 
operating leverage or de-leverage. As that kicks in, the demand kicks in, we are very confident 
it will see a sharp uptick in margins. So, that’s my answer to you on both of these aspects that 
you asked. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Secondly, in terms of the new BEE rated fans, compared to the current pricing and the 
costing, what kind of under recovery is still continue in this segment and how are we looking at 
the overall, the entire revamp of the positioning that we had done in the last two to three quarters, 
how is that resulting in terms of growth for us across segments and categories? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, on the fans, there is yet between 3% to 5% under recovery a lot of that is led by competitive 
forces, we’ve always maintained that we’re happy not to be drivers or leaders in price erosion 
unfortunately, some of competition is doing that. It would be healthier if we were all able to pass 
on these cost increases to the consumers, maybe as the tailwind kicks in you will see that happen. 
We will not be laggards as and when the market forces allowed us to. On the overall, the brand 
repositioning, etc.,  while that’s not visible in numbers right now, we are doing brand track study, 
these are category-by-category. Just yesterday, I’ve seen another set of brand track study, and 
that is showing very clear metrics in the brand track studies for us. We have visibility on that 
front. 
Renu Baid: 
Any updates on Nirlep that you can share in terms of how are we going ahead with respect to 
the distribution reach and growth in the portfolio? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Yes, so Nirlep you will see by first half of September, re-launch of Nirlep everything is ready, 
we’ve done a trade announcement, two weeks ago. The first half of September, you will see a 
consumer communication on Nirlep, with the new positioning and product range also. 
Renu Baid:  
And on the distribution side, your thing will have to invest materially or they are reasonably 
covered on the distribution doing for Nirlep? 
Anuj Poddar:  
So, actually distribution has been in place for a while now. So, that was being waiting for a 
launch from our end, we signed that so that pre festive we are ready to launch so that in the 
festive period we get the benefit of upside of Nirlep also. 
Renu Baid:  
Sure. And lastly related to the EPC business portfolio. Quickly in terms of what kind of timelines 
can we look in terms of the listing of the portfolio and on de-merger how do we look at the 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
balance sheet of the EPC business at the onset for this Company getting listed and starting 
afresh? 
Anuj Poddar:  
So, firstly, in terms of timeline of de-merger Renu, I would just say we’re the cusp of that, like 
we’ve shared all the statutory authority approvals are in place, there is last leg of documentation 
process, transition compliance, including with the clients and contractual, transitions in place 
right now. While I will not announce the public timeline, it should happen fairly soon from now. 
Post, the demerger, where obviously listing will follow in course, whatever the statutory 
timelines on that between 30 to 60 days, I think it’s 30 days. On the balance sheet, I’ll bring in 
our CFO he is going to talk.  
E.C. Prasad: 
So, Renu whenever this happens, this will happen with retrospective effect because our 
appointed date is 1st April 22 as on which date the capital employed for the business was around 
550 crores. So, what has happened is, the difference between the capital employed as of that date 
and the date on which we make it effective will go to them as cash. So, the capital employed 
will remain as 550 crores which moves to them. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Just a couple of questions. One you said discounting by competition, can you help us understand 
is it far more pronounced in a particular category or particular geography or combination of that? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, one is a combination of everything, it is happening across in the soft demand environment 
everybody is playing that differently, but there is a fair amount of discounting schemes or various 
forms of not taking price hikes, etc., that most competition is doing and slightly more 
pronounced in fans because, even if it’s not discounting the costs have gone up so price hikes 
not coming in. And therefore, on a net basis that amounts to a greater level of discounting but 
that across the board otherwise.  
Achal Lohade: 
Anything specific in kitchen appliances as well? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Kitchen also but I would say if you asked me relatively fans has a greater impact which was a 
lesser so, but it was there in kitchen also. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Secondly, with respect to how the demand environment has been in June the exit 
month of the quarter as well as July, are you seeing any signs of pickup or things remain because 
as we are getting into the festive period now? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, if we look at Q1 April, May, June, clearly April and May were particularly extremely weak, 
June was definitely much better than April and May. So, there was a growth phase in that month. 
Again, in June, what we’ve seen, and let’s say fans in particular also, tertiary demand has really 
picked up, for coolers also we saw pickup in tertiary demand in May and June. So, that’s a 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
positive sign, some of that did not translate to primary or secondary demand, because at that 
point people are not stocking up. But even if a tertiary demand has happened, I will be more 
happier for that to have happened because it sets us well for the following seasons and with a 
positive sign for that to catch up. I’ll hold off my comments right now in July and for Q2, let 
that come in. But we are far more positive on Q2 than Q1. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And sorry, I’m hopping on the margin front let’s assume like you said in the second 
half things normalized in terms of demand environment. How do we look at the margin 
trajectory, how soon can we expect double digit margins given the various measures you are 
undertaking and also at the same time the investments?  
Anuj Poddar: 
So, Achal, I’ll never put a timeline but let me tell you, a second half like you said if demand 
picks up, we’ve done our math, the operating leverage will kick in, it would have happened even 
in these months that we hit slightly higher numbers we’ve got that one there. Like I said, our 
cost structure and our built in or baked in for higher growth in the future, and that we’re not 
pulling in. So, therefore it has to come in through greater demand in revenue. Lastly, the one big 
lever that we see kicking in and Q3 is logistics. We are yet hampered with some of the 
transitionary costs that are there and that will, we map that out month-on-month, so you will see 
that kicking in from October. So, given that you will see margin expansion on Q3, on double-
digit, while will not give a projection it will not happen this year but assume some point next 
year onwards you should start getting closer to that destination. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Would you be able to quantify what is the fixed cost here which we are talking 
about the operating leverage what is the extent of fixed cost element in our cost excluding raw 
material. How much is variable and how much is fixed? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, more than quantify, I will tell you that the components of that, like I said if you look at 
overall R&D cost, if you look at the overall cost of a consumer lighting division that we set up 
for which we have not got the upside now. And then overall establishment cost including, okay 
my CFO is telling 450 crore, I quite frankly don’t have math’s so I will have to reverse do the 
math on what we’re seeing here. But these are drives, and then production, promotional cost, 
etc. We are creating four brands, all of those are coming in as a cost. So, these we don’t want to 
step back on right now. And the last bit is a digital and transmission technology costs. Those are 
investments that are going in, we have a digital transmission roadmap that will end by October 
24, OND 24th. So, those are also cost that are getting built in right now. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And just one more question, if I may with respect to the refreshed range across 
categories, is it possible to get a number as to how much is that contribution what SKUs you 
have launched in last say two years, what is the contribution now and how do we see that 
trajectory moving going forward. Given the step up in terms of R&D and the A&P you are 
talking about? 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, number of SKUs for this quarter we put in this quarterly deck, we’ve done that every quarter. 
So, I don’t remember the full number for FY23, if I remember correct CP was about 160 SKUs 
and lighting, I don’t remember offhand, but could be 500 or so and that range would be. A two-
year number I’ll have to see, but the year prior also similar slightly higher for CP, if I remember 
correctly exactly a two-year number. In terms of contribution if your question is NPD 
contribution to total revenues. While we don’t publish that, internally we do track that three, four 
years ago that used to be in single digits. It is well above 20% right now, in NPD contribution. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, it’s related to the fan and where you had mentioned that and also in the PPT it’s around 8.5% 
of a de-growth in the value terms and similarly, also you had mentioned that your premium fan 
contribution has also increased. So, it’s fair to assume that’s the volume de-growth is in the 
double digits kind off? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I haven’t done the math, but yes, it should in a very early double digits. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And also, if you can talk on, because you are one of the largest players in the fan segment, 
and that too in the economic side of a business. So, is there any change in the market scenario 
on that front as well? 
Anuj Poddar: 
For us, you mean obviously? 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, as the volume de-growth is in the double-digit range so is that a competition is a? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, that’s why, I did mention in the opening comments, one of the other answer, we are growing 
market share, may not beyond Q1 in particular because everybody has since the January star 
rating regime, there’s a lot of disruption in the sense, market overall between the primary players, 
the distribution and retail network, etc., and how stalking is happening of everybody’s portfolios. 
So, if you look at the six months, we’ve looked at our six months trend from Jan to now, we 
have only gained share that is two of last year and before that also. So, what I’m trying to say is, 
post the transition to start rating regime also we’ve looked at, share has continued to grow. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And the next question is, if you can give that contribution or in the consumer product 
segment for appliances, fans and Morphy Richards? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, we don’t break up contribution by these categories, we don’t share that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir two things, one can you share the upside about Nex brand and what are the products that we 
have introduced, the categories that we have introduced. How premium is the price point 
compared to our existing range of Bajaj. And second thing is now, Nirlep that we are launching, 
so post Nirlep what will be the positioning will it be a premium end of the market or low end of 
the market also, at some point of time it used to be a pretty strong brand in western India. So, 
I’m assuming it might have lost some brand appeal since there were almost no sales. So, how do 
we plan to rejuvenate the brand and now since we will be investing in two categories, Nex and 
Nirlep so do you see that taking additional ad spend and initial launch expenses and impacting 
the margins or so. That’s it from my end. 
Anuj Poddar: 
So. let me answer all your questions. What is Nex is a soft launch right now it’s time to actually 
grow and be more push launch by next summer. It is largely fans category that we’ve launched 
or not largely actually entirely focused on the fans category, we’ve launched about, eight to 10 
SKUs in that category. The price range for that starts at about 2500 and goes up to about 7500 
at an MOP level. And therefore, if you see versus Bajaj, Bajaj sweet spot mostly was at 1300 
kind of a range, and Bajaj did have and now does have a broader range that also goes up, that 
goes up into 3500, 4000. So, the next clearly starts at the top end of Bajaj it goes much higher. 
In terms of Nirlep positioning, tagline is “Everyday Health”. So, positioning is going to be 
around health and nutrition. All our brands, we believe the positioning has never had a price 
point. So, premium economy is not the positioning, that can be a price offering of different 
products. The positioning of a brand is on a proposition so, Bajaj is “Built for Life”, Nex is on 
“Feel the Future”, and for Nirlep is on health and nutrition tagline of “Everyday Health”. The 
products in terms of which segments they appeal to, based on the different product categories 
that is cookware, pressure cooker, etc., we will have a different range of products that will cover 
but then again on the case of Nirlep could be a wider range of coverage and historically add. To 
your question on the brand spent historically you are correct. It was historically western region 
brand and has been a brand that has been quiet and out of consumer mind for quite a few years 
now to come. So, therefore now as we re-launch it will take two, three years for that brand to get 
fully resurrected and when we do that, we will not keep it as a western region centric brand, but 
it will become a pan India brand, but that will require investment and consistency over the next 
two, three years we will give it that growth. Again, in that brand is not just a brand, but product 
category expansion is something we are doing, we are starting with pressure cookers and you 
see us launching September at the consumer level. So, we will keep expanding the portfolio in 
Nirlep also. Sorry, remind me your last question, you had one more question. Anirudh, did I 
answer all, we had one more sub question to this? 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Just the pricing point, the Nirlep range is compared to. 
Anuj Poddar: 
Pricing like a brand, more on health and nutrition, pricing is straddled based on all, so pressure 
cookers will be different, cookware will be different, it is scheduled by various price points based 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
on where we see the different portfolio play out generally, but it will be broader or wider than it 
used to be in the past. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sure, sir understood. Lastly initially you indicated that we have gained market share. So, if you 
can indicate as far as in detail possible the key market share gains in the key categories for us? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, Anirudh unfortunately we don’t share or publish that, the only reason being there is no 
official accurate data available for that. So, while we do subscribe to all the data market funds 
GFK, etc., that shows us that but till it is not accurate data we don’t publish the data. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities India Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
My first question is on the margin. Now, the road to double digit margin will necessarily come 
through operating leverage, given your ANP is higher than peers obviously, when the revenue 
picks up the operating leverage will kick in. But, you are spending on four brands, and some of 
those brands are at a very nascent stage, like Nex and Nirlep. How do you intend to really see 
the benefit of operating leverage you did talk about R&D spend, but what are the other levers 
you have in your hand, to see the double-digit margins journey that we have been waiting for? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, now little bit repeat of what I’ve already said, one is operating leverage clearly, we are 
spending on brand and R&D, but also if you at logistics to my mind is one, it remains where 
over two years I should have Nex have about 2% to 3% optimization, some of that will start 
kicking in from Q3 like I mentioned here. Also lighting if you see, a look at us consolidated now 
as an FMEG Company, lighting already seen a healthy uptick in margin that will continue to 
grow also based on product portfolio mix starting to become better. So, let me put in three 
buckets, operating leverage, product portfolio mix becoming better and attacking some of these 
inefficiencies such as logistics. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Okay. Now, my second question is on Nex, do you see Nex as only a Fans brand, or do you see 
that as a premium brand or extension of Bajaj product? What is really the product publishing as 
far as Nex is concerned? 
Anuj Poddar:  
So, for now, it remains focused on fans we will see in the future what we do. Keeping fans is a 
large enough category for us to focus on with two brands 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anirudh Agarwal from Valuequest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Two more questions from my side. First is on the generic channel, so GT obviously has seen 
significant de-growth in this quarter, is there anything to read into the urban versus rural GT 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
performance. And I’m asking this question because the alternate channel has done really well in 
a quarter where GT has de-grown significantly? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Sorry, I didn’t fully hear, so you spoke about GT growth and what is the question? 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Yes, so is there a difference between how urban GT and rural GT has done? 
Anuj Poddar: 
There is a difference and I’ve seen that now. So, I will say this, but take this with a little bit of, 
don’t take it very literally, we are seeing a little strengthening of rural, but not being fully 
reflected because urban is actually starting to be weaker than it was in the past. So, if you look 
at most of the commentary last three, four or five quarters not just from us, from FMCG, etc.,  
urban is holding, rural has been weak. So, now the commentary has been about rural green 
shoots, et cetera, we are seeing some of that, but we are seeing the bottom half of the urban 
market, exhibits a little sign of weakness on this discretionary consumption. That said, the reason 
I’m saying is don’t take that very literally because some of this data is too shallow, it’s literally 
last two months that we have cut that to actually deep dive into this thing, I would want to always 
see a trend a little longer term, a little broader before we take that as a genuine trend. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Got it. That good to hear and then in that context, we had embarked on this SSSG journey on 
the GT channel specifically. So, will that still continue to hold, it is just a function of macro 
revival according to you or other thing that we need to do to really get that SSSG engine going 
on the GT side? 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so that SSSG holds, we are focusing on WD, it’s a weighted distribution mode and we have 
historically done. And that’s also a reflection of our product portfolio becoming more, I don’t 
use the word premium, but filling in the product portfolio at the upper end we’re lacking on. So, 
because of that, that’s helping us in our WD journey. The gap that we had in our context was we 
are under indexing urban markets. So, that is also an area of focus for us, both the WD focus and 
urban focus are pretty much corollary to each other. That said, it is not at the cost of rural or 
other markets so that we will continue to defend but I do think, we will see over the next two, 
three years disproportionate growth for us coming from urban a higher value counter. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Got it. One more question on the alternate channel front so this quarter we’ve seen significant 
growth on the alternate channel so, are we seeing very significant market share gains, especially 
on the MT side? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Yes, MT has been good traction for last couple of years if you look at earlier decks also. And 
again, that’s a reflection of our acceptance in urban markets of the new product range of these 
MTs, that historically were not warm to our brands actually, taking well to our brands. And the 
most recent example of that is, the personal grooming range that we’ve launched for Morphy 
Richards online for now, has got very good traction right now. And that’s a Q2 launch it is 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
publicly visible, therefore I’m talking about that. And some of that is where we will continue to 
see expansion going forward also. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Understood. And there is still a large pipeline of empty stores that you would have which we’ve 
not tapped in regional retail, etc. Would that be a fair assessment or would it be more SSSG lead 
going ahead? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Both, so firstly MT, it’s not that we not tap the stores, but our presence in those stores or billing 
in those stores was less, the billing in presence in those stores have expanded while we have a 
descent reach across MT also so far. But like I said, we’re not going to go away from the SSSG 
on GT, because that will remain the core from a scale perspective. And therefore as demand 
kicks in back from a broader environment perspective we do think GT will also grow, the growth 
will not come only from alternate channels. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
Understood. And my final question on the margin, so you broke down the margin expansion into 
three components. What part of that would, if we want to expand margin by 4% say over the 
next couple of years, what part of that will be driven by GM expansion broadly in your 
assessment? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Very hard to put a pinpoint to that, but if I was to take a broad brush, about 2% more should 
come from GM. 
Anirudh Agarwal: 
And that is premiumization largely right? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Mix of premiumization, I do think there should be some optimization on your cost and sourcing 
front also.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shrinidhi from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Shrinidhi: 
Just one question from my end, on the appliances business you seem to have done very well 
about 10% growth. One thing would it be possible to share some color on how individual 
subcategory have done within the appliances? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Shrini unfortunately not, we don’t break that up but, as a state broad ways growth across the 
appliance categories. 
Shrinidhi: 
Some color on how? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, I will tell you our leading categories are kitchen, coolers and water heaters. 
Shrinidhi: 
But a lot of peers have reported weak numbers in kitchen, so can you just put some order in 
which how they have grown at least? 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so I can’t break that up further, but we have had growth in kitchen also and that’s the positive 
news I want to share. 
Shrinidhi: 
Fair enough.  
Anuj Poddar: 
may also call out even mixer grinders, etc., which had been subdued for a few quarters now, we 
started to see growth in mixer grinders category also. 
Shrinidhi: 
Fine. And I just want to understand on the margin lever, and on the gross margin improvement 
levers, the premiumization is one important lever, just on the pricing itself I want to understand 
is there a scope to reduce the discount as which the like-for-like products are sold under Bajaj 
brand versus their market leader? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, I put it differently, a lot of the discounting that you are seeing now is the split reaction to a 
weak demand situation. And therefore, getting the tailwind in demand up is very important, 
because it’s not this operating leverage in terms of a P&L, but a lot of this desperate, unhealthy 
discounting, will go away from the market as that kicks in. So, which is why I believe that these 
are not normal but will have far more significant impact on all of us in the positive sense.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Is it possible to get some idea say from FY23 data, in terms of the sales mix, how much would 
be ECOM, modern retail and GT and what we gather is that there is slight rethink about the TOC 
or RREPs. So, any color in terms of how the mix is going to change? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, Achal if I got your question right, firstly you are asking FY23 overall channel wise mix 
right?  
Achal Lohade: 
Channel mix yes. 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, FY23 on a full year basis, trade which is GT was about 65% and therefore rest being alternate 
in that I can call out e-commerce is about 12%. And then, modern trade and government. Right 
now in the June quarter trade is down to about 61% and therefore alternate is up to 38% to 39%. 
In that again, e-commerce is about 11% because modern trade and others have grown well. I’m 
sorry, your second part of the question was? 
Achal Lohade: 
So, with respect to the RREP? 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so there is no rethink on RREP but, the way we were applying RREP something we made a 
little more evolved or sophisticated what we call an RREP 2.0. Earlier we had applied the 
principles of TOC as a one size fits all so across all categories, across all geographies, urban, 
rural, etc., and across your state. We made some modifications to that to where it benefits us in 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
the categories of markets we’ve kept it. There are some nuances that were required for example 
lighting business has different nuances, fans have certain nuances, and as we try to go deeper 
down on rural or absolute top WD counters, we need to cater to some of their unique 
requirements. So, all we’re doing is, creating a more sophisticated RREP 2.0 is a full great 
internally that we have, and where what fits in is a little bit of a what I would call the hybrid or 
evolved RREP that we are rolling out right now. I’ll give you one more example of that, in the 
RREP we had collapsed all BUs and all product categories into one CP and therefore all 
distributors also, one distributor for all product categories quite honestly, that was not doing 
justice to us or the distributors because they do not have either the bandwidth or the inclination 
of focus on all categories. So, there again when I say hybrid we started doing a hybrid depending 
on each market and each distributor, where a distributor has inclination and capacity to service 
all the product categories we maintain, where distributors or markets require different 
distributors for different categories we’ve differentiated on that. So, that’s what I mean by RREP 
2.0. We have just relooked at the model it’s RREP but it’s slightly more sophisticated model 
around it. 
Achal Lohade: 
And in that case, do you see #A, the conflict and #B, any impact on the sales in the transition 
and how long will this transition or changes which will take place? 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so I wouldn’t call it as conflict but we will see upsides on that for example consumer lighting, 
now you have some cases common distributors for consumer and lighting in some case is 
different, again we are talking Nirlep or the new Nex band we are going to again have a similar 
hybrid thing where some places common submit is not, but the upside is not fully visible for the 
reasons that I explained earlier in this market, distributor is not investing in the lighting go to 
market fully, particularly new people getting into this business established it’s fine, we are newly 
getting into that you wait for little tail wind for that to come. So, in Nirlep once the launch 
happens then we’ll start seeing that. In Nex, by next summer you will start seeing that effect. So, 
I put it not as conflict but this model takeoff will start happening as each of these segments or 
market or categories start taking off. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just last question with respect to the in-house what is the mix as of now and how do 
you see it evolving next three to five years given now we are as good as a pure appliances 
Company. How do you see that mix evolving given the cash flows and the focus on the business? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, our mix on consumer stays between 15% to 20% in-house, on lighting our mix has gone up 
that’s about +30% that is in-house but more important is the mix within the in-house so what 
we’re making in-house and what we are making outside that is a constantly evolving so lighting 
for example, we pushed out on the consumer lighting and brought in more of the professional 
lighting higher value add products. Similarly, consumer lighting focus on higher value add 
products and stop doing so much for the lower value products. The consumer side for example, 
I’ve shared this in the past while our mix in fans is changing at a product level. So, too, our 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
manufacturing mix of higher value premium fans with its Nex or Bajaj fans is something that is 
more and more in-house including putting up a very advanced paint workshop, etc., in-house. 
Similarly on the mixers or water heaters, etc., we are upgrading the quality of profile of products 
that we are making in-house versus some of the more routine products is what we’re moving out 
there. That churn will continue because every time as NPD comes in, we typically try and 
balance out NPD production and put a higher fraction of the NPD production in-house for 
various reasons there. Going forward, I don’t have a number, lighting that 30%, 35% may go 
up, I don’t know 40%, 45% not more than that. Consumer will be much below lighting, it will 
be sub 30% is my guess, if there is a bounce around 30%, that said to us a driver a lot of this 
decision also making ROCE metrics. So, we don’t want to look at margin as absolute but overall 
ROCE what is healthier from an ROCE perspective. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, first question was on lifecycle of a kitchen business. Nirlep, I’m not very sure about when it 
starts you already said but when it actually takes shape going into the rest of the festival season, 
how does it look like, it will be a three-year journey, two years journey in terms of getting a top 
line right, and the business profit, or like 18, 24 months of breakeven at EBITDA level and then 
it turns profitable, so I am a bit under knowledge on kitchen appliances P&L. So, that’s one, the 
sub question to that was also that, kitchen appliances largely a very regional local play in India. 
And we have seen consolidation, we’ve seen other peers buying out larger kitchen appliances 
brands, most business strategy we are talking about is, taking them outside of their home market. 
So, it’s more pan India network, more wider ranges of kitchen appliances coming up in the 
similar brand names. So, largely this is going to be unorganized shift to organized from an 
industry perspective and then, when we do this pan India when we increase our distribution 
channel, how do the margins actually be it is again tying up with the lifecycle of the kitchen 
appliance. That’s my first question.  
Anuj Poddar: 
So, Rahul actually it’s a very multifaceted, integrated question I’ll try and break up them into 
different parts, break up to different products. One is Nirlep to us is a three-to-five-year journey 
it’s not an 18-to-24-month journey. And not necessarily meaning from a breakeven perspective, 
but from the potential and the target addressable market for that product categories, etc.,  there’s 
a lot of expansion and diversification possible in Nirlep without losing focus. Across all of what 
I would call NEKA range – non-electrical kitchen appliances. But there will be a stepladder to 
doing that we will not, cannot do all of it at one go. So, we will do it in a staggered manner, but 
you will keep seeing us drive growth on Nirlep over next three to five years in actually well 
beyond that. That said, we will remain P&L conscious so while there will be some investments 
in Nirlep, we don’t expect it to be a huge drag on the P&L, there will be moderate investments 
that we will make, the way we look at it also from a from another larger areas of investments 
will be brand building, like one of the earlier persons asked on the call, it is a brand that has got 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
a good legacy, but not necessarily a good immediate past and therefore it’s something that we 
have to revitalize and rebuild, we will do that over next three to five years, as we invest in that 
brand because we think the payoffs in that will continue into the future. In terms of your question 
on consolidation, etc. Yes, there is some amount of that happening in the industry, you will see 
a greater trend of that maybe two years from now by 25 or so, I do think you will see greater 
consolidation, consolidation will happen in two ways. One is maybe M&A kind of inorganic 
actions, but also purely player shutting off, even today you are seeing a lot of the reported 
numbers, look at the bottom lines and the margins, you cannot operate businesses at 0%, 0.5%, 
2%, minus 2%, etc. So, somewhere people will have to make a call on capital allocation and 
what kind of returns and ROCE you want to generate from these businesses. So, that will trigger 
various forms of consolidation two years from now, and that we are very clear. The other lever 
or form of consolidation is unorganized to organize, which was another part of your question. 
That trend is very clear and secular that you are seeing across product categories, different 
categories, different levels of unorganized and organized. The non-electrical kitchen appliances 
that is cookware, etc.,  has amongst the highest levels of unorganized market share. So, that and 
therefore that goes in line with my earlier answer Nirlep, actually Nirlep not just three, five year 
but it’s going to seven, 10-year runway as this shift from unorganized to organized continues to 
happen and we will continue to drive that shift here. To your question on globalization, we have 
to understand globalization in these categories will not play out like in many other categories. 
So, as pans has got a certain level of export market, the moment it comes to kitchen, kitchen 
nuances or preferences are very triggered by social cultural factors. In fact, not just from a global 
versus India, but within India, every region of India has very different cultural cooking, eating 
lifestyle, habits and therefore that is reflected in the kind of appliances and nuances that you 
have across these. And that dramatically changes as you go outside India. So, I do think there 
are very different challenges and product profiles that work outside India than work in India for 
the kitchen. So, that is not easily replicable or scalable. The other factor I’ll put in there when 
people are talking about globalization or exports, a lot of this is today happening when it comes 
to cookware, et cetera, in the form of OEM business or contract manufacturing. That is 
something clearly we are not interested in, we don’t see it as a strategic focus or priority for us. 
We think there are many challenges with contract manufacturing models from a lot put it out in 
the financial aspects you all understand that well. But clearly we don’t think that’s the way that 
we want to go into the future. So, any exports or global model that we look at in the near or long 
term will be based on brand led our own business, not on contract manufacturers. Hopefully, I 
answered your various parts of your question. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you so much for that, just to conclude this question. So, basically should be built in 
like three to five crore EBITDA cap losses over the next three to five years. Is that fair enough? 
Anuj Poddar: 
I will not give you a number Rahul, but you can build in small numbers like you stated of 
negative drag. 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay, get it. On the mix or in terms of in-house and outsourcing you obviously in the previous 
question explained a bit. But if you could highlight in terms of incrementally you said the shares 
are going to go up overall for the Company. What would be like a CAPEX plan and which are 
the products where you are investing going into next three years? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, CAPEX plan I will tell you for the visible 12 months is in the range of 150 crores, any large 
CAPEX internals in-house of factory production we put it off for 2025 discussion, so we’ll 
evaluate that at that point. We’ll share any details at that point, at least for the next 18 months 
we don’t expect significant CAPEX there. And this, again, comes from two factors. one is, we 
just think we have our hands full on doing many things on growth without resorting to heavy 
CAPEX, we have operationally product launches, NPD, etc.,  rather focus on that there at the 
manufacturing end right now, but also in terms of ROCE consciousness, as we build up our 
balance sheet, cash capital on the balance sheet, that capital allocation decision of high CAPEX 
changing our performance metrics on this or approach on this we put it off for 2025 and later, 
we will review it at that point of time. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Get it. So, we should build about 150 crores next 18 months, is that correct?  
Anuj Poddar: 
150 crores annualized. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Annualized, okay get it. And lastly on lightning, consumer lightning mainly, we are seeing some 
price declines on LED pricing. I hear that it’s global, it’s not only India problem, and there is an 
import dumping happening either on led into India any thoughts on what is the exact trend here 
just bit more detail on this as in do you expect it to stabilize now or if that continue, the channel 
will still be vary in terms of stocking up more LED and hence, consumer lighting will continue 
to see a lower year of fiscal 24? 
Anuj Poddar: 
So, my view is Rahul, these are two separate issues, there is price erosion in LEDs, that’s always 
been the case for many years, and it continues right now. But I would say the magnitude of price 
erosion, single digits right now unlike we see double digits in the past. So, the scale or magnitude 
of the sharp timelines on price erosion will definitely reduce. That said, it continues to be a 
headwind against growth. So, the issue of lower total sales or consumer demand on consumption 
is more led to demand factor than the economy factors then the price erosion. So, as that 
consumption, consumer demand, discretionary demand, housing, interiors, etc.,  comes in, that 
will pick up irrespective of price erosion, you’ve seen that in, let’s say if minus the last three 
quarters or four quarters before that consumer lighting business was growing in India. And it 
will come back so, irrespective of price erosion, I don’t know whatever timeframe we take of 
overall consumption demand coming back, you will see that trend also in consumer lighting. 
And therefore our task really is to make sure our growth in this business is more than the 
deflation effect of price erosion. And we’ve done that in the past, if you minus the last one we’ve 
done it, we will do it again there’s not a problem in that. Sorry, one last point to add to that. The 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
other counter to this price erosion is that price erosion is usually more accentuated at the lower 
end of the market into the product, commoditized products, the basic lamps, etc.,  and the other 
solution to that is actually to keep adding more value-added products, which is what we’re doing 
in consumer lighting in the past, we did not have that. So, if we look at a product range on 
consumer lighting that we’ve been showcasing the last three to four quarters that value added 
products are continuing to grow and therefore the margins in those products also are healthier. 
You are seeing uptick in our lighting margins over the last many quarters even this quarter while 
it’s a marginal uptick, despite revenue de-growth you see the margin uptick. So, as revenue 
grows and consumer lighting grows, that margin uptake will be much sharper in lighting. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. And last small one on BLDC fans, I see the share going up pretty substantially obviously 
more of that has happened since January, Feb. Your experience on after sales as in the quality 
of the product and acceptability in the market, obviously sales have gone up but from an after 
sales perspective are you receiving any more complaints, or is the traction very high or is it very 
low, or its pretty smooth?  
Anuj Poddar: 
So, no complaints right now Rahul, but typically complaints in BLDC because of PCB, other 
factors which start coming in two years hence. And that is something we are very conscious of 
that, while there’s a positive side to BLDC in terms of energy efficiency, there is a positive 
induction technology that is not an outdated technology, it’s not a weaker technology, maybe 
it’s as good or better if you look at a longer five-year perspective on the product, etc. But the life 
of a BLDC fan induction fan is different. And you will see across it’s not any particular 
manufacturer or brand, you will see some impact on service, in claims and PCB failures, between 
a two-to-five-year timeframe on BLDC fans. A lot of that will start becoming visible again two 
years from now across the industry. Coming back to my view on the market with the new regime, 
today you’re seeing the market segment itself between one star fan and five-star fan and the 
perception that 5 Star is a go to for energy efficiency. In reality, ultimately the market will 
converge towards the 3 Star fans or 4 Star fans also which today are seeing very less traction. If 
you look at every other product category whether it’s an AC, refrigerator, etc., actually 3 Star 
and 4 Star product offerings account for greater shares than 5 Star. And that will happen in due 
course, as this category also matures. And mind you, all of that will be induction motors, not 
BLDC. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Are we provisioning more for BLDC for facing those kind of expenses to your ends? 
Anuj Poddar: 
No, so we don’t need to really provision higher, I will not share some of our internal how we 
have approached that, but we try to address that in different ways at a production level, etc. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshit Golecha an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Bajaj Electricals Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Harshit Golecha: 
I just have two quick questions. Can we see any take overs for in the near future, or say 
something like inorganic growth? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Harshit, I was doing a takeover tomorrow, I wouldn’t announce it in a call like this. Jokes apart, 
I am sorry, I was just taking that in a lighter way, I understand your question. 
Harshit Golecha: 
Are we interested or something like for any M&A or inorganic growth for, or takeover of any 
brand or something like that? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Harshit, my answer to that is, this is something that we have to be opportunistic about. It is not 
baked into it. 
Harshit Golecha: 
But we are open for it? 
Anuj Poddar: 
We are open to it. That’s a change from two years ago, we were not open to it for various reasons 
including balance sheet reasons. Going forward, we are open to it. But it has to tick many boxes 
for us. So, we’re not desperate or dependent or will not do it for vanity reasons. And just to 
emphasize that, therefore our growth will happen irrespective of inorganic. So, that’s how we’re 
looking at it. 
Harshit Golecha: 
Okay. And when can we expect this EPC to demerge, maximum like timeline? 
Anuj Poddar: 
Again, like I said, pretty soon enough you will hear that soon not very long, and not too many 
months from now. Well before the end of this calendar year, well before that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will take this as a last question for the day. I 
now hand the conference over to the management the closing comments. 
Anuj Poddar: 
Thank you very much. So, I will just reiterate what I said at the start. We know it’s been a soft 
quarter, but it is a soft quarter in the reflection of the market environment, not anything else. 
Quite honestly, if you know we have compared that with our own level through primary data, or 
it will look at all the results and compare us with ECD and FMEG results, you are seeing that as 
a common trend and came across this segment. Internally we are very clear that, that is not 
stopping us from doing all the right actions, we will continue to drive the right actions. And as 
you see, markets improve or tailwinds come in, you will see margin expansion kick in which is, 
as I pick up the primary concern you all have but we are as confident as we’ve always been on 
that front. That’s all, thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
