Member: NSE « BSE « MSE » NCDEX « ICEX 
MCX 
Clearing & Trading Member 
: Cash, F&O, Currency, Debt & Commodity 
SEBI Regn. No. 
: INZ 000199438 » Research Analyst No. 
: INH100001849 « Investment Adviser No. 
: INA100012491 
¢ 
SMC GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
Osmec 
  
  
Moneywise. Be wise. 
Regd. Office 
: 11/6B, Shanti Chamber, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 
Ph 
: +91-11-30111000, 40753333 
Fax 
: +91-11-25754365 « CIN No. 
: L74899DL1994PLC063609 
E-mail 
: smc@smcindiaonline.com 
Website 
: www.smcindiaonline.com 
Date: 25th May, 2023 
  
 
Listing Operations 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Limited, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra 
(E ) Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 543263 
Symbol: SMCGLOBAL 
 
 
  
Sub: Submission of the Transcript of Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In 
compliance 
with 
regulation 
30 
of 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Part A (15) of Schedule III, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
This will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.smcindiaonline.com 
This is for your information and record. 
For SMC Global Securities Limited 
Suman Kumar 
E.V.P. (Corporate Affairs) & Company Secretary 
Membership No. F5824 
  
MUMBAI OFFICE 
: AWing, 401/402, Lotus Corporate Park, Graham Firth Steel Compound, Off Western Express Highway, Jay Coach Signal, Goregaon East 
Mumbai-400063 Ph: +91-22-67341600, 66481818 Fax 
: +91-22-67341697 E-mail 
: smcmumbai@smcindiaonline.com 
KOLKATA OFFICE: 
18, Rabindra Sarani, Poddar Court, Gate No. 4, 5th Floor, Kolkata - 700001 
Ph 
: +91-33-66127000 Fax 
: +91-33-66127004 
  
  
 
: 
a 
UHFONERNG INVES1ORS 
E-mail 
: smckolkata@smcindiaonline.com 
A SEB initiative f 
 
SUMAN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
SUMAN KUMAR 
Date: 2023.05.25 
19:36:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SMC Global Securities Limited Q4 FY23 
earnings conference call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on 
your touch-tone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you Mrs. Jain. 
Purvangi Jain: 
 Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of SMC Global Securities Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
earnings conference call for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ending 2023. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as 
assumptions made by information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating in today's earnings 
conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us. Mr. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal – Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group. Mr. Mahesh C. Gupta 
– Vice Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group. Mr. Ajay Garg – Director and CEO of 
SMC Global Securities Limited; Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Chairman and CEO of Moneywise 
Financial Services Private Limited; Mr. D. K. Aggarwal – CMD of SMC Capitals Limited; Mr. 
Anurag Bansal – Director of SMC Global Securities Limited; Mr. Pranay Aggarwal – Chairman 
and CEO of Stoxkart (Moneywise Finvest Limited); and Mr. Vinod Kumar Jamar – President 
and Group CFO. 

 
Page 2 of 8 
I will hand it over to Mr. Subhash C. Aggarwal for his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you to the earning 
conference call of our company for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year Ended 2023. 
For the benefit of those joining this call for the first time, let me begin by providing some 
background information on our company to get everyone on the same page. SMC Global 
Securities Limited over the years has grown into a diversified financial services company 
offering a wide spectrum of services like brokerage, investment banking, wealth 
management, distribution of financial products, financing, insurance broking, clearing and 
depository services, fixed income securities, financial advisory services to corporate 
institution, high net worth individuals, and other retail clients. 
We have a strong network of more than 2548 sub-brokers and authorized persons spreading 
across 452 cities in India. Over the years, we have also launched various innovative digital 
technology-enabled capabilities to offer best in class products and services. Our discount 
broking arm under the brand name of Stoxkart which is a first of its kind platform in the 
broking industry has noticed a very positive response. The company is governed by strong 
board including six independent director of high standing and is run by highly qualified and 
experienced management team with our established presence and by embracing the latest 
technology. We are pioneers for continued growth in coming years. 
I now hand over to Mr. Vinod Jamar – our Group CFO to take you through the financial and 
operational accomplishments for the 4th quarter of financial year 2023. 
Vinod Jamar:  
Thank you Subhash Sir and Good after noon everyone. Let me take you through the Financial 
Performance of the company for the Fourth Quarter of the Financial Year 2023. 
On a consolidated basis, the operating income for the fourth quarter was Rs 306 crores, 
which grew by 5.5% on year-on-year basis. Operating EBITDA was reported at approximately 
Rs 63 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 20.48% for the quarter. 
Net profit after tax was reported at Rs 22 crores while PAT margin stood at 7.17%. For the 
financial year ended 2023, the operating income stood at Rs 1217 crores, a growth of 8.9% 
year-on-year, operating EBITDA reported was approximately Rs 270 crores and EBITDA 
margin stood at 22.18%. Net profit after tax was reported at approximately Rs 120 crores 
while the PAT margin percentage stood at about 9.9%. 
Let me now take you through quarterly segmental performance on a consolidated basis: 
In the broking distribution and trading segment Q4 revenue stood at about Rs 182 crores, 
which is decreased by 3.6% on a year-on-year basis and for FY23 revenue stood at Rs 768 

 
Page 3 of 8 
crores. The number of branches in this segment have increased from 83 a year ago to 119 as 
on 31st March 2023.  
Coming to the insurance division, revenue for Q4 stood at about Rs 95 crores which grew by 
21.9% on a year-on-year basis and for FY23 it was Rs 348 crores, which grew by 26.2% year-
on-year. The EBIT increased in Q4 by 44.6% and in FY 23 it grew by 13.9%. 
Lastly in the financing division segment revenue for Q4 was around 36 crores, which grew by 
24% year-on-year basis and in FY 23 it was 137 crores, which grew by 39% year-on-year. Loan 
AUM increased Rs 901 crores from 690 crores an increase of 31% on a year-on-year basis.EBIT 
in Q4 grew by 10.7% on a year-on-year basis and in FY23 by 65.1% on year-on-year basis. The 
GNPA and NNPA decreased to 2.27% and 1.44% respectively, from 2.83% and 1.99% in last 
financial year, disbursement has increased by 99% in FY23 to Rs 858 crores from Rs 431 
crores on a year-on-year basis. 
With this, we can now open the floor for the questions and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kevin Shah, individual investor please go ahead. 
Kevin Shah: 
My very first question is can you guide us on the revenue growth on the margins and the 
profits for FY24 and FY25 that we are estimating? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
Mr. Shah basically we were guided by the advisors that we cannot comment on the future 
numbers but we can say one thing our growth will be good this year since we have invested 
heavily in technology, we have expanded our network by way of sub brokers and branches so 
we are very confident and we also put our back office, front office, hardware and we have 
invested in all these this year very much and we are very confident that we will do very good 
growth in time to come that all we can say. 
Kevin Shah: 
Sure sir, absolutely. So, my continuing question would be then what will be the approx. 
revenue mix for the upcoming financial years say FY24 and FY25 and especially what kind of 
growth can we see in the insurance? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
Yeah, we are in insurance also and in other financial services, our revenue is increasing by 8 
to 10% this year, but in the coming year we are very much confident that revenue will be 
increased much higher and if you see insurance broking revenue growth is more than 25% 
year-on-year, and so in one statement, I can say that we will grow very good, because this 
year we have invested in technology. 
Kevin Shah: 
Sure, sir absolutely so my follow up question on the same as when you say about the growth 
in the insurance business, but currently, if I'm not wrong, we are primarily in motor 

 
Page 4 of 8 
insurance. So, are we planning to venture into the life insurance business that could be a 
higher margin business? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
We are targeting life as well as general Insurance business, and we are in both of that. 
Kevin Shah: 
Okay, we are there into both of that. So, especially target margins for the insurance business 
and what could be sustainable moving forward? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
Okay, you asked regarding insurance business, Mr. Pravin Agarwal who is CEO of our 
insurance business will answer you. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Yeah, thank you for question actually just summarize it I am thrilled to report a remarkable 
30% growth in premium surpassing the industry's average growth rate of 17%, which shows 
actually 26% growth in revenue. Your question is for growth of insurance in the life insurance 
business. As we look ahead, there are several key factors that we believe will contribute to 
the growth of our insurance business, the increasing awareness and understanding the 
importance of insurance coverage among individuals in life insurance. We are very confident 
to sustain with the same pace for growth in revenue, which will be around 25% - 26%. 
Kevin Shah: 
This was really helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Foram, individual investor. So, please go 
ahead. 
Foram: 
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. So, I have a couple of questions related to your app. So, has a new 
website and app for broking commenced as per the timeline planned? 
Ajay Garg:  
Very good afternoon. This is Ajay Garg, Director and CEO of SMC Global. As Subhashji said, 
like we have been investing much into technologies and very recently in our discount 
brokerage arm we have launched the beta version of our inhouse developed new app by the 
name of Super Evo, we have also launched a new app for full broking, by the name of SMC 
Trade Online Nxt and in coming quarters one or two more apps are going to come, we are 
testing then we will make it publicly available. The website is still under development so in 
quarter two it will be launched. So, we are revamping the entire technology as Subhashji 
mentioned earlier, whether it is back office, front office, we have set up DR site, we are 
revamping our CRM software, focusing on low latency-based trading and a lot of Fintech tie-
ups. 
Foram: 
Okay, thank you. That was helpful on the follow up question I have regarding the Stoxkart 
also. So, can you just tell me what was the performance for the Stoxkart and are we gaining a 
good traction over there and what were the revenue contribution during FY23 and what 
could be the expected profitability we could achieve in FY24 with respect to Stoxkart? Since 

 
Page 5 of 8 
you have seen the break even in Stoxkart, so, what will be the contribution in the bottom line 
for that in next financial year? 
Ajay Garg:  
Stoxkart is also doing very well and our plans are very, very bullish about this discount 
broking arm. It has already breakeven and exact contribution I think the Jamarji can say but 
as compared to last year about fees and commission income from some Stoxkart was around 
INR 10.54 crores and this year 22-23 it was INR 15.21 crores. So, there was a revenue 
improvement of more than 44%. So, it is doing well and we are counting on the new 
technology new app and after that we will be coming out with lot of digital campaigns and a 
lot of new things, we are planning to introduce which would outstand the market. 
Vinod Jamar:  
To add on what Ajay sir said I would like to inform you that Stoxkart has turned around, last 
year we had a marginal loss of INR 35 lakhs and this year it has turned into profit of INR 116.5 
lakhs and the revenue has increased by around 40% - 45%. 
Foram: 
That was super helpful. One last question I have regarding the what could be the sustainable 
margins for brokerage business and since the margin seems to be volatile in that segment, 
can you just guide us through that? 
Vinod Jamar:  
We think EBITDA margins from 22% to 27% is quite sustainable. So, this can range in between 
this because of the market volatility and exchange turnovers. So, 22% is on lower side and 
27%-28% on the higher side. 
Foram: 
Okay, so that's it from my side. Thank you for answering those. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhant, individual investor, please go 
ahead. 
Siddhant: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for the opportunity, also my first question is that I 
guess the broking revenue has been declining in from the past two quarters. So, any 
particular reason that has been there and what is the outlook at least for the next couple of 
quarters if you could guide us? 
Ajay Garg: 
Yeah. So, in past two quarters, like ideally, even our broking revenue is also in line with the 
industry trends, the market has been sluggish and there was decline of around 5 to 6% in 
terms of broking revenue and their have been some regulatory changes by SEBI like the 
quarterly nil policy has been changed, it is being done on a single day in a quarter for all the 
clients together, we even got hit out of that. But you'll see the year-on-year growth as 
compared to last year we grew around 6% in terms of broking revenue, so I don't foresee 
much of the pain and broking revenue as Jamarji said we would be able to maintain more 
than 25% growth in coming years. 

 
Page 6 of 8 
Siddhant: 
Thank you sir that helps and sir what would be the online and offline mix in broking business? 
Ajay Garg: 
You see in discount brokerage more than 98%-99% is completely online, but in full booking 
house the online participation is more than 50% and in coming years we foresee the online 
penetration would increase and we are targeting more than 75% from the online business 
even in full broking house. 
Siddhant: 
Okay, sir and could you throw some light on the active client base number for the broking 
business? 
Ajay Garg: 
Active client base is around 2 lakhs currently and total client base, including the discount 
brokerage arm is more than 9 lakhs. 
Siddhant: 
Okay sir thank you. So, just one last question if you could help me out your average daily 
turnover in broking business doubled in the current year as compared to the last year. So, 
what was your main driver for growth, any particular trend or anything? 
Ajay Garg:  
I think we are in line with the market. We are maintaining our market share of around 2%. 
Cash market volume decline and F&O volume doubled, so we are in line with market. 
Siddhant: 
Thank you sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Sharma, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Sharma:  
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I actually had questions on the 
NBFC side. So, for the NBFC, we are looking at AUM income and PAT increase on a year-on-
year basis. So, can you please guide us for the future target as the segments looks very 
attractive? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Yeah. Very Good afternoon. This is Himanshu Gupta. So, in the last year, we actually grew the 
loan book from INR 690 crore AUM to roughly INR 901 crore of AUM and we achieved a 
growth of more than 30%. So, we are hopeful that in the next year or a couple of years, we 
will be growing at similar kind of pace, and growing even further. As of now our equity is INR 
400 crores and we have sufficient headroom to take the debt to achieve that kind of growth. 
Karan Sharma: 
So, the NIM has been increasing over the past couple of quarters. So, can you comment on 
where we can see it to be sustainable in the coming quarters? 
Himanshu Gupta:  
You see with the increasing leverage, the NIM percentage is bound to come down and we 
believe on long term basis, it would be minimum 4% once we achieve the full leverage, which 
we expect to be around 3.5 - 4 times. 

 
Page 7 of 8 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay, how much of the AUM is coming from the gold loan currently? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
The gold loan is something that we started very recently as of now the gold loan AUM is 
about 12 crores which is roughly about 1.3% of the total AUM. 
Karan Sharma: 
How do you look as gold loan as an industry, considering the competition from the banks as 
well as the Fintechs and already the bigger players have a very good chunk into the gold loan. 
So, how do you see the competition here? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
The competition is there in all the products and so basically, we are not competing with the 
banks and the customer is looking for the quick loan disbursement and proper servicing So, 
they are looking for the NBFCs and we are opening our branches near to the hubs where the 
other NBFCs are present and we are getting good response from the market. Even our 
schemes are competitive with the other NBFCs. So, as such, we are not facing any 
competition, it is a matter of time that we grow our loan book, as we are also increasing more 
number of branches gradually. 
Karan Sharma: 
So, just a follow up. So, what is your target for branch expansion and what would be the 
breakeven for the one particular branch from where you are dispersing gold? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
For one branch, the breakeven happens at an AUM of about INR 3 crores, (INR 2.5 crores to 
INR 3 crores), that is the typical BEP in the industry and the number of branches like for this 
year we might be opening another in total 20 branches. We have already opened two 
branches in current year in the month of April. So, total we have three branches as of now. 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay, sir where are we targeting? Are we targeting the north and west or even plans to go 
towards south as well for the expansion of it? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
We are currently targeting Delhi NCR region and once we have sufficient branches here then 
we might be planning for the other locations for the gold loan but for the other product we 
already have branches in North and West part of the country, we have about nine branches 
for the other product 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay sir, how do you see now there is most people getting into gold loan and into digital gold 
lending. So, do we see entering that space as well? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
We are not entering into digital gold loan as of now. There are a few Fintechs which are there 
in the digital gold, but they have their own challenges in terms of the operational cost and 
things like that. So, the Fintech platforms which are providing gold loan they have actually 
taken a hit in the last year and the beneficiaries have been the traditional NBFCs who are 
doing gold loan in traditional way. So, our current focus is to grow through the brick-and-
mortar, through the branches. 

 
Page 8 of 8 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay and lastly, can we expect the lending focus to be will it be containing in the SME sector 
or there is a potential for diversification to plan this to secure the loan book? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
See, currently about 50% of the book is already secured. So, SME is the customer segment, 
we are lending both secured and unsecured product to the SME customer. So, SME remains 
to be our focused customer segment where we are targeting other than the gold loan, also 
we will continue to grow in all products that we are lending to the SMEs like loan against 
property, equipment finance and the business loan. 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay. So, you know, now many of the banks are entering the co-lending partnership. So, do 
we have co-lending partnership with any of the big banks and if yes, what is the ratio there 
currently? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
So, we just added a co-lending tie ups with the one of the public sector bank Central Bank of 
India in the last quarter itself. So, it is very initial phase, it is just the beginning but we expect 
this co-lending tie up to have a like a large AUM in coming times and we are also looking for 
tie up in more banks for the co-lending. 
Karan Sharma: 
So, sir what is the ratio between the Central Bank of India and SMC? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
It is at 80-20 ratio so 20% we keep on our book and 80% is on bank book. 
Karan Sharma: 
So, we are doing the sourcing, servicing, etc? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
So, everything from sourcing, underwriting and after disbursement entire collection and 
servicing done by us and we are the one dealing with the customers. 
Karan Sharma: 
Okay sir I will get back in queue if I have further questions, thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants. As there are no further questions and I will hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Mahesh Gupta:  
Thank you all for participating in this earning concall. I hope we have been able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more 
about the company, please reach out to our Investor Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you very much and stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of SMC Global Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
