 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        Date:  May 29, 2023 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
NSE Symbol: AVROIND 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543512 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investors held on May 26, 2023 
 
With reference to our previous communication dated May 18, 2023, intimating you about the 
earning conference call held on May 26, 2023, please find attached herewith transcript of the 
aforesaid Conference Call. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
 
For AVRO INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
Sumit Bansal 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
M.No: A42433 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
  
 
SUMIT 
BANSAL
Digitally signed 
by SUMIT BANSAL 
Date: 2023.05.29 
14:53:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“AVRO India Limited Q4 FY23 Results Conference 
Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN, AVRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SUPRIYA MADYE – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY23 Results Conference Call of AVRO 
India Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Supriya Madye from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Supriya Madye: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and I welcome you all to the fourth Conference Call of 
AVRO India Limited, on behalf of Kirin Advisors. 
Today we have on the management side Mr. Sushil Kumar Aggarwal – Chairman of the 
company. For opening remarks, I hand over the call to Mr. Sushil Kumar, sir. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you very much, Supriya and a very good morning to all of you and thanks for hosting this 
conference call. I welcome you all on the 4th Quarter FY23 Conference Call. 
AVRO India Limited, one of the largest manufacturer of quality Plastic Molded Furniture in 
North India and we are amongst the top 5 brands in the country is pleased to share its 
achievement and future prospects with you today. Our product portfolio includes a wide range 
of household and office-molded furniture, tables, stools and steel almirahs. Our commitment to 
quality durability and long-term warranty service has earned us a strong reputation in the market. 
We take pride in offering furniture under two established brand namely AVRO and AVON. 
Despite a challenging demand outlook, I am delighted to share that AVRO India Limited has 
performed exceptionally well reporting a 26.29% growth in revenues in FY23 over 22. This 
commendable achievement is a testament of our resilience, strategic investments and focus on 
cost control. One of our key investments has been the backward integration through the 
establishment of the plastic up-cycling unit. This venture has played a pivotal role in driving 
profitability by effectively managing costs. Our recycling plant located in Ghaziabad 
commenced operations on December 22, 2022, with a capacity of 300 metric ton per month. The 
palettes manufactured from this plant are utilized in our production processes significantly 
reducing cost. 
Now let us discuss the outlook for the plastic furniture industry. The global market size for 
plastic furniture was valued at about US $ 13.61 billion in 2021 and is predicted to reach US $ 
23 billion by 2030 growing at a rate of CAGR 6% during the period 2021 to 2030. Plastic 
furniture offers several advantages including superior quality, cost effectiveness and a wide 
range of styles, colors and designs that complement various decors. Furthermore, plastic 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
furniture is flexible, durable and corrosion resistant, outperforming rigid options like metal and 
wooden furniture that often distort rupture quickly. 
At AVRO India Limited, we have been actively embracing the use of recycle plastic in our 
production processes enabling us to further control cost while contributing to the sustainability. 
The demand for recycled plastic is rapidly increasing due to growing awareness about recycling, 
government policies mandating the use of recycled plastic by manufactures and ability to 
maintain product quality even when we reuse plastic after recycling. The global recycle plastic 
market is projected to reach $66 billion by 2027 growing at a CAGR of 4.3%. As part of 
sustainable initiatives, we initially started our recycling plant with a capacity of 300 metric ton 
per month and we are in the process of raising capacity every quarter and raise it up to 1,000 
metric ton per month by FY24. 
Looking ahead, we plan to expand our recycling capacity to approximately 2,500 metric ton per 
month over the next 2 years demonstrating our commitment to sustainable practices for self-
consumption and domestic sales while earning EPR credits that is Extended Producer 
Responsibility credit. In addition to our focus on sustainability, we are equally investing in our 
plastic furniture business by introducing new molds to diversify our product range and recredited 
to evolving customer preferences. Currently we have more than 150 SKUs and adding more as 
per consumer choices and preferences. This approach has allowed us to tap into the new markets 
and extended revenues while maintaining our commitment to quality and durability. We have 
added couple of more states in Eastern and Southern states India to our basket. 
Now let us briefly touch upon the few important aspects of our operation. We are actively 
working on optimizing our working capital cycle to enhance liquidity and operational 
efficiencies. Our focus on capacity utilization remains robust allowing us to maximize 
productivity while upholding quality standards. Moreover, we have been actively expanding our 
presence in both online and offline sales channels to adopt the change in consumer behavior and 
reach a wider customer base. For the full year FY23, our total income amounted to Rs. 82.34 
crores showcasing consistent growth throughout the year. Our EBITDA for the fiscal year 
reached Rs. 8.61 crores demonstrating our viability to effectively manage cost while driving 
business growth. The EBITDA margin for FY23 was 10.5% reflecting our commitment to 
operational efficiency. Our PAT, profit after tax for the fiscal year stood at Rs. 4.16 crores, 
demonstrating our ability to generate sustainable profits. The net profit margin for FY23 was 
5.05% indicating our focus on profitability. The earning per share for the fiscal year amounted 
to Rs. 4.12. These strong financial results demonstrate the robustness of our business model and 
the effectiveness of our strategies. We are committed to sustaining this positive financial 
performance and delivering long-term value to our stakeholders. Before we stick to the Q and A 
session, I would like to express my gratitude to all our stakeholders for their unwavering support 
and belief in AVRO India Limited. Your trust has been instrumental in our growth journey and 
we remain committed to creating sustainable advantages to all of our stakeholders. Now let us 
open the floor for question and discussion. Thank you. 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Himani Ubhan from Suraj Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Sir my question is can you please give a bifurcation for online and offline sales of plastic 
furniture? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I think right now I don’t have data in front of me. Supriya can you just because that is available 
in the Investors presentation. Can you just quickly check and let me know please, online and 
offline. But Himani, what I know is we have completed about 36,000 orders or so from Flipkart, 
Amazon, Jio, Meesho etc. We also operate out of hyper markets like Metro, SPAR and LOTS 
and such kind of thing, but certainly I will be able to give right away in a second and I will just 
take it from her, no problem. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Is any new product introduced in furniture portfolio? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Yes, of course, Himani what we do is because there is ever evolving change and need of the 
consumer preferences and choices and for past 2 decades or so that I have been in existence, we 
ensure that we definitely deliver the best. Let us say all this SKUs that we have today currently 
are up and running and the best part of that is that we are able to sell it in Srinagar or 
Bhubaneswar, Bhopal, Bangalore or Bhuj or any territory, any geography for that matter. So, 
what happens is because we get lots of request depending upon the demography and geography 
of the country and taste and behavior of the people, so what we do is we take, we collapse 
information and we do a lot of R&D and our own homework and globally also we check and 
process, so now currently while I am talking to you beside whatever SKUs that we have, we are 
also adding more than 15, 20 SKUs right now in the next 2 months or so and this is not ending, 
we will continue to evolve and probably if those products which are obsolete will remove from 
our system and we keep on adding depending on pastel, palettes and needs of the consumer, so 
we are continuously doing that Himani. 
Himani Ubhan: 
What would you classify as your competitors strength? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I think branding is the biggest strength that my competitors have, once in the word competitive 
branding because you know Himani incidentally I am the only company in the entire country to 
offer 3 years guarantee on couple of our products and we are so robust that in for 2, 3 decades, 
I am saying 2, 3 decades not years, you can keep it outdoor in all weather conditions and still 
they will not break, only thing that will happen probably the color will wear off and all that. But 
what happens Himani, because there are top-notch brands like Supreme, Nilkamal, Cello, they 
have a greater recall value. They become generic to the industry just like Colgate, so that is how 
whenever consumer walks in, his preference is always to ask for those products, so I think 
branding is one such thing that probably we lack at this point of time, but over a period of time, 
we are doing a lot of BTL activities not the ATL, ATL goes into the prints and TVs and so on 
and so forth, but we don’t have such P pockets, so in retail activity we become whatever 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
necessary and beyond that which is an affordable product let us say above my product are at 
least 40% cheaper than these large brands that I said is are top national brands and they are all 
visible on Amazon or Flipkart, you could cross check one-on-one right away live the moment 
discussion is over, so I think that is one thing that we know as you ask for this question. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Sir can you quantify savings due to use of recycled plastic? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Himani what is happening is we had been using recycle plastic for quite sometimes, but that we 
were actually bought out and while we are buying out because that has all post-industrial recycle 
plastic and the markup was very negligible, so we were facing the heat of it, but now since we 
started doing this post-consumer, not post-industrial, post-industrial is some factory throwing 
out the trims and so on and so forth. But post-consumer is like you say milk pouches or you use 
a cement bags and plastic bags and so on and so forth that we dispose it off to the dustbin and 
that kind of product normally invariably is available practically, actually speaking free of cost, 
but you know there is a supply-chain mechanism system that works, so invariably we get that at 
a dirt cheap price, but it also takes certain amount of profit system for us to actually ensure that 
it falls into the category where it becomes useable. So, at this point of time, when we started this 
commercial production and we are selling it up, we had been having some small difficulties in 
terms of sort of optimizing the entire process system, but I believe that going forward in the next 
2 quarters or so, I believe that we should be having more than 20% saving in the cost of raw 
material itself that would be a huge, let us assume that in the topline we must be little muted, but 
the bottom line, the cash flow generation will grow just because this raw material input will 
certainly be able to help us out and we can consume as much as about 60 to 70% of our entire 
consumption of this recycle plastic. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Sir what is your current recycling plant? Are you looking forward to expanding the same? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Yes, Himani, I did mention that you know Himani incidentally I have been meeting a lot of 
people. I think today the buzzword around the world is recycling, up-cycling, reuse. Reuse, 
reduce and recycle, so I think what we are trying to do is we are at the right place and right time 
fortunately and first-mover advantage and I would also like say and inform everybody that we 
are the only integrated process company which is manufacturing plastic furniture from post-
consumer plastic to the final product on a B2B model with a distribution base of more than 250 
odd distributors, more than 30,000 retailers cut across 20 states. We are also doing it on Flipkart 
and Amazon and so on and so forth, so B2B, B2C both we are doing, so I believe that over a 
period of time, we should our consumption at this point is about 8,000 metric ton per annum 
plus consumption of the plastic furniture so up to 8,000 tons even if we have to consume 70% 
5,000, 6,000 tons will consume, so right now what we said was is 300 metric ton we added that 
is a very small quantity. So, what we are trying to do is, we are as and when the process is getting 
optimized, we are going on adding machine after machine. So, that every month, every quarter 
we go on adding and I believe that by this year-end FY24, we should be able to touch almost 
about 1,000 metric ton per month production of which at least about I believe more than 500 to 
600 metric ton we will be able to self-consume or more than that as well and rest we can offload 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
to other supplier in the market who are actually looking for such kind of products. It is not ending 
there Himani, what is happening is that I have been in conversation across country and you will 
be surprised and shocked that there is more than 6 million, 60 lakh ton plastic is deployed into 
rivers, oceans, drain chokes animals and all this thing and it is a sad story and there aren’t people 
who actually convert and up-cycle it to manufacturing product what is happening I probably put 
it in dumps or they create heats and so and so forth. It is a sad story, so we have taken this lead 
and whatever capacities that I am talking about is so minuscule that people might think it is a 
pilot project, so we are in the process where with the help of let us say some financial experts 
who deploy certain capital and do that then we will be able to set up a humungous plant in one 
location and then go on adding more locations where are necessary because we understand the 
whole process system and we also know the end consumer. We know the users like people 
profile at you and we also know the end consumers who will actually use it for product 
consumption. Since we know the entire process and we also know the execution technology 
pretty well because in the injection and extrusion we do both the process. We do extrusion and 
then we do injection, but this only extrusion process it is a very simple process and we can do 
that very effectively in a scientific manner, so we are in the process probably if in case we can 
probably get some kind of a help, assistance, and guidance etc., we should be able to sell it to a 
huge, massive quantity. I will not be able to put number, but I think if I am saying 1,000 tons 
you multiply that it with number of times we can do that amount already if the raw material is 
available. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Sir what is your required CAPEX, how do you plant to fund it? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Yes, Himani more the merrier. The moment we keep on expanding, so for every 200 tons we 
required a set of machines which cost about Rs. 1 crores or so. So, let us assume that we want 
to raise every month 200 tons or Rs. 1 crores or Rs. 1.5 crores we go on investing, so let us say 
you we want to raise it to about 5,000 tons, so you will require about let us say 20, 25 set of 
machines of this kind, so that is how literally such set of machines which means Rs. 30 crores, 
Rs. 40 crores kind of investment. So, we can go up to 5,000 tons also, it depends. Let us say 
there are 2 set of things 1) investor investing into the company whatever instrument I don’t 
know, I have not thought about it, but then the other way round internal accrual happening, so 
in the way I am certain that we are very low on the debt where long-term debt is less than 2. 
something crores out of that actual machine loan is only Rs. 1.75 crores or so. We believe that 
we can leverage wherever necessary and possible to ensure as and when to continue to evolve 
and optimize our process system then we should be able to put our lay handsome and expand 
our capacity ASAP. 
Himani Ubhan: 
Sir my last question is, is everything consumed internally or sold outside for recycling? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Himani, at this point of time, we got a consumption of 700, 800 metric tons as we are doing at 
this point of time per month right now our consumption is out of which 300 metric ton is nothing 
and sometimes we are not able to even produce 300 metric ton because of the certain 
optimization processes because when there is a process, then there are hiccups, there are 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
challenges and sometimes we are absolutely quiet unaware, but then whatever we are producing 
100% it is actually getting consumed in our factory itself and we believe that in the next at least 
6, 8 months we will not have materials to give it to the outsider, but one good thing that we can 
do Himani which I mentioned somewhere regarding EPR, EPR is interesting I want to little 
elaborate this is a very interesting thing, it is like carbon credit which is an Extended Producer 
Responsibility, so all brands owner it could be HLL, ITC or anybody who is in packaging and 
these people use packaging the Lays chips and milk pouches Amul etc., so all these brands owner 
and producers of those products compulsorily will have to take an Extended Producer 
Responsibility license from the plastic waste management 2016 Act by Government of India and 
in that they are compelled to actually buy 70% of recycled plastic to use it in their own processes, 
but because they cannot use it, so that is how they pay penalty of going from Rs. 2 to Rs. 5 to 
Rs. 20 kg depending upon whatever they have to go through the process, so right now when I 
am talking to you, we haven’t even thought about monetizing that EPR credit. We believe that 
over a period of time, as and when we stabilize our production capacity and other thing, we had 
a process of discussion with large corporate who are let us say listing companies in the country 
who are talking to us to take their EPR credit because let us say if I have to produce 20,000, 
30,000 tons of plastic and let us say even if I get Rs. 2 it will give me Rs. 4 crores additional 
advantage per annum on the EPR credit and I will have to just show that I purchased this, I 
produced this and I consumed it myself or I consumed it through these people and that document 
itself is valid enough for them to get that credit and showcase it to the Government of India. So, 
this is some kind of silver lining revoke and we see that it will happen to us and will come to us 
and we are over a period of time as we evolve will continue to add value to the company for 
whatever reasons. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishnu Bhardwaj from Navbharat. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
Your annual result is quiet good, but how is your result going down quarter-to-quarter? This is 
4th Quarters result and I think your season remains good in 4th Quarter and you have also started 
recycling plant in December then the profits should have increased? And you were saying that 
20% margin is coming from that only, so this quarter-on-quarter growth is not happening in both 
places, why it is like that? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Vishnuji I have told one thing that de-growth didn’t happen in topline but happened in bottom 
line a little bit. If you compare it with previous year, as I said when we started in December, it 
was December end itself and took some time in January February and March for stability. 
Actually, we could not produce the way we wanted to do it, so we could not get much benefit 
from it, honestly speaking. Let us say you thought Rs. 50 will be your cost but Rs. 70 came as 
cost. Our production is under process but we are not able to derive its benefit, so we have to face 
such kind of challenges, but we have moved towards its stability and I am sure because it is like 
saying we have boarded the bullet train and is catching acceleration and when it will catch speed 
then we don’t even have to even tell it will starts automatically so sometimes what happens is 
man proposes God disposes. We thought so but it didn’t happen, sometimes come to know that 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
labors have gone, sometimes come to know that our important machine which has come that 
machine got some breakdown and its part is not available we had to airlift it from FedEx and 
don’t know what all have to do, sometimes this is such a tricky thing. Vishnuji sometimes it 
feels so weird that how much money has been deployed, have invested crores of rupees and still 
return is not coming, results are not coming, then the person thinks why such frustration is 
happening, why the hell it is happening, but actually it is a part of the life. What happens inside 
manufacturing and last year the consumer spending was a bit muted across the country. Today 
you would have seen in Economics Times that in the last quarter GDP has grown 5.1% only. 
Actually what happens is that expectation is business picks up during seasonal time like today I 
am talking to you in May, actually April, May, June is supposed to be a peak season for us, but 
still it is on a peak season it is let us say 70% off take feeling is coming which should be 150% 
so market is somewhat muted so we started expanding ourselves geographically because the 
product which we are making right now, we have more capacity than that, so naturally if we 
expand our geography then our product is according to our demography then through integrated 
process we will get our recycling benefit. So, as I was telling Himani, I told it might take another 
2 quarters for us to really get into that mode where it will become yes, now we have stabilized, 
we are sustaining, we are growing and we are expanding very fast, so it will take some time. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
In topline the profit was down, so in bottom line which you told of your recycling plant that 20% 
margin should have come, so if you add that then it should be in plus? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I told you that the margin that should have come unfortunately its cost was more than what we 
purchased, why it came because we could not build up that much in production process, so 
because of that challenge came and naturally we didn’t get its benefit and what happened that as 
I told you that last quarter was a gloomy picture across the country, it seemed like there was no 
one to pick up the goods. Everyone is sitting still and no one is buying, so deep discount has to 
be given, lot of things has to be done because in today’s date if production capacity is there, 
salary payout is there, interest payment is there, fixed cost is there, then everyone thinks that 
however we have to do recovery, so let us give discounts and so on and lot of churning happen 
into that. Besides this one more interesting thing is that as we set our recycling plant, then before 
setting up recycling plant the preliminary pre-operating expenses like repair, maintenance, I 
booked it which we had to capitalize, we have capitalized. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
Are you recycling plant has not full-fledged started? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
It has started full-fledged, but its optimization is pending it is taking some time. I believe that 
we will fix it and optimize it before the end of this quarter, before June and with that I have 
production capacity. Today when I am talking as I said that we are making 300 metric ton we 
have the capacity, but I have more than 300 metric ton capacity. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
This 300 metric ton has been used or not in this quarter? 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
No, last time we could make 228 metric ton, could not make 300 metric ton even though my 
production capacity is more. Sometime machine breakdown happens, sometimes labor ran away, 
sometimes something else happens and when such challenges comes a person is forced to think 
how to tackle this and as it is post-consumer plastic its dynamics are very different. It has a 
washing system and drying chasm. It is a different type of thing that everyone cannot do that 
work, for doing that you need specialized people. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
You must be having idea of that as you are such an old businessman in this line, so you must be 
having some idea? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I have told in my opening remark that we used post-industry, this is the first time we have set up 
our own post-consumer reprocessing unit for up-cycling. We don’t use to do this before then we 
realized that by the disruption of supply-chain management the polymers prices are going from 
Rs. 80 to Rs. 150 and sometimes going Rs. 120 so to avoid this disturbance…. exactly it became 
down but still after going down it is in the range of 90 to 96 then we have realized that this 
volatility which comes disturbs our system and it drains our profits too, so what we decided that 
in post-consumer plastic volatility is not there, which you dump what volatility will come there, 
there is no supply chain management. There are no takers. Like in your construction site you 
dump cement bags, what should I do with that, someone picks up and take it away so that my 
headache is over, so we are going to finish your headache because we are doing this process and 
it has to be done in a scientific way. Today removing all the contamination inside it and doing 
the production process properly and without compromising the quality of the product it is very 
essential for us because if today I give you bad product then suddenly we will vanish from the 
market overnight. So, Vishnuji this is a balancing act like on the pole…. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
Okay in the beginning you have to face difficulties in the recycling plant for 2, 3 months and 
now it is full fledge like you told in previous concall that 20% margin will come from that only 
and from that our EBITDA and bottom line will increase, so now 20% margin has come or not? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
No, not yet came. If it had come then it would have reflected here. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
Is there any chance to come in this current quarter this 20%? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
No, there is no chance for this quarter. I think that from second quarter onwards it will start 
coming because the optimization which is going on, in that markup is visible, difference is also 
visible that how much difference should come but if optimization is not happening or you have 
the process system, you have machine and equipment everything but your output or quality or 
your cost which should come is not optimized then challenge comes that we have to manage it, 
but in our case it is crystal clear that here it will happens like this only and we need to do that 
then we will continue to do that, we can do that. 
Vishnu Bhardwaj: 
That means from next quarter EBITDA will increase and bottom line will increase? 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepika Chedda from Cogen Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepika Chedda: 
Sir you are talking about having a warehouse in South India, can you please provide any update 
on it? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Well I did not actually say that we are going to have a warehouse in South India, what I said was 
probably over a period of time, this recycling capacity that will be building here, the moment 
we are able to sell it off and we can showcase and we can demonstrate that aptly and ably do 
that then in that case we will definitely try to set up such kind of plants multi-location and we 
have scouted South India as one of the place that we can, including Western India and Eastern 
India also and may be Central India, 4, 5 location that we have identified, but one thing of course, 
since you asked about warehouse which I have not said, but I am mentioning it to you now that 
we have a plan because we are expanding our footprint across India and Karnataka we are 
already selling our materials. We are also selling in Odisha, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, 
Gujarat, Maharashtra also, so now we are touching AP, Telengana, Tamil Nadu we are a selling 
little bit, Kerala etc., so we might setup a warehouse in Hyderabad or nearby area in Southern 
India, so that we are able to serve that particular market reasonably well. Incidentally, lots of 
these online order that we get are predominantly 50% to 60% of those orders actually comes 
from Southern India, so it gives us a lot of synergies in terms of the operational cost as well as 
availability of material across everywhere and that should actually give me the benefit to bring 
the cost down. 
Deepika Chedda: 
What is the marketing spend? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Marketing spend, Deepika because we certainly want to do a lot of ATL activity, but it require 
deep pocket and consistency, so we do not want to slay and we do not want to unnecessarily 
burn our money into area where probably we may or we may not get that kind of return, so what 
we do is we offer let us say our distributor, BTL in terms of watch, top, clock etc., t-shirt and 
then conferences, tours and so and so forth and pens and pads, etc., to please them and to you 
know also beyond that we also offer a beautiful packaging in fact in case if it is possible and if 
at all we were just to buy for a 1 or 2 item online from Flipkart, Amazon, you will see a kind of 
packaging that they do. So, what we try to do is we offer already a good quality product with 
good packaging and certain amount of support morally also plus certain amount of benefit in 
terms of secondary marketing where in our own people would go and ensure that the dealers are 
on-board. So, we have the process of that and Himani has asked about the biggest challenge. 
Today if I could actually raise my brands awareness reasonably well I can assure you Deepika 
that we will be a product which can be battened upon, looked upon as one of the finest product 
in the country of free 3 years guarantee, huge range, 40% cheaper than national brand and in 
case if you are to check on online Flipkart, Amazon, you will see that we have won a highest 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
branding and rating for our product and that is a testimony to our product quality and range that 
we are offering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miraj from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miraj: 
Just wanted to understand something that is basic actually, I wasn’t there from the start, just 
wanted to understand as you are saying that you started with the recycle polymer also and earlier 
you were using virgin polymer, so just wanted to understand a couple of things like the pricing 
difference, volume, what we are doing currently? And the quality and the acceptance of the 
finished product? If you could just give me a brief on this? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
30% of our consumption has been the virgin recycle, virgin plastics and 70% was recycled 
plastic which were bought out from post-industrial waste, so that we were getting at a reasonably 
higher price over a period of time, because what is happening is due to the increase in the prices 
of virgin material, lot of people shifted to recycle material, so that of post-industrial recycle 
material prices went up, let us assume from Rs. 50 kg to Rs. 70, Rs. 75 kg or so and virgin went 
up from Rs. 90 to Rs. 130, Rs. 140 or so. Now in today’s time when I am talking to you today, 
I think Reliance would be Rs. 98 to Rs. 99 PP rate plus excise duty plus GST and recycle is 
about Rs. 70 plus GST, but in that same context, at the same level, today post-consumer plastic 
could be less as low as Rs. 50 per kg including processing cost and everything put together. So, 
that is how I mentioned that we believe that over a period of time we should get at least the 
moment we scale up our operation and recycle, we should get at least 20% additional advantage 
in the cost that will be one thing. Second thing you asked about the quality, Miraj we incidentally 
are the only company as I was saying that we offer 3 years guaranty for any breakage, any color 
distortion so on and so forth for our product and that without even a single penny additional cost 
and that we are able to offer just because of 2 very basic reason 1 is that the designing, I do a lot 
of designing myself on CadCam etc., and we do a lot of R&D in the product size, so we ensure 
that the product is robust, number one and number 2 is whatever mix of recipe that we do, we 
ensure that it has got all the ingredients to sustain quality durability, color, gloss, trends, finish 
etc., over a period of time and I was mentioning it to Himani because you joined little late that 
for 2 decades also even if you to keep it outdoor, I am not saying indoor, keep it near seashore 
etc., outdoor and you will be delighted that this product will not tear, wear or anything nothing, 
it will not break and all that can happen is probably it becomes little rough, the color might go 
down and so on and so forth, but still it will be usable. So, there is a beauty without 
compromising the quality, this is where our biggest strength comes that today the moment we 
scale up our operations for recycling, I am absolutely confident and sure and I was mentioning 
because you joined little late that I said we are the only company in the furniture industry across 
India who have got this integrated process system from post-consumer to the final product from 
B2B to B2C both we do because we are on online presence also and we are offline presence 
also. So, as we go on scaling it, 2 advantage that will give me, I will become predatory in my 
pricing when it comes to the final product because I will be cheaper, number 2 because of the 
scale of my operation of my recycling, I will not only be able to consume and reduce my cost, 
but I will also be able to offload a quantity of material to other suppliers and other manufactures 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
let us say white goods, consumer goods and so on so products, etc., who are actually using 
recycle plastic. We are also far 2 past decades also we are used to do in compounding and we 
are reasonably good, let us say compounding with creating colors if we require a green color or 
orange we will ensure that across lifetime of the product of the company you will get the orange 
color itself, so that is the creation of recipe, we are expert at that, so now what we are going to 
trying to do is third thing we will add on over a period of time is to do compounding ourselves 
and give the premix it is like Wagh Bakri tea premix tea sachet kind of thing, we just offer 
premix to other people, alright just put it in your machine and you don’t have to go through the 
process for setting up the color size and all the things, so this is the kind of expertise that we 
have. We are still to monetize and deploy that as in we keep involving, as in when we keep 
growing, I can only tell you that we will only see the upside of this company from the standpoint 
of number 1 sale of furniture, number 2 resale of this recycled material, number 3 compounding, 
so these are the verticals that we are looking at. 
Miraj: 
Understood, that is quite a detailed highlight, sir and just one more thing from the current volume 
that we have producing, how much would be from the recycled polymer and how much would 
be from virgin polymer? And what do you aspire to take this to? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
As I said that 8,000 metric ton per annum is my consumption of which 30% is virgin polymer 
that come Reliance, IOC, Bharuch so and so forth and rest of the material 100,000 tons or so we 
were actually buying from post-industrial recyclers, now that thing entire thing they will convert 
into our post-consumer from the in-house capacity itself during the process of doing that, so 
today whatever we are producing, I said in last month we had reached about 228 tons or so 
actually we have a capacity of more of 300 tons not 300 tons, 300 tons is what we have declared 
obvious ahead, but our production capacity is much more than that, we have already because 
what we are trying to do is not waiting we are going on adding equipment and machines and 
auxiliaries to ensure that everything keeps up in running and going and because of the late time 
also I don’t want to waste time because as usual the Indian market is actually up and winning 
and running though the consumer buoyancy has not been that been great, but still under current 
is reasonably good from that stand point of view we believe that even if 8,000 metric ton I am 
consuming over a period of time I will expand my furniture capacity take it to maybe to 12,000 
metric tons of which 70% whatever I produce will get self-consumed, so that is advantage we 
have and we will continue to scale our operation or increase our capacity will continue to add 
that. 
Miraj: 
All the best for the future, there seems to be a lot of potential in this segment as we speak. All 
the best, sir. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Thank you Miraj, I totally agree with you. It is not the question of my run the company, I would 
say that we are in a public domain. We have been for past 2 decades we are available online, we 
are available offline, so if at all anybody were to take a dipstick study and understand what 
category we are in to, how we are serving the society, nation, do we have a complete SKU range 
etc., and just integrate the process system which has got a great synergy with our operations, 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
does it makes sense and all the things, then there will be great delight. Miraj it will be eye opener, 
people will say oh my God, what are you all doing, this is amazing and this is how if you are 
doing it over a period of time you can go on replicating this model to a lot of places etc., so it is 
just a matter of just scaling it up. It is just a matter of optimizing the entire system and processes 
and Himani was asking, Vishnuji was asking like what about funds and all the things and nobody 
thinks alright we certainly require CAPEX, we require funds to ensure that because internal 
accruals are not good enough and I was also mentioning we are very low on the long-term debt 
which is less than Rs. 1.75 crores, it reflects Rs. 2.5 crores, Rs. 2.75 crores, but this is for other 
items, so machine loan is only Rs. 1.75 crores which means we can leverage our debt, we can 
leverage our market also, we can leverage whatever we can instruments over the period of time. 
So, what we are trying to do is not being greedy, but we are trying to be a sustainable company. 
We might be little slow on certain operations, on certain head start but we are doing it in a very 
robust fashion, so that over a period of time as if when company grows it is standing tall. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj from ARJAV PARTNERS. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj: 
Sir I wanted to know how much is your business outlook for FY24, sir? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Raj, we are very positive because in the last 2 decades this is for the first time we conduct the 
euphoria, the exuberance or even the energy that we have in the factory is palpable, it is very 
different and for a simple fact from post-consumer plastic to an integrated company, I am the 
only one in the country, so I believe that sky is not the limit for us. We are doing anything and 
everything from boarding manpower, people and Deepika was asking we told her that we will 
also setup a warehouse etc., so we are trying to deploy and all the things. Sometimes we feel 365 
days is 1 year, but we feel 365 days goes off every day, it is like running very fast. Don’t even 
know how weeks, days and months passes by pretty fast. So, we believe that over the period of 
time as it is we have people deployed, so we are looking forward to a very robust growth. We 
do not want to rest our laurels to say that we did 10%, 20% growth because right now fortunately 
there is a 15% growth in India itself. I am also national president of furniture manufacture 
association, so across country I know everybody whoever are sitting what they are doing what 
they are doing and I also know my strength for myself. So, all I need to do is just reach out to 
the demography and geography. Whenever we are, we are doing reasonably well, but all those 
opportunities that exists where we have not gone let us say we started with West Bengal we 
started doing well, we started in Jharkhand. We started in Karnataka. We started doing in Tamil 
Nadu. Now with opening up in Andhra, Telangana, Odisha and so on and so forth. Maharashtra 
we are opening very aggressive way. I use to have my own office in Bhiwandi sometime back 
but then we had to shift for some reasons, so over a period of time I believe wherever we place 
our product and the beauty about this company’s product is Raj that not only online we are 
accepted very well, offline we are accepted and I was mentioning this that will get the product 
in Srinagar, will get in Bhuj, will get in Bombay, will get in Baroda or you talk about Bangalore, 
you talk about any place our product is available and the beauty about that is everywhere there 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
is a palette, the taste is different, but for our product the acceptability is universal everywhere 
and that is the beauty, so we certainly do a good job this year FY24. 
Raj: 
One more question is that you are saying like your peers Cello and all, their product is at par as 
you are saying? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
No not at par, I will tell there are 2 things, one is let us say about the price, so I was mentioning 
that we are 40% cheaper than that and one of the primary reason for that is without compromising 
the quality and aesthetic look because we offer a bouquet of product. Here if you want to buy 
milky white, orange, green etc., you will get that also either brown, black and blues and so on 
and so forth, so 150 SKUs plus that we offer. So, we are able to actually give them tough 
competition and not one company but almost all these companies. So, they are actually having 
some trouble time with us because they feel that this company is very aggressive and just 
probably we need to reach out over time. So, we don’t compromise the quality and Himani was 
asking me and I told her that in case if I were to let us say on my product if you place that brand 
with any top-notch brand of any company or any country for this matter, suddenly the price will 
be 40%, 50% more because the assets quality is so good, so it is just 2 things, the distribution 
and branding these things will help us a lot over a period of time to scale up our operation and 
that will also enable us to consume our self-produced plastics into our operations. That is how 
the synergy is there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemant an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Hemant: 
Sir can you throw some light on this recycled plastic? From where you are getting this plastic 
now? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Hemant, this recycle plastic is available so much abundantly everywhere, like in your home let 
us say you throw milk pouches, people throw cement bag, bag, sugar, salts, fertilizers so on and 
so forth and I was mentioning about that there is 6 million tons, 60 lakh tons plastic is available 
in India and there are very few takers for that. There are very few people actually processing 
post-consumer plastic and we are ahead of that. So, there was no dearth of material when we 
open factory, our factory is actually 24X7 working no doubt and we find that every day people 
are lined up to say that sir please take our good because the thing is they want to ensure that this 
company is consuming and consuming intelligently honestly. It is not like that we are just not 
aggregators, we are actually consumer and we also know that this company also manufactures 
furniture and all the things, so is self-consumption. So, there is no question of those people 
thinking that today they will buy but if the off season they will not buy. They know that 365 
days this company will certainly buy, so that is the beauty of that. So, I think over the period of 
time like I told you Hemant, material availability is not an issue at all. It is so much in abundance 
that there are no takers in fact sometimes back I was in Rishikesh about 2 months back or so and 
I was talking to a supplier, I asked him what is the price, he said at what rate you will take? I 
said why you are asking this question; you should tell me the price. He told that give us whatever 
the freight cost is there is no price. I asked why, he told me what happens is because these in the 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
hill people dump it and there are no takers, so they burn it in the night and they are scared how 
to throw, where to throw, they don’t know. So, that case even if you just procure it is good 
enough, so this is a tenacity, this is the advantage Hemant that is available and let me tell you 
because this is all recorded and it is on paper, it is documented and everybody is listening to this, 
I will love to say that we all have to together eradicate this environment pollution that we are 
doing not only just by the air, but the other means also and we as a socially responsible company 
understanding that we can integrate this process system and view this particular product, we 
though why don’t we take the plunge. Today I have taken the plunge. I would urge all others 
also to over a period of time establish your some kind of set up system and all the things, spend 
time and energy and I am sure that we collectively make it happen and make our cities cleaner. 
Hemant: 
So, we are planning this in large quantities like what you said 2,500 metric tons per year are we 
planning for any rate contracts from few vendors with lower pricing? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Hemant, I could not actually understand your question fully well, but actually we are not doing 
500 metric ton per year. Right now, I said 300 metric ton is what we had actually declared in 
December, but then we have a capacity which is much bigger than that right now established. 
We are not waiting; we are not thinking that we will make it slowly. We are saying we will keep 
continue to buy auxiliary machines, equipment etc., space we started with 30,000 square feet we 
are adding another 30,000 square feet by the next month, so over the period of time I was 
mentioning to Vishnuji that let us say may be this second quarter also you may not see great 
results, but third, fourth or second third quarter onwards we will start seeing results happening 
because when the integrated process system the quantity get established and we are able to use 
it, so I think it will help us. So, I did not fully understand your question, but I think you were 
mentioning some quantity. Do you want to elaborate to you more? 
Hemant: 
My question is initially you told you will be increasing this 300 metric tons to 2,500 metric tons 
may be 1, 2 years down the line, do you have any plans to make any rate contracts with some 
vendors with some less pricing for this? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
No, Hemant, incidentally there are so many people giving us material. They are just saying, sir 
please take because it has become a nuisance for them and tomorrow onwards when you are 
walking into streets in your locality and colony and wherever construction is happening you will 
feel that they normally dump these cement bags etc., it is just not cement bags, sugar, onion, 
potatoes, they dump and the worst thing is they are so scared they don’t know where to dump, 
so they normally throw it to the doors which is extremely sad. People have to become a little bit 
conscious. So, I think there is no dearth what we have to do is we are also trying to create a 
community of people, we want to on-board we are actually creating an NGO over a period of 
time. There are probably 1,000s of people. I don’t know if I have to put it in record or not, but I 
can certainly mention that this is my aspiration you want to on-board more than 50,000 
scavengers and beggars and all that thing and tell them to do this we will give you food for 
plastic. You just give me a kilo of plastic. I will give you 250 grams of rice, sugar or wheat what 
you want to keep it up, go and feed your family. We will not give money because we do not 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
want them to use it for drugs and liquor and so on and so forth. So, the point is that over a period 
of time we become so aspirational Hemant that in case if we can actually make it happen then 
we will make it a moment in the country. 
Hemant: 
Sir I have one question in terms of revenue, your other income is Rs. 1.5 crores for this quarter 
whereas in the previous quarters it was around Rs. 3 lakh to Rs. 5 lakh, so why there is a big 
jump in this? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Actually what happened is we did a lot of buying of recycle plastic because we understood the 
entire thing, so we started actually buying a lot of plastic which were available in the market and 
we started also selling to those who could consume it, so we could get a that kind of a mark-up 
with that, so that is the beauty which we have never been doing, we never thought about it, but 
once we have got into this particular field we realized the potential, we also knew the mark-up 
we also knew the business, so now we started discussing with people and saying alright we don’t 
need this product at this price, we needed in this price if you are ready to give and because I was 
mentioning that the markets were little muted and the buoyancy was not that great, so people 
were low on the sales so that is why we said alright we will give it to you no problem and we 
bought that and we sold it and why we are doing that we could earn certain amount of margins 
for that, so that is how it is reflecting in that particular quarter. 
Hemant: 
So, this was started from this quarter only, sir? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Correct and likely it will continue over a period of time depending upon the need basis or 
wherever we feel it is necessary because what is happening is now even in the let us say polymer 
trading also we have certain times mark-up because lots of imports come, millions of tons of 
imports is coming and most of the time the price volatility that happens, so if we have stocking 
ability we can stock material, we can also sell high etc., we can have various things at that time 
and ensure that is of mark-up that we get can be reasonably good, so we are also looking at that. 
Hemant: 
But if exclude this revenue for this quarter actually our business is in loss for about Rs. 31 lakh 
any reason for that, sir? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Loss? 
Hemant: 
Yes sir I could see it was Rs. 17.4 crores is the expense and Rs. 17.1 crores is the revenue. Is my 
understanding correct? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I am so sorry I didn’t see the particular quarter detail to actually give you the reply. Just complete 
your question. 
Hemant: 
When I see your results yesterday, it was mentioning that Rs. 17.4 crores is the total expenses 
and Rs. 17.1 crores is the actual revenue if I exclude this other income of Rs. 1.5 crores, so there 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
is a gap of Rs. 30 lakhs. Sir when I checked all your quarterly results from the last 8 to 10 
quarters, during the first quarter we could see negative in terms of bottom line. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I think I was mentioning some time back probably I will rephrase it again in the product category 
we have to rollout lot of discounts and incentives and benefits to the distributors and dealers etc., 
which we were actually not doing because we realized that the sales was very muted, which was 
not picking up, things were not good, so we said alright let us do whatever necessary possible. 
So, probably in case since you have done a lot of analysis I am grateful to you. Thanks a lot for 
saying that. Probably you are saying that in all right to trading also this particular thing we got 
margin, but in the operation finally there is a loss of Rs. 31 lakh that is what you are saying, isn’t 
it. I understood your point, but I think it could be for another reason because lot of expenses 
happen in the investment that went into recycling while we are setting it up, there are lot of 
expenses in terms of let us say payments so on so forth that are happening, so that is all booked. 
That is how this particular expense is showing up and profit is a little muted. 
Hemant: 
Sir my last question is any targets to 3 years down the line what would be our revenue on 
margins? 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
Hemant, 3 years down the line, I think we will be a very focused, robust company which is 
already scaled up operations and we believe that would come through our strength of being in 
the industry for 2 decades, we understand the product category, consumers reasonably well. The 
30,000-touch point that we have and plus more than 6,500 zip codes what we have across India, 
35,000 orders that we have served last year online and I think more than 5 crores consumers that 
exists in the country. So, we believe that over a period of time, we as a company has a great 
future in terms of wherever we go, we have greater acceptability. Probably what is required is 
as I was mentioning keep distribution and branding, the more we lead to these 2 things I think 
the tides will turn in our favor and wish we could deliver a stellar a good results and more than 
anything Hemant, once we have this beautiful advantage of let us say bottom line of the cost in 
terms of raw material procurement purchase that we are doing, I think that would give us an 
edge not only in terms of cash flow but in terms of becoming predatory in the pricing with the 
peer-to-peer or competitor and I think that is what we are looking forward to, the growth strategy 
in terms of being aggressive, predatory and in terms of the procurement or up-cycling or 
recycling that we can. So, these kind of synergies should actually give us a great amount of 
leeway over a period of time and we are very confident about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Supriya Madye for closing comments. Over to you ma’am. 
Sushil Kumar Aggarwal: 
I would like to acknowledge thanks to Himani, Vishnu, Deepika, Miraj, Raj, Hemant and all 
other participants who have been with us and asking these question. It also clarifies our state of 
mind and also gives us lot of insight how and what others and investors think or let us say 
stakeholders and shareholders think and what are the queries that they have in their mind and 
this inspires us and guides us to actually work in that particular direction, so I would continue to 

 
AVRO India Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
urge and request all of you whatever little that you have been able to contribute or good that you 
have been able to contribute, please continue to contribute, please continue to share information, 
knowledge or values or guidance whatever that you have. As we are more than happy to apply 
that because we as a company, we are working not just for profit, but for serving the society and 
the economy. So, together we will make India a greater economy, resilient economy and over a 
period of time, serve the interest of stakeholder and shareholders. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
