 
          
     KNR Constructions Limited. 
Regd.Office : 'KNR House',3rd & 4th Floor, Plot No.114,Phase-l,Kavuri  Hills, 
Hyderabad -500 033 Phone.:+91-40-40268759  ,40268761/ 62, Fax : 040- 40268760 , 
E-mail : info@knrcl.com, Web : www.knrcl.com 
CIN: L74210TG1995PLC130199 
 
 
Date: 05th June 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: KNRCL/SD/2023/581&582 
To, 
The Manager 
BSE Limited,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip code: 532942 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: KNRCON 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q4 FY-23 held on 30th May 2023 
Ref: Reg. 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015, we herewith submit to the Exchanges transcript of earnings 
call held on 30th May 2023.  
 
Please note that during these earnings call there was discussion regarding the value of order 
inflow targeted by the company and the management has indicated that the target for order 
inflow is approximately Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 4,500 crores. We would like to clarify that the 
management has erroneously mentioned that this target includes instead of stating excludes the 
recently won orders totaling approximately Rs. 2,000 crores. The order inflow target is over and 
above to recently won orders of approximately Rs. 2,000 crores. We request you to take note of 
the same while reading this transcript. 
 
This is for the information and records of the Exchange, please. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly 
For KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Haritha Varanasi 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
HARITHA 
VARANASI
Digitally signed by 
HARITHA VARANASI 
Date: 2023.06.05 
11:19:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“KNR Constructions Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 30, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 30th May 2023 will prevail. 
Note 1: Please note during this earnings call there was discussion regarding the value of order 
inflow targeted by the company and the management has indicated that the target for order 
inflow is approximately Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 4,500 crores. We would like to clarify that the 
management has erroneously mentioned that this target includes instead of stating excludes the 
recently won orders totaling approximately Rs. 2,000 crores. The order inflow target is over 
and above to recently won orders of approximately Rs. 2,000 crores. We request you to take 
note of the same while reading this transcript. 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K. JALANDHAR REDDY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KNR CONSTRUCTIONS LIMITED  
MR. S. VAIKUNTANATHAN – VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – KNR CONSTRUCTIONS LIMITED 
MR. K. VENKATRAM RAO – GENERAL MANAGER, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – KNR CONSTRUCTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
KNR Constructions Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchstone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. Vaikuntanathan, VP Finance, KNR Constructions 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
Good Afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on the call to discuss the financial 
results for Q4 and FY '23. Along with me, I have Mr. K. Jalandhar Reddy, Executive Director; 
Mr. K. Venkatram Rao, General Manager, Finance and Accounts; and Strategic Growth 
Advisers, our Investor Relations Advisers. We have uploaded results and the investor 
presentation on the stock exchanges as well as on our company website. I hope everyone got an 
opportunity to go through it. We would like to touch on our recent key company updates and 
industry events, post which we will have a question-and-answer session. 
The company has received 3 LOAs worth approximately INR2,005 crores as of below: One, 
Mysore to Kushalnagara with a bid project cost of INR 690.30 crores on HAM mode Package 
5. Mysore to Kushalnagara with a bid project cost of INR650 crores on HAM mode Package 4. 
Number 3 is the Marripudi to Somvarappadu with a bid project cost of INR665 crores on HAM 
mode.  
Of these projects, the company has signed concession agreements for Mysore-Kushalnagara 
Package 5 and Marripudi to Somvarappadu. The company has also received an appointed day 
for Chittoor-Thatchur Highway as on 25 January 2023. The company has received a provisional 
completion date as 2nd September 2022 for our Oddanchatram to Madathukulam Highway, 
which is 185 days ahead of schedule, includes 153 days of EOT. CRISIL has upgraded the rating 
of the company from AA minus positive to AA stable for long-term debt and reaffirmed as A1+ 
for short term. 
Now I would like to share our thoughts on important industry developments. According to 
industry reports, NHAI has awarded a total of 6,003-kilometre projects in FY '23, which fall 
short of the target of 6,500-kilometre. Total value of projects awarded by NHAI worth INR1.26 
trillion in FY '23, down 15% year-on-year. NHAI's highway construction pace increased 13% 
year-on-year to 4,882 kilometres in FY '23. In FY '23, a significant 54 percentage of the total 
project value was awarded to 5 states, namely AP, Bihar, UP, Jharkhand and Telangana. 
As far as highway construction activity is concerned for FY '23 till February '23, the NHAI has 
constructed 8,054 kilometres of highway this financial year compared to the target of 12,000 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
kilometres of highway. The construction activity during FY '23 was impacted due to prolonged 
monsoon, which almost lasted till mid-November in some pockets of the country. Similarly, the 
NHAI has awarded 7,497 kilometres of highway projects on YTD basis. According to the 
industry reports as of April '23, the construction rate achieved is 17.4 kilometre per day, resulting 
in a total of 523 kilometres of highway built. This falls short of target of 45 kilometres per day. 
This deceleration in pace has raised concerns, particularly in anticipation of the slowdown during 
the monsoon season. 
Despite the slight slowdown in the industry, NHAI has met a new milestone by laying 100 
kilometres of new expressway within 100 hours during the construction of upcoming Ghaziabad-
Aligarh Expressway in Uttar Pradesh. The construction uses cold central plant recycling 
technology, which reduces the carbon emission. Earlier in August 2022, the NHAI has set the 
Guinness World Record by successfully constructing 75 kilometres continuous single bitumen 
concrete road between Amaravati and Akola on NH-53 in a record time of 105 hours and 33 
minutes. 
Coming to the FASTag toll collections. The total FASTag toll collection, including state 
highway toll plazas grew 46% year-on-year basis to INR 50,855 crores for current year 2022 
from INR 34,778 crores in CY 2021. The growth in toll collections is mostly attributed to a 
pickup in economic activities as well as revision in toll price. The NHAI has implemented its 
toll fee hike of up to 7% across the country, applicable from 1st April 2023. 
NHAI has prescribed that infrastructure construction firms seeking bid to national highway 
projects built through public-private partnership must now possess credit rating of BBB or 
higher. This new requirement aims to ensure that only financially stable firms are selected for 
these projects. Builders who fail to meet the credit rating benchmark for a project will be required 
to provide a letter from their bankers or financial institution during the bidding process. Highway 
Ministry sets parameter for private construction entities for the first time. 
Now coming to the key updates of the company. The percentage of physical progress as of March 
31, 2023, for the HAM projects is as follows. Magadi to Somwarpet at 72.2%. Oddanchatram to 
Madathukulam is 90.1%. Valanchery to Kappirikkad is 26.4%. Ramanattukara to Valanchery is 
24.5%. 
During the quarter, the execution has primarily been driven by HAM projects. Out of the INR 
732.86 crores revised equity requirement for all the 5 HAM projects, the company has already 
invested INR 296.35 crores as on 31 March 2023. The incremental equity requirement of INR 
437 crores, to be infused, INR 260 crores, INR 160 crores and INR 17 crores for FY '24, '25 and 
'26, respectively. You can refer Slide number 27 of the investor presentation for details on each 
HAM projects. 
The toll collection for the Bihar project, that is Muzaffarpur to Barauni in Q4 FY '23 and FY -- 
and financial year 2023 has been INR 10.24 crores and INR43.71 crores. The company has 
signed a concession agreement for KNR Srirangam Infra Private Limited for HAM projects on 
22 May 2023. The company has signed concession agreement for KNR Ramatheertham Infra 
Private Limited for HAM projects at 27 April 2023. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Now coming to the order book position. As of March 31, 2023, the company has an outstanding 
orderbook position of INR 7,092 crores. EPC Road Projects and HAM projects constitute 77% 
of the total order book, while litigation projects constitute the remaining 23%. Client wise, 15% 
of the orderbook is from third-party clients and balance 50% is from captive HAM projects. The 
third-party order book are noncaptive orderbook which accounts for 50% of the total order book 
position is skewed between state government contracts with 36%, whereas 11% is from Central 
Government and balance 3% order book is from other private players. 
The current order book position remains healthy and provides a clear visibility of execution over 
the period of next 2 years. A robust project pipeline and ready DPR, under the Bharatmala 
project should accelerate the project awarding activity going forward. The company is targeting 
order inflow of INR 4,000 crores to INR 5,000 crores for the financial year 2024. 
The company is exploring various other opportunities in the infrastructure, such as urban 
development to diversify the orderbook. The company is also actively bidding in the western 
and central regions of the country such as packets of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh, etcetera. 
I will now request Mr. K. Venkatram Rao, GM, to present the results for the quarter and financial 
year ended 31 March 2023. Over to Mr. Venkatram Rao. 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Thank you, sir. Please note that FY '23 standalone as well as the consolidated numbers include 
a profit on account of sale of balance 51% of the KNR Tirumala and KNR Shankarampet Project 
Limited and 100% stake of KNR Srirangam Infra Project to Cube Highway Infrastructure III 
Pte. Limited. 
Let me take through the Q4 and FY '23 standalone financial performance first, followed by the 
consolidated financial highlights. I will start with quarterly highlights first. The revenue for the 
quarter grew by 63% year-on-year to INR 1,175 crores. EBITDA for Q4 FY '23 grew by 2% 
year-on-year to INR 211 crores as compared to INR 208 crores in Q4 FY '22. EBITDA margin 
in Q4 FY '23 stood at 18%. Net profit for the quarter was INR 128 crores as compared to INR 
112 crores in Q4 FY '23, a growth of 14%. 
Now coming to FY '23 highlights. The revenue for FY '23 grew by 14% year-on-year to INR 
3,743 crores. EBITDA for FY '23 witnessed a growth of 6% to INR 721 crores as compared to 
INR 677 crores in FY '22. EBITDA margin in FY '22 stood at 19.3%. Net profit for FY '23 was 
INR 498 crores as compared to INR 381 crores in FY '22. 
Now coming to the consolidated financial performance. I will start with quarterly highlights 
first. The company recorded a 13% year-on-year growth in total revenue from INR 1,102 crores 
in Q4 FY '22 to INR 1,245 crores in Q4 FY '23. EBITDA came at INR 245 crores in Q4 FY '23 
as compared to INR 278 crores in the same period for the last year. EBITDA margin in the 
current quarter stood at 19.8%. Profit after tax stood at INR 141 crores in Q4 FY '23. 
Now moving on FY '23 highlights on a consolidated basis. The revenue for FY '23 grew by 13% 
year-on-year to INR 4,062 crores. EBITDA for FY '23 witnessed a growth of 15% to INR 917 
crores as compared to INR 798 crores in FY '22. EBITDA margin in FY '23 stood at 22.6%. Net 
profit for FY '23 was INR 439 crores as compared to INR 366 crores in FY '22. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Now moving on consolidated standalone balance sheet. The company continues to maintain a 
strong balance sheet. The working capital stood at 67 days compared to 63 days in the March 
'22. The standalone debt as of 31 March 2023 is almost 0. The consolidated debt as of 31 March 
2023 is INR 610 crores as compared to INR 14,028 crores as of March '22. The net debt-to-
equity on consolidated basis as of March 31, 2023, stands at 0.22x as compared to 0.55x as of 
March 31, '22. 
With this, we can open the floor for question-and-answer. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Over to you, Mr. 
Kumar. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My first question is, sir, what would be our revenue guidance for FY '24. The growth was very 
strong in the first half of H1 FY '23, second half has been very tepid. Do you think we can grow 
at double digits based on the current order book in FY '24? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Sir, definitely, we are expecting INR 4,000 crores plus is -- definitely, this is our internal target 
for next year FY '24. But definitely INR 4,000 crores plus will be our guidance actually for FY 
'24. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Secondly, also on the order inflow. Last year, again, very tepid year for us. I think you barely 
got INR 2,000 crores of order inflow. But how do you see the pipeline as of now? And do you 
think there's any need to diversity to other segment and get some more order to ensure that we 
grow at double digit at the top line? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, sir, actually, current scenario concerned, National Highways Authority of India tenders are 
going at very unhealthy pricing. I can straightaway say it is unhealthy and due to which, I think 
it's overcrowded also today. There is a cutthroat competition which is happening.. So, in order 
to address our requirements of the order impact, we have been already sourcing projects in state 
governments and irrigation also we are getting a parcel and even urban infrastructure project 
like flyovers and all we are also getting. 
Probably, we are also looking at railways and metros. So, with all that, we are open. It's an engineering-based business, so we 
are open to do that. So, we are now focusing -- actually, as of now, we have targeted around INR 
4,000 crores plus order, out of which I think INR2,000 crores plus is achieved. Another INR 
2,000 crores to INR 3,000 crores, which we are under focus, I think that will not be a greater -- 
I think that will not be an impossible task for us. I think we'll be able to achieve in coming 3, 4 
months. (please refer note 1 on the 1st page of this transcript) 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, sir. Right, so you're targeting INR 4,000 crores, right? Out of which already received some 
portion in it till date? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes. Yes, sir. INR 2,000 crores plus we received actually. (please refer note 1 on the 1st page of 
this transcript) 
Mohit Kumar: 
Are you talking about those LOAs to those HAM order, which -- 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, LOA's we received and the 2 packages, that Mysore to Kushalnagara and the AP project. 
Moderator: 
The next call is from Mr. Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Again, I am shareholder since last 10 years. So, I can say these are satisfactory results as far as 
tough time is going on. Due to rains going on all over India, any work loss we are facing this 
time? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, sir. Actually, due to rains, I think last year, if you take it, I think from April to almost we 
have faced up to December. And most of our order being in the core rainy areas like Kerala and 
Mangalore, they are high rainfall areas. So, we have really suffered. This time, I think we had 
some rains in May, but I think it was under control. Still, we are able to make our target at least 
80%, 85% we are achieving. So, kind of that it is continuing. I think hopefully, June month 
onwards, we are expecting monsoon also. There was news saying that 3rd onwards, the monsoon 
hitting the Kerala. So, it is likely to continue on that part, sir. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Right. Sir, you have written in the Note number 9, company received an arbitration settlement 
amounting INR 323 lakhs and company share interest income is INR 759 lakhs. So, we must 
presume it will be around INR 11 crores revenue we received? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
That is in last year, sir, FY March '22 actually. 
Ravi Naredi: 
March '22, it is. In the financial year '23, we didn't receive anything, right? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
No, no, no, sir. No. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Likely to receive in near future, 6 months or 8 months, can you tell something? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
So, lots of arbitration awards are there, but they are at different stages with the courts. 
Ravi Naredi: 
That is the reason I'm asking you. Any immediate you think it will come or...? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, yes, sorry to interrupt. There is a Vivad Se Vishwas. There is some circular which has come 
today, just today it has come. We are examining that. Definitely, that is under progress. I think 
NHAI or Ministry takes it very serious and implement that. Definitely, at least we'll realize our 
-- 50% of our claims will be realized. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And what about this Andhra Pradesh -- Telangana government fund. How much is still 
due? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Sir, we don't have exposure or anything in the Andhra Pradesh. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Telangana. 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Telangana is there. As of date work done and including unbilled around INR 650 crores is due 
as of today. 
Ravi Naredi: 
INR 650 crores. And old dues we have received, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Old dues, almost we have received sir actually. So out of that, sir, around INR 500 crores 
outstanding was there at the 31 March 2023. And after that, we have certified around INR 200 
crores billed and INR 60 crores in unbilled. And during -- from March till today, we have 
received INR 134 crores also. So old is almost we have received almost completely. Now these 
are the dues pending as of date. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mr. Devansh Goenka from Fusion Clothing. 
Devansh Goenka: 
Yes, I just had a question regarding the speed of project awarding and the benefits that are 
coming to the company from the Bharatmala initiative. 
K.J. Reddy: 
The Bharatmala tendering is happening. There's no this thing. But I think being market was very 
tight, there was a huge tender rally between December to March, but we were only successful in 
3 projects, but I think not less than 70, 80 projects we have quoted because of the market being 
very, very competitive, we couldn't get much work sort of done. But otherwise, Bharatmala is 
being executed with high speed, there's no doubt in that. 
Devansh Goenka: 
So, would you anticipate the market tightness to reduce over the next financial year? Or would 
it continue to be a slow market? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually, as we all know, that NHAIs has placed a very big failure in last 2 years, I think 30 
projects have been failed literally in deliveries or getting financial closure or in the mid of the 
project acquisition they have been parted, the stages were there in that. So, I think this is 
throwing some negative signal to the bidders, so that they control themselves to refrain on a 
healthy side bidding, then this would solve the problem. Otherwise, this is going to continue for 
another 6, 7 months. I believe this is the situation, sir. 
Devansh Goenka: 
Okay. And just one last question. Sir, from your new segments, which you mentioned bidding 
in the rail segment and bidding in other new segments, what the revenue share you expecting 
from those segments in a period of, say, 3 years from now? 
K.J. Reddy: 
So actually, I need around -- as of now, we have -- every year, we need to add about INR 4,000 
crores to 4,500 crores. But every year, it is going to increase because the turnover is going up, 
so we'll be needing more order inflow like. So likewise, we have targeted last year around INR 
4,000 crores to INR 4,500 crores we have targeted to take, out of which INR 2,000 crores is 
taken and another INR 2,500 crores is pending for us. (please refer note 1 on the 1st page of this 
transcript) 
I think the order which we are targeting is quite possible from irrigation or from state highway 
projects which are now -- you have seen Maharashtra is flooded with the projects, this 
Maharashtra state government projects have also flooded, expressways are coming. And state 
governments are also calling up on a lot of outer ring roads, regional ring roads and major -- the 
city development projects are also coming up. 
So, with all these I think we have a good takeover, where NHAI is having now unhealthy 
bidding. So, it's not that we'll keep quiet, but we'll be bidding. But the status ratio, which I'm not 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
expecting to be very good in NHAI. But I think the target what we have, I think it is quite 
possible to achieve in 4, 5 months’ time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mr. Vasudev from Nuvama. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
I just had a few questions. So first one is, what is the capex that we've done in Q4? And what is 
the capex that we're planning for FY '24? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
So, for this year, we did entire capex of around INR 140 crores in this year. Q4, we did around 
INR 40 crores. And for FY '24, we are planning somewhere between around INR 130 crores to 
INR 140 crores, same what we did in this year, same thing will be there for next year also. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. Got it. And is it possible to give the revenue split for Q4 between irrigation and the road 
projects? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Yes, the revenue split for Q4 for irrigation is around 25.73%. And for HAM it is 40%. And for 
other EPC is 22% and back-to-back is around 12.5%. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. And sir, you said that our Telangana receivables currently is INR 650 crores, right? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Yes, correct, sir. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Yes. So, in Q4, what is the amount that we've received? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
In Q4 -- sir, what has happened that receivable as of 31 March is INR 502 crores. From March 
till today actually, we have received around INR 134 crores. For Q4 also -- we will check and 
give that data separately. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Sure, sir, no problem. And so, you said that you're targeting around INR 4,000 crores to INR 
5,000 crores of new orders for FY ‘24. So, is it possible to give a split between various segments 
like how much of that would be from roads and from urban and railways or if we are looking for 
any orders in FY ‘24 from segments? 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
See, majorly, we are concentrating on highway projects and as explained by ED also. We are 
also trying for the state highways and irrigation projects. So, the figures, the tenders are yet to 
be announced. So, it may take some more time for us to give the exact figure by which date we'll 
be bidding. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. No problem, sir. Then next question is on the irrigation payments. So, like what amount 
did we receive in Q4? And what is the irrigation debtors outstanding as of March? 
K.J. Reddy: 
That's what sir, Q4 data, I will give you separately. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. No problem. And just lastly, sir, as far as I remember, we had some around INR 300 
crores outstanding from the Cube deal which was pending approvals from NHAI. So, have we 
received that amount? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
K.J. Reddy: 
This -- we have closed that transaction in this -- already 51% stake in the 2 projects and balance 
100% stake in Srirangam. Entire deal is closed. We have received the entire amount. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Mr. Nikhil Kanodia from HDFC Securities Limited. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Congratulations on the decent set of numbers. Sir, I had 2 questions for you and one clarification. 
So, if I heard it correct, then you said that you are targeting somewhere around INR 4,500 crores 
of order inflow this year, of which INR 2,000 crores you have already achieved. Correct? 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
Yes. (please refer note 1 on the 1st page of this transcript) 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Sir, are we not kind of underestimating the targets because the thing is like when you are looking 
at other sectors also and like you have achieved 50% in just 2 days of the year, then I guess INR 
4,500 crores is very much achievable. So, are we not kind of underestimating the targets over 
here? 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
We are not restricting particular orders or particular sector. We are on the lookout for different 
sectors. So, depending upon the receipt of orders from various sectors, we plan it. But overall, 
what we expect is up to INR 4,500 crores, INR5000 crores or we may be in the position to 
receive. It's also depending upon the number of tenders that the respective agencies like NHAI 
and other agencies are coming out with. Now in the last 3 months, suddenly NHAI tenders have 
slowed down. So, our overall order portion is that, but we will be open up for different sectors, 
and we will try to take within that target that we have. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir, what is your bid pipeline currently? 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
See, actually, now we have to come out with some 5, 6 tenders in the month of May, which has 
already been postponed once again. So, we have wait for the date. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Actually, the order inflow is concerned, there is almost 26 projects are on bid out from 
Maharashtra state government, the Pune ring road all are there other, and there is a big scope 
that is coming up. And Telangana government is also coming up with some irrigation projects, 
I think around, I think 4 or 5 projects are in package. And apart from that, NHAI projects always 
-- they have awarded quite a big number of projects in month of March. So, they were all bit 
occupied in making those agreements and calculations on those projects which have been bided 
out. 
So, I think that's why they postponed the tenders as of now. I think June onwards, the tenders 
will also be started for bidding. So, I think with all that and apart from that, in city works are 
also coming up with flyovers and all in many states. Like Karnataka has now just formed a new 
government, I think another couple of months we'll have to wait for their action to be taken. Like 
there is some bridges work which are coming up in Pune, Nagpur, even some bridges are coming 
up in Bihar also. NHAI is also -- Ministry is also calling some bridge works. 
MORTH is also calling on some 2 lane projects. So, all our there in the bucket. I think going 
forward, apart from that, metros also coming up. Metros we'll be focusing in coming period. 
Initially, we are investing to go with a joint venture partner and all. So, let's -- the scope is open, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
sir. Let's try. I think the target is very less what we have because if we would have not taken the 
INR 2,000 crores order earlier, we would have been under little pressure. Now, I think we have 
some time because we need to take a quality order which we are looking at. Otherwise, just for 
taking order, I could have taken many more. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. What I feel is like when you said that so many opportunities are coming up, the INR 4,500 
crores for annual target seems a little bit on a conservative basis, but never mind. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes. (please refer note 1 on the 1st page of this transcript) 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Sir and if you could give us some guidance on that -- 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually, it is not that we will not be taking more than that. It's the minimum target what we 
had in that mind. See, once the market is bad, if we go with our minimum target, that is better. 
If you take projects which are high competition in the huge order in size, then there will be every 
scope that you will go wrong, and you will end up with lesser margins. So here, we are only 
talking of INR 2,000 crores because the market is as such now. (please refer note 1 on the 1st 
page of this transcript) 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Fair point, sir. Sir, on the working capital days, if you can give us some guidance, how 
much are we expecting it to bring it down by? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
It is right now 67 days. Last year, it was 63 days. So, we assume that it will be there somewhere 
between the same -- because now NHAI has already extended this whatever the circular, 
Atmanirbhar circular, they have extended till 31 March 2024. So, we expect that we could be 
able to maintain this working capital for the next 1 year. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. And sir, one more point that I wanted is, what is the margin guidance? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Margin guidelines, I think EBITDA levels and all we were reporting 14%, 15%, 16% levels 
could be there. Hope for the best, sir. Internally, we are targeting as good as we have delivered. 
But various components which are now coming up is that we are hearing more about in the news 
that crude oil may go up and all that, and recessions are -- many, many countries are entering 
into recessions. So even equipment supplies, and the prices are likely to go up and input prices 
like cement, steel are also likely to go up. Maybe this rainy season they will be a little bit down. 
Every year it is like that. But once they bounce, they bounce like anything. So those things are 
to be factored in. So, with all that, I think I'm very confident to deliver those levels. We'll try our 
best. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir, one last question, if I may. Sir, what is the irrigation receivable as of March? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
As of March, it's INR 500 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Bharani Vijay Kumar from Spark Capital. 
Bharani Kumar: 
So, can you tell your sense of what will be NHAI's ordering numbers for FY '24, it was INR 
1.26 lakh crores in '23. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
K.J. Reddy: 
Those figures concerned; I think that figures are not with me. Maybe we will try to gather that 
and give you. 
Bharani Kumar: 
So, put another way, 6,000 kilometers was lower than their expectations. So, any idea of their 
target for FY '24, given there is still more than 10,000 kilometers to be awarded in Bharatmala 
Phase I. Will it all be awarded before the election? Or how will it be in your sense? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually -- yes, sir, before election, there should be a rally, which we are thinking. But NHAI 
has not come up with any bigger scheme that how many they are going to build. But bid pipeline 
is very heavy, which we have seen because they called the bids and they're getting postponed. 
So as of now, I can see almost 70, 75 tenders are there. But they are supposed to happen in May 
and April, but they could not happen. Now they are passing through June and July, I believe. 
And those kilometers are comprising almost 4,000, 5,000 crores kilometers. So overall a year, 
they'll do a better awarding. 
Bharani Kumar: 
Better than last year? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes. 
Bharani Kumar: 
Okay. Secondly, on the continuing tightness as you call it, in competition or in the NHAI, it's 
basically due to higher competition, etcetera. So, when do you think that this will ease -- or 
because most contractors like yourself are concentrating on diversifying. So, is it almost like the 
roads as an opportunity is getting more and more uninteresting for contractors? Is it like how it 
is, or you think maybe 1 or 2 more years, it will again get better? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, sir. It's quite a good question. Actually, as of now, we are under the impression that NHAI 
has margin, but the margins were not just like that, but the responsibility is also heavy. You take 
an EPC project, hardly, we have a margin about 5% or 4% on that after PAT and all. But the 
responsibility to maintain that stretch is for 10 years. In some places, it is 7 years. So, the 
responsibility is concerned, it is very heavy. 
So, one get a margin today, they may not be able to maintain it because the maintenance kitty 
what they are giving some NHAI, what they are paying in the contract, it is very less. It is not 
even supporting the staff maintenance and labor maintenance. Materials too, it is another big 
deal. So that way concern every project should have some buffer fundings, so that tomorrow if 
there is a maintenance that come up, they should spend on it. Major maintenance, any of they 
are externally paying, but minor maintenance comes heavily which nobody can do anything 
about it. So that's the risk which we are carrying.  
So, every time we bid, we counter all these factors and put our bids. Even HAM project is 15 
years maintenance. So there people are thinking 5% margin is enough for them, but tomorrow 
even that many banks are complaining of this that the bidders are considering very less amount 
for the maintenance. 
As NHAI is considering very small amounts, they are also started continuing those small 
amounts and telling the bankers it is the standard thing. So, I think this perception needs to be 
changed. So, to change, I think people should learn by experience that whatever they are making 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
-- are catering fund for maintenance, it is not enough, then the changes will come. I think most 
of the people have learned. I think they will also learn in future.  
So, until this time, I think this bidding is going to continue like this or if they are all the bidders 
whoever want the project, they get it funded and the additional supply of bids are there, then 
only the market should go well. I think I'm not thinking in coming 1 year it is going to be having 
a better perception. 
So first, however, how much ever you need, you could take it and that too -- with a better margin. 
I think coming 1 year, we should rely upon state government, not on national highway, according 
to me. But it's not that I'll keep quite. I'll be trying my best. If I'm lucky enough, I would get 
some projects at the margins which I'm expecting. 
Bharani Kumar: 
Okay. So, to summarize, maybe this year again will continue to be like this for you and for other 
contractors? 
K.J. Reddy: 
And I'm expecting that. It is my expectation, nothing else. 
Bharani Kumar: 
Got it. So final question, when you're talking about the state clients now, of course, the NHAI 
as a client is better given the payment history, etcetera. But when we go to states, it gets a little 
tricky. So, which are these clients that you like to work with? You mentioned Maharashtra state 
government. So, is it MSRDC or any other? 
K.J. Reddy: 
MSRDC is quite good in payments. Tamil Nadu HD department is quite good in payments. 
KSHIP and Karnataka Road Development Corporation is also good in getting all the projects. 
Odisha PWD is good. And Madhya Pradesh is coming out with projects. It's also a good one. 
Madhya Pradesh there is irrigation projects are also coming up. They are also good players, 
which have been -- I heard. So, I think Southern states concerned, quite good, sir. There is no 
problem. 
Bharani Kumar: 
So, in all these only, I think Telangana you didn't mention, of course, because of our history. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Telangana is mentioned, sir, once the election is over, then we will be able to know what it is. 
The election is very near. I think in the November month, the election will be over. So, if the 
same government is coming up, I think they'll be bullish enough to invest and pay in time. If 
new government come up, we do not know what's happening. 
Bharani Kumar: 
Okay. So, if this new government comes up, is there any threat for our INR 1,500 crores of 
orders -- order book in irrigation that we have? 
K.J. Reddy: 
No. Actually, these projects are almost 60% above executed. Even the worst-case we have 
considered last time that whoever have done 25%, those projects were cancelled in Andhra 
Pradesh. So, 60%, 50% above projects are not likely to cancel. If they cancel, they don't amount 
that bad, they will scrap the project. So that is very remote chance that anybody just for the sake 
of showing opponents have done wrong, they will scrap the public money. This is normally not 
going to happen. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Bharani Kumar: 
So, hoping for the best, all the rest, and we'll keep at it, sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Mr. Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial Limited. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Sir, when do we expect to receive the ADs for the 3 newly won HAMs? 
 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually, according to schedule, it is around 5 months from the date of signing the agreement. 
But again, it depends on the land that is available. All the 3 projects which we have taken, they 
have -- they are all greenfield express highways. So, the greenfield highway is concerned, it is 
quite difficult to say when they will be able to achieve the land acquisition. Now current stage 
is 3D is published. I think they should go for further 4D and 3H. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what could be the expected equity investment in these 3 HAMs? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
We expect around INR 80 crores each, around INR 240 crores will be the investment. But 
definitely, that is subject to the year financial closure. So tentatively, it is around INR 240 crores. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, we received AD for Chittoor-Thatchur HAM in Jan end, but the execution for 
the quarter was nil. So, any particular reason for that as execution? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Because actually now because we have received in the month of Jan only. So, in the month of 
Jan only appointed it. So, there was no billing till March, but April -- so in this quarter, we will 
start the billing in this quarter. 
K.J. Reddy: 
I think almost 14% to 15% progress is there on that project. I think the 10% threshold that we 
get -- the first start of payment from 10%. So, I think that was not processed before March. That's 
why this is not there. I think the April quarter, it will be there. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, what would be your estimate for irrigation revenue in FY '24 and '25? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Generally, irrigation revenue will contribute around 25% of order book. So definitely, '24, we 
are expecting somewhere around INR 1,000 crores, maybe around INR 900 crores to INR 1,000 
crores actually. And balance will be the next year. If we are getting some further new irrigation 
projects as told by ED, then -- generally, irrigation is cutting between 25% to 30% in every year.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares. 
Prem Khurana: 
Congratulations for the numbers. Sir, you spoke about some of these newer segments where we 
are going to venture into now because roads, the competition has been intense. But as I 
understand, I mean, even in some of these other segments, I mean there is competition. And 
when I look at the margin profile that these projects entail, I mean, some of the newer things that 
you identified are somewhat inferior to what we generally target with roads. 
And roads, we already have efficiencies and economies of scale, which is that, I mean, we are 
somewhat able to kind of optimize our numbers. But since these would be somewhat new 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
segment where I mean, we don't have much size as of now, how would you kind of look at 
margin profile when you're bidding for these projects? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, sir. The first thing concerned is, major focus is given in highways. The rest of that metro 
and all, no doubt they have lesser margin. But there is a standard kind of margin per se. Now 
today, NHAI is not even giving 2%, 3% margins. 
Some tender I have seen, which has gone about 42% less. So, at that point of time, how can you 
expect me that such tenders will give me some good results and what we are now getting from 
the other sectors like railways, we're talking about metros or flyover projects. So, these areas are 
-- okay, the -- they have some standard income kind of thing. Even they are lesser, but there is 
some standard in it. 
Prem Khurana: 
So, we are willing to settle for that? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Actually, the problem is any company cannot be comfortable in any one sector. Like if I'm 
looking at only metros, definitely, I'll not be able to make a good balance sheet. But I'm in 
irrigation, I'm in highway, I'm in flyover project. I'm also in metros and all that is coming up. 
So, the percentage of risk that comes on each sector is distributed and somewhere we get good, 
somewhere we get little lesser. So overall, the balance sheet will be good. 
Prem Khurana: 
And I think the recent past have we participated in any of these newer segments, I think in 
between, we were trying to get something in Lucknow on metro side. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually, yes, sir, we tried that. After that, we didn't try because we were quite busy in NHAI 
projects. As of now, we couldn't get the bid, because early April -- May only we -- there was no 
bid. Otherwise, the flood of bids were coming from past 6 months, 5 months, one that we were 
working, and we couldn't get time to focus on them. Now we are focusing lets see, sir. I think 
the newer sectors and all we will only go with 10% to 20% of our business in that time, initially 
to start with. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And also, I mean the highlight, I mean, you spoke about, I mean, targeting some new 
orders from Telangana on the irrigation side, at least with the orders that we have today. I mean, 
it's been -- although we are able to get our payments now, but then you took some time to be 
kind of able to stabilize in terms of payment cycles. 
So where are we getting comfort from to go and bid for more projects there and also because of 
the fact that there are elections due right in November? And if you were to look at some of these 
instances that we've had in some of these states, like in Andhra and then now subsequently in 
Karnataka. 
So does it make sense to go and bid for Telangana irrigation orders now because ultimately these 
will be state orders again. And with the existing, I mean, the payment cycle seems to be a little 
slower than our expected. Have you made any changes in the contract terms so that to kind of 
assure you of better payment cycle? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes. Actually, sir, that concern is that now what is happening certain amount which is getting 
pending. But looking at the margin size, they're good enough margin -- only because the 
Telangana government is not offering any mobilized advances. So, the serious players who want 
to do the project, they are only coming up and there is a quite sensible bidding that is happening 
only in the State of Telangana. 
Second, sir, if you have little bit sustainability, I think these margins and payments are assured 
because Telangana being a richer state than any other, since this is the election year and the 
previous experiences were there on the diversification of funds towards the COVID management 
and all, so there have been certain backlogs. I think they are even trying to clear and even the 
pump house project, if they clear that loan issues and all, I think we'll be having free flow of 
payments coming in. 
And most of it, I think we are quite confident that, okay, there can be 5%, 10% of the payments 
would be pending, but rest all is getting clear. So, some days, we will get clear with all our 
payments. That's what the gut feeling is there. But if you go into the other state and all, there's 
no guarantee of such. I mean just for comparison, I'm saying... But it can be a little bit risky also, 
can't say. But looking at the margins, it is a bit tempting. 
Prem Khurana: 
And just one last. So, our Palani project is already done and we completed 185 days ahead of 
schedule. So, any thoughts on monetizing this?  
K.J. Reddy: 
The process is going on, sir. The monetization process is going on. I think Cube have given their 
quotes and I think further study which is going on. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. So, EOD of 6 months should ideally be the day to kind of consider as early... 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, yes. Company has taken a policy to be asset-light. So, which is likely to continue for all the 
coming up years. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. And then not asking for the number, but then is it fair to think the valuations would have 
been somewhat better than the last transaction because your repo rates have gone up, bank rates 
have firmed up, which is where -- I mean, they are doing better than what these were doing, let's 
say when the repo rates were down. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Sir, actually, now what happens after due diligence gets completed and then the complete 
valuation is out, then only we'll be able to say what is the real outcome that you compare with 
the previous ones. 
Prem Khurana: 
No, I want to understand directionally. I mean, given the fact that the gap seems to have widened, 
right, I mean, in terms of bank rate of 300 and rate at which you are able to borrow, ideally, it 
should lead to valuation multiples which ideally could be better than what we could manage the 
last time. 
K.J. Reddy: 
I think it is better. Venkat, you just tell that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
That's what they have quoted on it. We are working on that. It is under discussion. Definitely, 
once it is formalized, we will come back to you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Most of the questions are answered, but you kept on going back to the same topic that the 
competition in the NHAI orders is very high. So as per you, sir, what are the measures that NHAI 
can take to reduce this competition while keeping all the serious players in the race? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, sir. Actually, NHAI is not taking any measure, sir. Because as of now, it is -- if I want to 
bid in any state government, so few of the projects I'm not getting qualified. Though I can qualify 
in NHAI for INR 3,000 crores ticket size or INR 4,000 crores ticket size, also I can get qualified 
here. The qualification criteria in NHAI is very, very liberal and has no sense. Any dam and 
dopes can come and take a bid here. So that is that the liberalized and due to which they are 
facing this problem.  
And second, the bank guarantees and all earlier, it was a bit higher. Now they're cutting down 
to 3%, 3.5%, 2.5%, whatever they did all that. So, sir, actually, NHAI is not serious -- not 
seriously considering making things better. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Any discussions around reducing the HAM grant to 20% from the government side? That might 
reduce the competition... 
K.J. Reddy: 
Yes, the discussion was there, and they continue to be quite positive on that. But I think it is that 
PMO level the decision was not taken. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. So most likely not before the next year's election. 
K.J. Reddy: 
Maybe, sir. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. Sir, just a final bookkeeping questions, can you give me retention on UBR and 
mobilization advance? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Yes. The retention money, it was INR 237 crores. And mobilization advance is INR 156 crores. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Unbilled revenue, sir. 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Unbilled revenue is INR 450 crores. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Mr. Faisal Hawa from H.G. Hawa and Co. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, I'm actually sensing that probably we are still a little afraid of getting into industries like 
metro and other, where we will not have enough experience as of date. So is it because of -- we 
may get stuck in something in more unknowns that we are not venturing more into something 
else, because now our balance sheet is actually very strong, and we can probably do a few new 
ventures. So, is it because of that that we are not going? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
And second, sir, as the projects that we have already completed like to the tune of almost 25% 
or 50%, are we looking to sell those projects also like we did last time where we sold much 
before the rest of the people, and I mean that is really sending us in good state at the balance 
sheet level? 
K.J. Reddy: 
So yes, sir, actually, it's not that we are a bit reserved in doing it. We are doing the cementing 
construction, similar as metros in Coimbatore flyover, and we did Salem flyover, that expertise 
we had. And the electromechanical works, nobody is doing themselves. Even track laying, 
nobody is doing that. There are agencies who are consulting the firms, they help in doing it. 
That's the scenario.  
So, there is no big deal by which companies like us are restricting ourselves to go. It is only so 
actually this year, we haven’t considered because you’re right that we haven’t considered this 
year because only the reason is that we were having a target about INR 4,500 crores minimum 
target because it's a tight market, we were expecting only to get INR 4,500 crores. 
So, the pipeline was very good from NHAI only. So, we refined or we stayed on NHAI to strike 
our luck kind of thing. So, I think almost 70, 80 bids we have completed in 4, 5 months span. 
So, all that time, we were busy. So, we didn't do. I think not much considerable except BMRC, 
that is Bangalore Metro Rail project is concerned. Rest all other, there is no big deal which have 
come out also. So going forward, we'll look at it. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And are we okay for selling the 2 Kerala projects and one more project to Cube or somebody 
just much before the completion? 
K.J. Reddy: 
Actually, much before means that we are getting various offers from players, which we are now 
considering. I think as and when they get signed or it comes to solid conclusion, we'll definitely 
let you know on this. And we are considering to go asset-light as of now, and we want to go on 
asset-light. 
Faisal Hawa: 
can you give an approximate range of what is the free cash flow that we could generate this year 
assuming that we do a turnover of around INR 4,700 crores or so? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
INR 4,000 crores of turnover, we could be able to generate -- we can generate around -- PAT 
plus depreciation will be somewhere around INR 550 crores. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So INR 550 crores free cash flow we can generate. 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Yes. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And any chances of this Muzaffarpur toll road also being sold further? 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Actually, we are -- it is there in our kitty to sale, but we are trying to get the investor. But because 
this project is due to -- there is some issue in the project as the adjacent stretch has not been 
completed. So that's why total revenue is not up to the mark. So, we are not getting the proper 
value for that. But it is under discussion. But so far, no investor has come further for that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KNR Constructions Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
Already, the NHAI has awarded certain clients and also extension of concession, which we are 
now asking the NHAI to form a concession committee to take higher client value and also the 
concession period. And as we said, the discussion is going on. It may take some more time. So 
once -- we'll try to structure as a profitable project, then we'll sell it. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Vaikuntanathan, VP, Finance, KNR Constructions Limited for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
S. Vaikuntanathan: 
Yes. Thank you all for joining us on this call. Please reach out to our investor relations 
consultant, Strategic Growth Advisers, or else directly, should you have any further queries. We 
can now close the call. Thank you. 
K. Venkatram Rao: 
Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of KNR Constructions, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines.  
