 
 
 
27 July 2023 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400001. 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code: 543933 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: CYIENTDLM 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Investor Call   
 
 
Please find enclosed transcripts of investor call held on 21 July 2023 for your information and records.  
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at www.cyientdlm.com  
 
 
Thank You 
For Cyient DLM Limited 
 
S. Krithika  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
Krithika S
Digitally signed by 
Krithika S 
Date: 2023.07.27 
18:10:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Cyient DLM Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – NON-EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
MR. ANTHONY MONTALBANO – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRINIVAS KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cyient DLM Limited Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu, Non-Executive Chairman of Cyient DLM Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Cyient DLM 
Limited's first earnings call post listing for quarter one of FY ‘24. My name is Krishna Bodanapu 
and I am the Non-Executive Chairman of Cyient DLM. Present with me on this call are Mr. 
Anthony Montalbano, the Chief Executive Officer of Cyient DLM and Mr. Shrinivas Kulkarni, 
the Chief Financial Officer of Cyient DLM. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that, some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in our investor update, which has been posted to our 
website. As you all know, Cyient DLM is listed on 10th of July 2023. I want to take this 
opportunity to thank you all for your wonderful response to our IPO. 
Taking the company public is a significant step in shaping the future of design-led manufacturing 
and it offers an opportunity for investors to join us in this journey. Over the past years, we have 
demonstrated Cyient DLM's capabilities in a wide range of EMS solutions and are well 
positioned to make the most of the favorable tailwinds in this industry. 
The combination of our design and engineering capabilities in Cyient Limited and our 
manufacturing capabilities in Cyient DLM Limited ensures that, we're well positioned to meet 
our client needs and deliver value to them. I personally greatly value your trust and confidence 
and I'm committed to holding the same standards of governance and transparency that we have 
demonstrated in Cyient Limited. 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank the leadership team, especially the 
two leaders, Anthony and Shrinivas, on this call, who made a seamless process of transition from 
a fully-owned subsidiary of Cyient to a publicly listed Cyient DLM. Once again, thank you for 
your interest in Cyient DLM, and I will now hand over the call to Anthony and Shrinivas to walk 
you through the business updates and financial performance. Anthony?  
Anthony Montalbano: 
Great, thank you. Thank you Krishna. Hello ladies and gentlemen. Let me take you through the 
highlights of the quarter and business updates. So, we posted a revenue of INR2,171 million, 
which is 27.6% year-on-year growth. Major growth comes from industrial, defense, and 
aerospace segments. Our EBITDA is INR200 million, which is a growth of 72.6% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margins are 9.2% up 243 basis points on year-on-year terms. 
Our profit after tax is at INR54 million down 15.2% year-on-year. This is primarily due to other 
income being higher in Q1 FY ‘23 caused by unrealized forex gains. Cap margin is 2.5%, which 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 3 of 13 
 
is 126 bps lower on year over year terms. Our order backlog is strong and stable at INR24,997 
million and has an increase of 89% compared to last year. 
So as this is our first call, I'll take a few moments and cover, probably the business of Cyient 
DLM and our go-to-market focus before I move on to the key highlights of the quarter. So, when 
you look at DLM and how we differentiate in the EMS industry, it really comes down to the 
type of work we do and the sectors and types of clients we do it. So it's really mission critical, 
safety critical, electronics manufacturing services primarily focused on aero and defense, 
medical and industrial segments. And so these are segments that clients require quality and 
capability and really a demonstrated track record to deliver these types of applications. 
We've been doing this for 30 years across three sites in India, and this has been a core of our 
business. The association as well with Cyient Limited and 7,000 design engineers that, we have 
available to us are also really a key differentiator for our business. They help us bring value to 
our clients through the types of services, we can provide that impact manufacturing.  
And they also enable us to engage with relatively large multinational client base. We usually, 
most of our clients are industry leaders, global in scale, and they gain the confidence of placing 
their business with Cyient DLM, despite their relatively small size as an EMS player, but it's 
primarily due to the track record we have and then also, the wherewithal of the larger Cyient 
that brings that comfort. 
Let's go to the next slide. So, from a go-to-market perspective, as I covered, the three main 
sectors, air and defense, healthcare, and industrial, it comes down to the types of work that we're 
doing in these sectors, the types of products. And in aerospace, we have products that are going, 
in aircraft, in healthcare, we'll have, electronics going into medical equipment, and then even in 
industrial, where it might not be a safety critical application, it's often called a mission critical 
application where your reliability is very high for some of these units in remote locations that 
provide, the service level that our clients need. 
So, this has been a key area in this, of our focus as we walk through our operations. These are 
the types of products that run through our facilities all in a low volume, high mix environment. 
So, this is a very different segment of the EMS industry, which has very high quality process 
requirements to support these types of applications. 
Go to the next slide. Some highlights for the quarter. First and foremost, we had a successful 
listing for Cyient DLM on the NSE and BSE with a great response from the industrial 
community. So this is something, we're very grateful for and this is a very notable point for 
Cyient, on its journey. We have a very strong pipeline of over INR700 million. This is backed 
by major aerospace and defense clients as well as some of the other sectors that we engage in.  
We believe that, this will continue to convert and continue to drive the business growth that we 
have demonstrated in business today. We also recently were awarded a State Export Excellence 
Award from the government of Karnataka. Though, this is a great recognition of the type of 
work that we do and then also, we also had some key customers appreciation for some zero 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 4 of 13 
 
defects literally zero PPM across some of our AD Segments that is really a pretty high bar to try 
and reach and that is something that we have demonstrated this last quarter. 
We've also had some key wins, some key wins that add to the pipeline. Some new wins in the 
aero and defense space, approaching INR27 million on one specific deal and then also some 
other ones. We have some other order intake of about INR33.6 million during the quarter 
providing stability to the significant backlog that we've already built. 
Next slide. So on the finance updates, I'm going to turn it over to Shrinivas, and I think, I finish 
this. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Thank you, Anthony. Good evening, everyone. I'll walk you through the P&L and some key 
financial metrics. Our gross margin was significantly higher year-on-year basis. This is due to 
better revenue mix and a few one-offs, we had in Q1 last year. Our full-year gross margins will 
be in the range similar to what you see in Q1. Our operating performance for the quarter was 
strong and we ended up with an EBITDA of INR20 crores, which is a growth of 72.6% on a Y-
o-Y basis. 
Compared to Q1 of FY ‘23, we incurred higher finance charges due to increase in borrowings 
and the interest rates. Also in Q1 last year, we had unrealized forex gains of nearly INR8 crores. 
These two factors are contributing to PAT decline Y-o-Y. But for the rest of the year, we should 
see significant increase in PAT. The strong operating performance will be aided by lower finance 
charges with the loan repayment, we plan to do with the IPO proceeds as well as higher other 
income, we expect to see for the rest of the year. 
From a revenue segment perspective, aerospace and defense combined makes it about 56% 
followed by 30% from industrial, 10% is from med-tech and 4% is from others, which is 
primarily some work we do with rail transportation. The PCB box built and cable wire harness 
mix is in line with our historical trends and from an export versus domestic mix perspective, 
approximately 70% of our business is in exports and which includes doing the exports and 30% 
from domestic. We don't expect significant change in this mix over the next one year. 
Our order book is very strong. It's stable for the past three quarters despite doing nearly INR750 
crores of revenue in the last nine months. A few of the orders repeat every quarter, while a few 
repeat every year. Hence, we may see fluctuation within the year. However, we expect to see 
growth in our order book on a per year basis. Our DIO for the quarter is 187 days, which is high. 
Now, this metric has to be looked at with the customer advance rate, which is the chart right 
below that, right? And which is also increased? So customer advance sort of funds the higher 
inventory buildup. 
We plan to optimize this further and we expect to see the number going down to about 140 days 
by the end of Q2 and 120 days by the end of the year. Our DSO also has increased to about 90 
days in this quarter. However, there is no systemic issue or risk with any of our receivables. And 
some of the collections have come in after 30, June in the last two weeks. And therefore, end of 
quarter number is looking high. And also on some of these metrics, it makes sense to look at an 
average for the year. And we will continue to show the trend to you going forward. 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 5 of 13 
 
On the IPO utilization, given that the IPO concluded only 10 days ago, we have still not utilized 
the IPO funds. However, going forward in this format, we will report the usage to you on a 
quarterly basis. With that, we sort of close the presentation and open the floor for any Q&A that 
you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from 
Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Yes, this is a question for Shrinivas firstly. Now, when you are calculating your inventory days 
and payable days and sales days and customer advances for everything the denominator is sales 
only, right? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yes, that is right Venkatesh. This is exactly the definition that we have defined in our RHP. The 
same definition gets used here. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. And you are using the quarter end number to calculate this. You are not using any 
averages, correct? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No. Quarter end number, only. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. Now, when you actually look at it, when you calculate your net working capital, I am 
assuming that is equal to DSO plus DIO minus DPO minus customer advances. But when I am 
doing that calculation, those numbers are not adding up. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
So there will be some other current asset movement as well Venkatesh, right? Which is not a 
significant item, therefore we are not showing that here. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, understood. The other question, which I had was, do you have a guidance for revenue 
EBITDA for the current year and the year after, which you would like to communicate? Revenue 
and EBITDA guidance. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
No, we don't want to give guidance at this stage. What I will say though is our revenue will be 
higher than the industry average for the year. We also indicated, what our order book is and 
more than half of it is convertible in the next 12 months. So that sort of gives you an indication 
of what the growth can be. And EBITDA will be similar to what we did last year, that will be 
10% and 11%. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, 10% and 11% EBITDA margin. Now you mentioned that, your revenue growth will be 
higher than EBITDA. Just to give you some information, Sirma has given a guidance of 35% to 
40% for the current year. Kaynes has a guidance of 50% plus for the current year. So are you 
trying to say that, you will do more than what these people have done? Because when you say 
more than industry, it's like, it leaves it quite open-ended, because what exactly is industry for 
you? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
I think, Venkatesh, the industry is defined by other companies, who are in this space as well. So 
for now, let's keep it at industry average, or higher than industry average, which includes other 
companies in the US space. We will specifically not comment on any other company's numbers. 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Right so, as we go through the year, when we have better confidence on the full year number, 
we will decide whether we want to give an outlook or not. But for now, the order book is strong 
and we expect to grow significantly. And so we want to leave it there. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. One last question from my side. Post-COVID, your raw material ordering cycles had 
actually gone up to almost like one and a half years. Now are you seeing improvements in terms 
of raw material orders, in terms of how fast you are getting, what exactly you are seeing on that 
front, when it comes to ordering of raw materials because that is one of the biggest drivers of 
your working capital. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
That is correct. Definitely the supply chain is easing out, but it's not easing out at the pace that 
we had expected originally. Therefore, while there'll be a drop in our inventory days, it will not 
be a significant drop, right? So what we are saying is we'll go down to our 140 days by end of 
Q2 and about 120 days by end of the year. 
V Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. Thank you all the very best for the next nine months of the year. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, 
just wanted to understand the pipeline of USD700 million that you have mentioned in aerospace 
and defense. So, when you say a pipeline of USD700 million, what do you exactly mean by that? 
Are they from existing customers or is it from new customers? What is the near-term visibility 
of that pipeline? That will be really helpful. 
And my second question was on the seasonality of the business. Is there a seasonality in the 
business? Does 3Q, 4Q form a major portion of the overall year? And why there is a seasonality, 
just wanted to get an understanding around that. And what is the broader revenue split, which 
happens across the quarters that will be really helpful here? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, this is Anthony, I can go ahead and speak to the pipeline. And the pipeline does, make up 
from current clients and also new clients as well. And, the heavier weight on current. But we do 
have some significant programs that we look to be announcing in the coming quarters that make 
up a, that have a material impact on that pipeline.  
So, and this is a view of where are we today and as we close those deals and convert them, that 
pipeline may come down and then of course, we also have our go-to-market initiatives where 
we'll continue to add on that. So, we think this is a great base to take us forward. Our business 
view is, we take a look at the business from an annual perspective. That's how, we invest in it. 
That's how the business is managed. That's how, we drive our growth. And this is the right way 
to get us there. 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yea. And on the seasonality, what we've observed in the last three years is typically H1 is about 
45% and H2 is about 55%. We expect a similar trend this year as well. 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Mihir Manohar:  
Sure. That's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes, hi. Good evening team, I have two questions. The first question is, can you share some 
insights in terms of the new customer addition that we have seen for our business and any 
numbers or order values that you would want to assign with the new customer addition? I 
presume this will largely be in the non-aerospace and defense portfolio? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, so we do have -- in the past quarter, there is new customer, it does make up a new customer 
addition. As far as the client names, we do keep -- on a business award, we do keep that 
confidential, but what I can't communicate is that, it is along the same caliber when we talk 
about, an industry leader, similar to the type of logos that we've already communicated. 
So in our business, we will definitely add new clients and we plan to show more awards with 
clients, new logos in that regard, but the difference is that these will be, market leaders in their 
sectors. So, from a business perspective that drives our revenue, it's from a relatively small 
number of clients. We plan to add, we're talking adding new logos in the terms of maybe four or 
five logos a year is really kind of the way our business is run and that would give us substantial 
growth. So, it's very different than a company that might be, crossing many sectors and, might 
have, have relatively smaller engagement in meal sizes, where that's a bit of a higher client 
churned business. 
Renu Baid: 
Answer got it, sir, but most of these new customer additions that you're seeing, including the 
ones that you already have, are you witnessing a visible shift in incremental volumes coming 
out of China to India? Or this would be more about the incremental volumes with CDLM is fine 
based on their competitive positioning? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
So on the clients, on the new logos for the past quarter, the specific case is really more of an 
expansion in as the companies look at sourcing they many of these sites in the space are 
diversifying into new geos and India is becoming a top destination in that regard. So it's not 
necessarily business that's transferring from China to India. It's basically new business award 
that now is really coming to India based on the capabilities and the cost and the overall service 
level, which is allowing us, to grow. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is, if you look at the broad exports, as in we've already had 65%, 
70% of business coming from exports, any colors you can share in terms of the geographic mix 
between North American, India, I-PAC, on the backlog or the current book that we have? 
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, broadly, when you look at the number of clients we have, a good portion of that is for 
export. So a lot of our business client-wise, as far as key clients, does go to Western countries, 
Europe, the US, and but some of the, we do have some larger local programs, which we're 
running, which will run through for the next couple of years, some defense business directly 
within India. 
So today, that is making up the largest share of our current revenues, but it's actually a relatively 
very small share of the number of clients we have. And we see that mix changing a bit as we 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 8 of 13 
 
work through that. We see probably, the exports will continue to make up a greater portion of 
the overall business as we look out in the next couple of years. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And next is broadly, if you look at the working capital cycle in the last, as we compare to 
the last year's trend, clearly there's now anything close to 100 days. This increase in the net cycle 
from a segment perspective, or the end market perspective, you think it is attributable to the 
industrial segment, where the growth has been highest 75% or it would be more in terms of 
securing the supply chain and electronic silicon in advance? 
Shrinivas Kulkarni: 
Yes, so let me address that. some of this is definitely due to securing the parts ahead of time to 
secure the revenue. But we see that easing out and we have a line of sight to get to the net 
working capital at 60 days by the end of the year. And so we are working towards that. 
Definitely, DIO and DSO are two major components that will help us with that.  
Renu Baid: 
What I was trying to understand is the increasing share of industrial in a business mix, is that 
also having an impact on the changing dynamics on your working capital cycle and overall ROE 
as well? 
Management: 
No, not really. I think that's not had much of a bearing. Some of the increases we see are actually 
in the aerospace and defense business only.  
Renu Baid: 
And then last last number to clarify. You mentioned approximately more than 50% of your order 
book is convertible in the next 12 months. So, does that imply this more than 50% of the INR25 
billion order book? 
Management: 
See that’s executable order book. There will, of course, be a, it will be subject to availability of 
parts and then customer go to the schedule push outs, etcetera. So, that's a broad indication in 
terms of where the growth can be, but it's not necessarily that, that will entirely be the growth 
for it.  
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Thanks much and all the best sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Meet Jain: 
Hello. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I want to just understand the mix of ODM and contract 
manufacturing part of our business, how much is the ODM mix?  
Anthony Montalbano: 
So, we do not engage in any ODM type business and just in terms of definition, when we say 
ODM, that means that we do not have -- we do not own the IT on the current revenue that we're 
shipping on. So, this is really what I call a pure contract, designing contract manufacturing. Now, 
we do programs for our clients where they will engage with us on design and manufacturing.  
And that's really on a build-to-spec application and that's where instead the client hiring, we are 
working with engineering firm to get the product developed, and then using a different 
manufacturer to get the product build, we have several programs where we do this all in Cyient 
and this has enabled our Cyient DLM business and also helps us bring value to our client who 
can leverage the engineering.  

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Meet Jain: 
Okay, got it. And next is other than the value chain of our business like we build, box build and 
we do cable harnessing. So, how have we moved our value chain and what kind of backward 
integrated are we?  
Management: 
So, I would kind of look at PCBA and box build, it’s really kind of an offering to our clients, 
right? So, clients will usually source those two together. So, they'll come to us, we'll do the 
electronics, we'll do the circuit cards, we'll build it into a box and ship that to another. There are 
cases where there might, for example, we have one large client where they happen to have their 
own operation where they do the final assembly.  
So, we just do the cards and we ship it to their operation and they do the box build. But most of 
it, it’s tied together on the card manufacturing, the PCBAs, and the box builds. You see that 
source as kind of one business. And then you also have the cable and wire harnessing business, 
which is little bit more separate, and some of the work that we do there is specific to aerospace 
where we do some complex harness work in that regard and that is an area that we do see some 
expansion in as we look forward.  
Meet Jain: 
Understood, understood. My last question is regarding a margin expansion side. So, are we doing 
any measures we are taking to expand our margin from current levels? 
Management: 
I'm sorry, can you repeat the question?  
Meet Jain: 
So I do understand what are we doing to expand our margin from current levels like we are 
already doing some backward integration, we are integrating PCBA and Box builds to some of 
our customers. So, apart from that to improve our margins further and for revenue growth are 
we targeting certain sectors or certain products in the market going forward?  
Anthony Montalbano: 
Yes, okay got it Yes good question. So, we have various initiatives that we do have in place that 
we are looking to expand on margins, right? And, just due to the growth that we've had in the 
business we are getting some natural margin absorption, right? So, where we are today as we 
continue to scale and absorb the costs and along with some operational efficiencies that alone 
can give us one, two points of opportunity from an EBIDTA perspective and another area of 
margin expansion for us is really on these build-to-spec program where we do the design and 
manufacturing.  
We have far more ownership of the overall product. We have far more input on the design, on 
the materials, control of the supply chain, and so these programs do allow us to make higher 
margins compared to a traditional, a standard, build-to-print business where the client controls 
all of that.  
So, that can add as that part of our portfolio grows, that can give us maybe another point-to-
point and a half opportunity there on the overall business. So, as we look out a couple years there 
is an upside on margins where we could get one, two, three points as we exercise and as we 
deliver on those types of initiatives.  

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 10 of 13 
 
And then we do have continual items that we look at such as increasing our operation efficiencies 
and some of these just the safety manufacturing best practices that we're always working on to 
improve upon. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks for answering.  
Management: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, please press star and one to ask a question. The next 
question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, sorry to repeat that point, can you just repeat the 
guidance on the networking part and an inventory part because I didn't get the point properly, 
number properly, can you please help me with that?  
Management: 
No, you want to know what the networking capital and inventory days are. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
No, I just want to know what is the guidance on the full year you gave the guidance like where 
you want to reduce the inventory days as well as the networking capital cycles so number that, 
I didn’t get the number? 
Management: 
So, for inventory days we will go down from 187 days to about 140 days in Q2 and about 120 
days by end of the year.  
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
And regarding networking capital?  
Management: 
Networking capital which is at 98 days right now will go down to about 60 days by end of the 
year.  
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay, 60 days. Thank you for clarifying that. Thank you. So, that’s just one aspect and in second 
question from my side, if you look at the trend of the customer advances, it is like it's very 
volatile. There are days we are getting. What is the reason for volatility in customer advances? 
Management: 
No, the customer advance, I didn't follow your question. Can you say that again please?  
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
What is the reason for the volatility in the number of customer advances because I assume all 
the clients will be giving us orders before they will execute the order. What is the reason for 
volatility in numbers because revenues have gone up, but the number of days has come down? 
Management: 
Yes, so the customer advance are very specific negotiations that we do. Not all customers gives 
us advance. A number of times, a customer is himself asking us to order the part ahead of time 
to secure the supply so that the revenues are not disturbed or his supply is not disturbed. In those 
instances, we go and renegotiate from a contract which is already in place. So, it can fluctuate 
depending on the specific negotiations that we have with the customer or the request that comes 
from a customer. I think it's best to see that number in relation to DIO. So, whenever you see a 
DIO number, you should take that customer advances. The net number is typically where the -- 
that gives the right guidance.  

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, last question from my side in order to execute, in order to grow at a higher rate than the 
industry of 30% growth that the industry has, it has been estimated that the industry will grow 
in the RHP also more than 30%. So, I just want to know what is the kind of order book that we 
are expecting to grow in the coming quarters, growth of order book? 
Management: 
Yes, so the order book we will see growth. It's hard to predict how much the order book will 
grow by because like I said, few orders repeat on a quarterly basis, a few repeat on an annual 
basis. What we see is a significant pipeline on which we are working on. We also see the total 
contract value of the award has given to us right significantly high. It's almost 2x of the current 
order book that you see.  
So, it's very hard to predict, but definitely we will see a growing trend in the order book, right? 
And that's what we should watch and look out for. The order book is also dependent on customer-
specific practices. There are certain customers who gave a firm purchase order, some of them 
give an award letter and then give a purchase order only for a specific period of time, etcetera. 
So, we have to look at some of these metrics together to get a view of what the growth is likely 
to be. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question -- the last question from the line of Bobby Jain from Falcon 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Bobby Jain: 
Is the current weak environment, how is that impacting in your business?  
Management: 
So, the sectors that we engage in at this time not seeing really any weakness as far as their end 
demand. Again, our main focus is aero defense, medical and industrial, and there's a – it’s a little 
bit of a little bit different of a volatility that compared to what you might find in a sector that's 
more consumer-based or maybe like automotive where if there's concern about weakness in the 
economy, buying patterns might change.  
So, right now, these sectors that we're in, on the aero side has more long cycles and right now 
it's very much come out of a down cycle and accelerating into the beginning of an upcycle and 
then the medical and industrial piece again we have not seen much weakness in those sectors 
when we speak to our clients.  
Bobby Jain: 
Okay, got it. And given the emphasis India is placing in a defense industry, do you see the India 
part of the business growing faster than the global one?  
Management: 
I'm sorry, which part of the business? Could you repeat that?  
Bobby Jain: 
The Indian defense part, given the emphasis the Indian government is now facing on the defense 
part. Do you see that part of the business growing faster than the global one or is there no 
difference?  
Anthony Montalbano: 
So there's -- so I don't have a direct answer as to the growth rate of the Indian defense compared 
to the global business. I can’t comment though that is an area where we see a lot of opportunity. 

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 12 of 13 
 
We have a lot of business in that sector today. And it's also an area that if we choose to we can 
expand on it in that regard. So, as far as an opportunity perspective that business has pretty strong 
opportunities, right. So we -- just even in the last two weeks if there's a couple things that we've 
already had that on that sector. 
And there's different aspects to Indian defense compared to maybe like other types of business 
where this might have higher ROCE because of their ability to turn inventory on that type of 
business, maybe get more client cash advances, but that business is more competitive and also 
can yield a little bit lower margins compared to our other businesses. So, it kind of comes down 
to having the right balance to hit the objectives of our business.  
Management: 
At this point, our growth is not coming because of that. It's very obvious, [inaudible 0:41:06].  
Bobby Jain: 
Sorry, I didn't get that. Your growth is not… 
Management: 
Yes, sorry Krishna was just providing a clarification that our growth is not – our growth and 
even our pipeline is not based on the India defense.  
Bobby Jain: 
Okay, right, got it. And when you expect any new business from any of your existing clients or 
new clients is there any certain ROE metric that you look for or a certain margin that you look 
for, how do you access new business?  
Management: 
So, for us, the measure of a business is really those two metrics, right there and so it comes down 
to the type of work that we do. And so, as far as the profitability margin guidance as Shrinivas 
provided earlier in the call, that's where we're operating now, that's kind of the baseline and that's 
what we see going forward. The ROE or the ROCE on the business right now for us will be a 
bit lower, especially since we've had cash come in due to the IPO, but our target is to get ROCE 
up into the 20% to 25% range for our overall business. That will probably take us probably a 
couple of years to get to that range.  
Bobby Jain: 
Right. So, as investors, should we be looking at margins, operating margins or ROCE?  
Anthony Montalbano: 
That is a debating question. I think one thing I would point towards is if you look at the PE ratios 
across the EMS industry and you look at the companies that have been operating for decades, 
the companies with the highest PE ratios are usually the ones that have, it's directly correlated 
to the bottom line. We think there's a healthy balance, right? So, are you creating more business 
value by saying, hey, I'm only going to go after 13% to 15% business and limit your growth 
maybe have your RFPs suffer or do you move purely into high-volume consumer business, 
which is low single-digit profitability, but takes very little cash. It has very high inventory 
returns, and it's a different type of model.  
So, we operate in the high end of that sector, we operate in the higher margin side of that and 
that gives us a high bottom line, but there is a little bit of a trade-off on the ROCE. And I think 
there is a case to be made on potentially down the road to look at a little bit of trade-off on ROCE 
versus the bottom line. But our strategy right now is pretty much continuing on the really on the 
order book we have, on the pipeline we have, which is based off our core sectors today, which 
should give the similar type of returns.  

 
Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Bobby Jain: 
So, more of bottom line approach?  
Management: 
Yes. I would say definitely more bottom line, especially for a company like Cyient DLM. 
Bobby Jain: 
Alright, thank you very much. 
Management: 
My pleasure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Management: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for being here this evening. Obviously, this is the first investor 
call for Cyient DLM and we look forward to showcasing the business a lot more and having 
these conversations at least quarterly going forward. As we have done with Cyient in the past, 
we will plan to also host an investor day for Cyient DLM Investors show. So, we can actually 
showcase, and as you know in this case there's a lot more to showcase, our manufacturing 
facilities and capabilities, and we will keep you posted on that. With that, thank you very much 
and I’ll speak to you next time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Cyient DLM Limited, that concludes 
today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
