Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Regd. Office: #53/1-4, Hosur Main Road, Madivala,  
Bengaluru-560068, Karnataka, India  
CIN of the Co. L72900KA2011PLC057931 
P: +91 80 6196 0300, F: +91 80 6196 0700 
Website: www.happiestminds.com 
Email: investors@happiestminds.com 
   August 16, 2023 
Listing Compliance & Legal Regulatory 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Stock Code: 543227 ,974728 & 974820 
Listing & Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
Stock Code: HAPPSTMNDS 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 09, 2023 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) 
Regulations, 2021, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 09, 2023, 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2023. 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://www.happiestminds.com/investors). 
This is for your information and records. 
 Thanking you, 
   Yours faithfully, 
   For Happiest Minds Technologies Limited 
Praveen Kumar Darshankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F6706 
DARSHANKAR 
PRAVEEN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
DARSHANKAR PRAVEEN 
KUMAR 
Date: 2023.08.16 
15:42:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
“Happiest Minds Technologies 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
  
 
 
Analyst: Mr. Sumeet Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Management:  
Mr. Ashok Soota 
Executive Chairman 
Mr. Joseph Anantharaju 
Executive Vice Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Product Engineering 
Services) 
Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan Managing Director & Chief 
Financial Officer 
Mr. Rajiv Shah 
President & Chief Executive 
Officer (Digital Business 
Services) 
Mr. Ram Mohan C 
President & Chief Executive 
Officer (Infrastructure 
Management and Security 
Services) 
Mr. Aurobinda Nanda 
President (Operations & 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer) - PES 
Mr. Sridhar Mantha 
Chief Technology Officer 
Mr. Sunil Gujjar 
Head of Investor Relations 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Earnings conference call 
of Happiest Minds hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sumeet 
Jain from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Mr Jain. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Thank you Nishant. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today 
on Q1 FY2024 earnings call of Happiest Minds Technologies Limited. On behalf of ICICI 
Securities, I would like to thank the management of Happiest Minds for giving us the 
opportunity to host this earnings call. Today we have with us from the Happiest Minds 
management, Mr. Ashok Soota - Executive Chairman, Mr. Joseph Anantharaju – Executive 
Vice Chairman and CEO, Product Engineering Services, Mr. Venkatraman Narayanan – 
Managing Director & Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajiv Shah – President & CEO, Digital 
Business Services, Mr. Ram Mohan – President & CEO, Infrastructure Management and 
Security Services, Mr. Aurobinda Nanda – President - Operations & Deputy CEO of 
Product Engineering Services, Mr. Sridhar Mantha – Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Sunil 
Gujjar – Head of Investor Relations and with that introduction I will hand it over to Sunil 
for safe harbor statement and to take the proceedings forward. Thanks, and over to you 
Sunil! 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you Sumeet. Good morning to all participants in the call. Welcome to this 
conference call to discuss the financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 2023. I am 
Sunil, Head of Investor Relations. You can review our financial statements, quarterly 
factsheet and press release, which are uploaded on our website. The agenda for this call is 
as follows. Ashok will begin the call by sharing his perspectives on the business 
environment and our results. Venkat and Joseph will then speak about our financial 
performance and operational highlights, after which we will have the floor open for Q&A. 
Before I hand over, let me begin this with the safe harbor statement. During the call we 
could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the environment we see 
as of today and carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results could 
be different. We do not undertake to update those statements periodically. Now let me pass 
it onto Ashok. 
Ashok Soota: 
Thank you Sunil and thank you Sumeet and ICICI Securities for hosting this call. A very 
good morning to all the participants on this call. I am pleased to share with you the results 
for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 for Happiest Minds which has consistently and yet again 
delivered industry-leading performance both on total income growth and profitability at 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
4.7% quarter serial growth and 25.5% EBITDA. Our EBITDA margins have surpassed the 
upper band of our guidance band for thirteen quarters in a row. The performance reflects 
our strong value proposition which we bring to our customers. During the quarter, we 
achieved and crossed many significant milestones. Our headcount crossed the 5,000 marks 
during the quarter and we are now 5,048 strong Happiest Minds. I thank all Happiest Minds 
for their continued commitment and dedication over the years. I also express my gratitude 
to over 200 Happiest Minds who crossed a decade of association with us in this quarter. We 
closed a very successful Qualified Institution Placement or QIP issue of ₹ 500 Crores with 
strong support from reputed institutions across both domestic and international. I thank the 
financial community for their continued trust and support. As shared with you in my earlier 
conversations, we have set forth the goal of achieving US $1 billion in revenues by 
FY2031. Our guidance of 25% growth is based on that premise. We are on course to 
achieve that goal. I would like to reemphasize that the guidance of 25% does not make a 
distinction between organic and inorganic contribution. Our organic story continues to be 
strong as can be seen from the positive swing from the prior quarter. As we speak, our 
pipeline also remains strong, and Joseph will cover more on this in his remarks. On our 
inorganic pursuit, our pipeline looks good with multiple opportunities. We have not been 
able to take any one of them to closure as yet. Hence, if need be, we will update our revenue 
guidance later in the year depending on the progress we make on the M&A front in the next 
few months. With this I end my commentary and over to you Venkat. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thanks Ashok. Good morning to all. I will in the next few minutes take you through certain 
financial highlights and hand it over to Joseph for a business update. Our operating 
revenues for the quarter was U.S. $47.6 million and this was a Q-o-Q growth of 3.6% and 
year over year growth of 12.7%. In constant currency growth was 3.5 Q-o-Q and 13.8% Y-
o-Y. Our growth numbers are good and that showed a strong positive swing from soft 
fourth quarter of last year. In Rupees our total income was ₹ 405 Crores which has showed 
a sequential growth of 4.7% on a quarter over quarter basis and 22.6% on a year over year 
basis. Both EBITDA and resulting cash flow as we define it for the quarter breached the ₹ 
100 Crores mark and stood at ₹ 103 Crores and ₹ 101 Crores, respectively. As Ashok 
mentioned, this is the thirteenth quarter in succession we have delivered 25% plus on 
EBITDA. At 25.5% of revenues, our EBITDA continues to be in the top deck when 
compared to almost all other industry participants. Our EBITDA has grown 17.4% over the 
previous year. I would like to believe that strong profitability numbers are a validation of 
our value proposition and disciplined execution. Our profit before tax was ₹ 79 Crores and 
that stood at 19.4% of revenues and while that after tax was ₹ 58 Crores and at 14.4% of 
revenues. We have grown 3.5% on this metric over the same period last year. Our capital 
return ratios continued to be strong. Return on capital employed(RoCE) is at 33.1% and 
return on equity(RoE) 26%. Our cash conversion ratio also continues to be strong at 98.4% 
of EBITDA. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of about ₹ 809 Crores, which now 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
after the QIP has moved up to ₹ 1,200 Crores plus. During the quarter, we raised ₹ 45 
Crores through issue of NCD's and a ₹ 500 Crores QIP raised by placing equity shares with 
qualified institutions, we received strong institutions support for our QIP and I thank all our 
stakeholders for their continued support and trust in us. The capital issue was predominantly 
to support our working capital requirements and fund growth opportunities.  
 
Coming to certain other highlights for the quarter, extremely happy to report that during the 
quarter the Happiest Minds family has crossed 5,000 with a net addition of 131. Utilisation 
for the quarter stood at a steady 74.6%, while attrition levels have been nicely trending 
downwards and we saw that at 16.6% on a trailing 12-month basis. As we speak, that 
number has come down to below 14%. During the quarter, we expanded our Pune and 
Noida centers. During the quarter, we also added 18 new logos and 2 billion-dollar 
corporations into our 55 existing billion-dollar logos, taking the total to 57. Our repeat 
business was 86%, signaling the good growth that we are seeing in new business. If you 
recollect, we had signed up 16 new logos last quarter and 18 new logos this quarter and that 
is contributing to the good growth in new business. We ended the quarter with 243 active 
customers with an average revenue per customer of about $793,000 and this is kind of being 
constant and has been trending very close to this number over the last few quarters 
reflecting on our land and expand strategy. In conclusion, I believe we have had a good start 
to the fiscal with industry-leading growth. On a metric that we closely track, which is 
revenue growth plus EBITDA margins, we are consistently above all other industry 
participants and players. For Q2, we will be rolling out pay increases covering a large part 
of our Happiest Minds family, which will be effective 1st of July, and this could have a 
temporary effect on margins. As mentioned by Ashok, we will provide an update on 
revenue guidance during or after Q2, while we continue to hold onto our EBITDA margin 
guidance of 22% to 24%. This concludes my update and over to you, Joseph. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Good morning to all the participants in this call. I am very pleased to share with you the 
results for the first quarter of the fiscal year 2024. At 4.7% quarter-on-quarter growth in 
total income our performance continues to be the best in the industry. This growth was led 
by product engineering services and analytics, Americas and India geos and BFSI and 
EduTech vertical. At these times and businesses are looking for compressed timelines for 
execution and faster results. Our results demonstrate that we continue to be a partner of 
choice in their journey to stay relevant and enhance efficiency in their operations to our 
customers. I am proud to share with you that we now have our first customer contributing 
more than US $20 million in revenues. We have been working with this customer for the 
past eight years and this is a validation of our land and expand strategy as well as the 
quality of our execution. What started as a product engineering work for their platform is 
now well entrenched into all our business unit offerings and leveraging our CoEs of 
Analytics, Artificial Intelligence(AI), and Automation. We now work with 57 large 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
enterprises that have more than US billion dollars in revenues. This count has increased by 
two in the last quarter itself. In the past quarter, we have acquired 18 new logos to add to 
the 16 new logos from Q4 of last year, which has driven up our share of new business. It is 
gratifying to see that several of these new logos are already on a million-dollar run rate. 
Now to give you a flavour of conversations we are having with customers starting with the 
US geo. The edu tech industry continues to leverage digital to channelize their efforts to the 
changing needs of their stakeholders. In the reported quarter, we were the beneficiary of a 
vendor consolidation exercise with the US client that is a leader in the K-12 space who 
chose us to be the sole provider for end-to-end product engineering services. We started 
focusing on healthcare and life sciences a couple of years back and to build expertise that 
we had already gained from providing engineering services to some of the large reputed and 
global companies. From this quarter, we have started calling out this vertical separately in a 
fact sheet. In the reported quarter, we were chosen to provide cloud-based Product Lifecycle 
Management(PLM) solutions for a global leader and innovator in the bioscience industry. 
The acquisition of SMI in January has provided further impetus to our growth story in this 
space. In the Europe geo, we did see some impressive wins during the quarter. For example, 
for a global high tech engineering group based in Europe, we were chosen to design and 
implement their modern data platform on Microsoft Azure. In another instance, a global 
talent fulfilment enterprise chose us to implement Microsoft Power Platform to improve 
employee experience and provide actionable intelligence for decision makers. In the Middle 
East, we work with some of the large businesses out there. In one instance, Happiest Minds 
was chosen to provide consulting lead Operational Technology(OT) solutions for a large 
enterprise in the oil and gas industry. We continue to get called for strategy initiatives by 
large enterprises in our home turf. Through our consulting led approach, we are helping a 
large automobile service company in India to build and deploy their B2C platform. In 
another instance, we were chosen by one of India's leading education groups to build a 
platform for medical student post graduate(PG) test preparation. On Generative-AI(GenAI) 
which is highly strategic area for us, we are setting up a GenAI division with the charter of 
driving significant Gen AI business by building organisational capability on open-AI and 
developing multiple use case in each domain putting together Go-to-Market(GTM) to take 
these offerings to market and working with customers to implement these use cases. We are 
building an initial team of 100 plus people with deep expertise in GenAI, which we expect 
to scale further shortly. Apart from helping customers realize the full potential of this 
technology, these engineers will be building our own solutions. We have already engaged 
with multiple customers on various use cases and helping them to take advantage of CoPilot 
for productivity improvements. We are also deepening our partnership with a large 
hyperscaler like Microsoft, Google, and AWS in the space. We believe that technology can 
have a positive impact in three areas, Automation to improve processes and enhance 
employee productivity, Transform to enhance customer experience, Disrupt to create new 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
business models by leveraging large language models on proprietary data. With a deep 
domain knowledge and technology depth, I am confident that Happiest Minds will unlock 
the full potential of GenAI for our customers and that engineers to be better programmers.  
 
Moving on to other updates, our integration of SMI is now complete. I am happy to share 
that we were able to cross leverage teams and capabilities in both directions and achieve 
synergies together as one entity. Now to give you some flavour on the demand 
environment. Our pipeline remains strong and as we speak, we are chasing several large 
opportunities cutting across geos. Our clients remain focused on executing compressed 
transformations to achieve cost optimization, stronger growth, more agility, and greater 
resilience. We believe in the world we live in all strategies lead to technology and it being 
at the core of decision making. We are all ears to our customers changing needs and being 
relevant across the enterprise from the frontline to core operations to corporate functions. I 
strongly believe that our ability to advise, shape and deliver value led transformation, 
leveraging the breadth of our services across all industries, geographies markets is what 
differentiates Happiest Minds. With this, I would like to end my commentary and open the 
floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take 
the first question from the line of Sumeet Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Thanks. Congrats on a good growth this quarter. Myfirst question is actually on the margin 
side. If I look at your employee cost that is a bit elevated this quarter despite no wage hikes 
announced in the quarter. So any particular reasons for the elevated cost of revenue this 
quarter? 
Venkatraman N: 
Hi, Sumeet. We had a slight increase in our onsite people cost that is one reason because 
you know the mix changes quarter to quarter. The campus joinee cost also has come in. 
Some of that cost has also come in at its full force this quarter. Other than this, we have not 
seen any other change Sumeet. In fact we are optimizing on the subcontractors reasonably 
well and that is being the reason. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. Can you also comment around your hiring outlook for the year. I guess you 
mentioned around 1,300 fresher hiring for the full year, and I think contrary to the other IT 
company we have seen at least the head count growth for you so can you just comment 
around both fresher hiring target as well as lateral hiring based on the demand. 
Venkatraman N: 
While I just give the overall number, I will ask Joseph to add to this because we had talked 
about a 25% growth guidance as Ashok had referred to in his commentary earlier and which 
translated to about 1,300 people to be added during the year. In that addition, we had a 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
pipeline of fresher’s as well which was about 400 plus, 240 plus will be joining this month 
as we speak, and the rest is scheduled over a period going over the financial year. Again, I 
should caution you that our growth of 25% has both an organic and inorganic element to it. 
So, the number of people that we hire will also function of the people that we add from the 
company that that comes into our fold. For example, last year in December our numbers 
went up by 400 coming in from SMI and this year we are progressing well on the pipeline 
that we talked about earlier and that will add to the number that will add to the Happiest 
Minds family overall. So we had talked about 1,300. It will be a function of laterals, campus 
joinees and the new additions or members we will add to the family through M&A. 
Joseph Anantharaju : 
Just a couple of more points I wanted to add there, Sumeet. We will be looking at 
increasing the utilization and therefore some of the additional business would come from 
the pool that we currently have and secondly we also want to take a little bit more of agile 
view because there is a fungibility of skill sets required and we want to make sure that the 
numbers that we hire and the skill sets we take a more agile and nimble approach to our 
headcount addition. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks for the clarity. I think another question is on more for longer term 
strategic outlook. When you gave a target of around $1 billion by FY2031. Just want to 
understand how much you want to grow by mining existing clients where you already have 
240, 250 customers and how many number of more clients you want to add and within that 
client context if you can also give us some brief highlight as to how many Fortune 500 or 
G2000 clients you have which you can scale up substantially over the next 8 to 10 years? 
Venkatraman N: 
Sumeet, I will just give you certain data points after which Joseph can add. We have got 55 
billion-dollar corporations in our client roster right now. We have added to two more to that 
count this quarter. So, the number of clients that we have in the billion-dollar corporations 
which has got that deeper pockets to spend on IT is consistently on an increase. The second 
is when you scale up to a billion dollars you have to have more of the $10 million dollar, 
$20 million number of clients and as Joseph remarked the first client of ours has moved to 
the $20 million bucket whereas we have added a nice list of clients to the one to three 
million dollar bucket which is about 31 right now and those clients have to now increase 
and they have to get into the 3 to 5, 5 to 10, 10 to 20 kind of a range and at the same time 
we should aspire to add that 50 million, 100 million, 150 million client as we progress in 
this journey of billion dollar mark. Existing client business, repeat business is about 86% 
like I said, so mining your existing clients so that they grow to become these larger clients 
and towards your revenue contribution is something that will be the area of focus and that is 
nicely planned out in our long term planning, we look at the account development plan and 
how each of the clients contribute to the topline and to that we will add the inorganic part 
that we have been talking about.  

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Yes, just to add to what Venkat said. We will have to obviously focus on both mining our 
existing business and new logos and the new logo focus will be on the billion dollar 
corporations or Fortune 2000 that can give us the ability to mine and grow further once we 
invest in acquiring these logos and while the percentage of repeat business could fluctuate a 
bit, but we would like to see it at 90 to 92% which will ensure that we have enough new 
logos and business from new logos coming in which will allow us to mine these accounts 
and grow them and as you would have seen from my commentary the couple of examples 
that I gave where both customers that have been around for eight or nine years where we 
have successfully implemented a land and expand strategy and that will continue to be an 
area that we will invest and focus on by acquiring new logos and ensuring that we put in 
place the right processes and approach to mine these accounts and I think that is what will 
allow us to meet the billion dollar goal that we have by 2031. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it and just last question from my end is the scaling up of the results, how will be your 
focus on different industry verticals given that EduTech is the biggest vertical for us right 
now but if you if you look at the global IT services space, this is very small vertical overall 
and the BSFI and the retail verticals which are very big globally, but are still small for you. 
The competition is very high but then the scalability opportunity is there for you but just 
wanted to understand, how you want to scale up your individual industry vertical segments 
and they are if any inorganic opportunity you get, what will be your focus on the M&A 
side? 
Ashok Soota: 
Well, let me take this one to start and then hand it over to the two of you. You know, 
Sumeet one of the things that I would like to highlight is that as you grow, you also begin to 
expand different verticals and I won’t give you the exact numbers here, but you can see how 
healthcare has taken off for us in the current year. This becomes really significant maybe 
Venkat someone can give you the exact percentages and therefore it is a huge growing area 
to start with and clearly a new platform for us in terms of adding to whatever organic 
growth that we had. As far as M&A, you know it is really much more question of saying, 
really speaking there are opportunities everywhere. We are not saying we want to do the 
M&A to increase our presence in just say BFSI. We would have to look at the opportunities 
as they come and see to what extent it is  a strategic fit and anybody with a very strong 
technology offering which cuts across multiple verticals is also a very good candidate and 
then maybe over to Venkat and Joseph to see if they would like to add and maybe even 
Rajiv might want to have a comment on this. 
Venkatraman N: 
So just wanted to give healthcare number, we have done a little bit of reclassification, 
thanks to the new customer that we added from the last quarter, it is currently at 12.9% of 
our revenue. So, you see how it has become substantially a large part of the vertical focus 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
and it was always there and we had not called it out separately and we have started calling it 
out from this quarter as we had mentioned in the last quarter. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
And just to add to that Sumeet, over the next eight years or so till we get to 2031, I think we 
will be looking at trends in each of the industries to grow and as the opportunities present 
themselves and we make investments and acquire business, you would see movement of 
revenue shares of different verticals going up or going down. You know, for instance, 
healthcare and life science we see a lot of potential and some of the capabilities that we are 
building in are on the leading edge and that would allow us  things like bioinformatics and 
medical devices and that will allow us to differentiate and get business. That gives us an 
opportunity. You talked about BSFI we put in place a strong team of domain experts to 
focus on that area and as we speak, there is lot of Go-to-Market(GTM) activity and a couple 
of new logos that we have acquired. So this will be something that will be more of a 
journey and you know in this fast-paced world we have to look at opportunities, disruptions 
taking place in each of these verticals and jump as quickly as possible onto these, for 
instance 3-4 years back it was EduTech and that is how we are able to grow significantly by 
helping the customers in this space traverse from more of a paper based approach to a 
digital approach and now the next step would be adoption of GenAI and other technologies 
that this vertical would benefit from. Rajiv, if you want to add anything, please? 
Rajiv Shah: 
Just one more thing as well. Joseph talked about the BFSI industry group and capabilities 
that we have built, we did the similar thing for retail CPG as well, so we bought a very 
senior person, industry leader to head up that unit in the last quarter. At the same time, I 
think that we have been very focused on the areas that we are strong in, right so like in the 
BFSI world what can we do with security services, what can we do with the risk 
management side of it, what can we do with using the newer way of looking at generative 
AI or Chat GPT, etc., in that market segment. I think that we are very focused on utilizing 
the newer technology. Also, disruptive business model, especially in the retail side, how do 
we work on connected devices etc. So by adding the abilities with the industry group leader 
at the same time stay focused on the niche technology areas that we are strong in I think 
will continue to grow those businesses as well. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Great. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of the Dipesh from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First about the Q1 performance. Whether 
it was in line with what management expected because last time you said some kind of right 
shifting of revenue which impacted Q4 performance and you expected Q1 performance to 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
be in line with your full year guidance, so just want to get sense about it and if I would not 
exclude acquisition then Y-o-Y growth seems to be in single digit, so just want to get your 
perspective whether Q1 played out the way you expected. Second question is about just 
want to get our perspective on your HiTech and travel media and entertainment vertical, 
seems to be some kind of softness, partly HiTech has impacted because of reclassification, 
but otherwise also it seems to be weak, so if you can give some perspective and the last 
question is about to top two to five client seems to be weak. Last time also I think it was 
showing some kind of softness, but it seems to be temporary, but I think that weakness 
persists so if you can give some insight. Thank you. 
Ashok Soota: 
I guess Venkat, you could give first and the last part and then on the specific vertical 
oriented again, both Joseph and Rajiv? 
Venkatraman N: 
If you look at it Dipesh, repeat business has come down to 86% and it was 90% plus. So we 
had signed up 16 logos, had 18 logos this quarter, 16 logos it takes time to ramp up build 
the muscle, build the team around it and then start billing so that is what we had referred to 
a certain right shifting and that has shown up, 86% is what our repeat business has come 
down from  91%, which means a new business is picking up from this quarter which is what 
we had referred to. With respect to year over year growth that tends to happen. We added 
about two and a half million in the last quarter from the acquisition and that continues to be 
part of our topline this quarter. So it gets adjusted and like I have said earlier we look at 
these acquisitions which are more capability based and focused on clients as organic growth 
than inorganic.  
Joseph Anantharaju: 
So the HiTech vertical as you rightly pointed out Dipesh there was a reclassification 
because many of our health tech accounts where previously classified under HiTech and so 
that is the reason why you see drop in the HiTech percentage of revenue. Now on travel 
media entertainment, most of the revenues is from the media entertainment space and one of 
our customers in that segment especially the area that we are focused on which is streaming 
media is going through a little bit of recalibration right now. So one of our largest 
customers, which is a movie and parks company is going through an internal recall and re-
strategizing, that has delayed some of the decision making and there were some optimized 
cost, but this is also throwing up opportunities for us and we expect that over the next 
couple of quarters for some of this trends in the Travel, Media and Entertainment(TME) 
space to reverse. Rajiv do you want anything on any other verticals? 
Rajiv Shah: 
I think the question was HiTech, media entertainment, right? So I think it was the top 20 
accounts if I recall correctly and that growth is compared to the previous quarter is picking 
up and I think you see quite a bit of progress on the top 20 accounts as well. While there 
was a little bit of right shifting in the last quarter the good news is there is no cancellation of 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
contracts, there is still little bit of delay in signing, but overall, the acceptability of the 
solutions we provide continue to see good positive voice from the customer. 
Dipesh: 
Understood. Last question is about the demand environment compared, to last few months 
any improvement you are witnessing or you are still witnessing more or less same kind of 
client behavior in terms of elongated sale cycle as well as clients being  very cost sensitive 
in terms of spending. So if you can give some perspective. Thank you. 
Ram Mohan: 
So if you really look demands from the infra and security perspective we are seeing a 
continual growth in terms of security. As the threats have increased people are looking at 
ring fencing their environment with the security related services and tools. So we are seeing 
the growth there. With respect to cloud, we are seeing consolidation has happened and 
many customers have already moved to cloud, but at this point of time they are looking at 
cloud optimization and multi cloud environment managing. That is what we are seeing 
growth in terms of multi-cloud management. The third area where we are seeing growth is 
in automation where enterprises are looking at automating their operational aspects so that 
means their IT operation automation is another area where we are seeing some growth 
coming  from US. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Just to get at the broader level, I think there are a few areas where customers continue to 
invest. If you look at the broad digital space, customers are optimizing money from other 
areas and investing in digital and as I mentioned last time as well, it is astrategic imperative 
and they need to continue to invest in their digital infrastructure to just stay on pace with 
your competition and in that a few areas that where we are seeing increased interest as one 
is on the modernization space where they are looking at taking their existing applications 
and converting their model to platforms on the cloud. The second is in terms of analytics 
and usage of AI. Lot of data platforms being built, and data science being applied to 
leverage this data. We are also seeing customer interest in low code, no code to optimize 
some of the development costs, and other area is on the process automation space where 
again they can extract some savings that can be used elsewhere. In the last six months, we 
have had quite a few customers start exploring the potential of GenAI and that is an area 
again that we are engaged with our customers, and we feel very bullish about opportunities 
that are coming and will come in this area as well. 
Rajiv Shah: 
So just a couple of things to add to this,. So while we continue to be vigilant on the 
macroeconomic environment there are just in terms of numbers and I think Venkat 
mentioned we did signed 18 new logos this quarter, 16 logos previous quarter so our ability 
to sign new logos and selling the digital transformation services continue to be attractive. 
So just adding couple of areas analytics side, especially in the predictive analytics side, we 
continue to see traction. We have signed at least three customers over the last three months 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
or so on the ESG side, helping companies become not only ESG compliant, but at the same 
time looking at the different ways of doing business. So, this is just adding to what Ram and 
Joseph said. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi thank you for the opportunity. While on the revenue growth guidance, you said that you 
will simply look to update us after second quarter numbers. My question was with regards 
to the way we should be thinking about the medium-term outlook for our margins given the 
fact that in Q1 FY2024 itself our margins are probably down about 350 basis points on 
year-on-year basis and we are yet to implement waging increments. I do understand there is 
an element of investment in freshers, I am really thinking about our medium-term operating 
margin outlook. 
Ashok Soota: 
I will just make comment and pass it over to Venkat. The key thing here is while margins 
may have some variations here and there because of somethings we pointed out going ahead 
the compensation increases and so on, the fact is we have sustained our EBITDA margin 
and we remain second only to one obviously very large company in the entire industry. 
With that overview for more details, I think it is a good idea to pass this to Venkat. 
Venkatraman N: 
Thanks Ashok. So Manik we have conducted those simulations and that is how I am 
holding on to the margin guidance of 22% to 24% there can be ups and downs and like you 
have been saying there were quite a bit of credit that we used to get during COVID and post 
COVID because of work from home and all of that. Just mentioning that we have got a 
substantial part of our people coming back to work, which I covered in my commentary as 
well we are adding to our centers in Pune, Noida. We expanded in Bhubaneswar. We are 
seeing people come there and we are trying to make investment to get more people to office 
there as well and as we speak we are also seeing expansion in Madurai. These are all things 
which could cost in the form of rentals and associated cost which was not there during the 
COVID time and people were working from home and that is what we were talking about 
22% to 24% margin bracket. The real health of the business from a margin is on the gross 
margin around the contribution from business front and that expect for these wage increases 
and the 1% to 2% that goes up and down we have been reasonably consistent on that front 
Manik. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure and the second question was in regard to just clarification on the way number of days 
essentially impacts our sequential growth given the fact that almost 75% of the business 
eventually on T&M billing, what impact did it have in Q1 and simultaneously how should 
we think about the higher number of working days in September quarter? 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Venkatraman N: 
Yes, very valid point. In fact if you remember, in Q3 we came back and said that we had 
more than expected holidays the election day and everything which really played spoil 
sports Q3 of last year so compared to that we have got 61 days in Q3 of this year so we 
have to plan in advance to see how we can take away that variability in our revenue streams 
because as we grow larger each day is a million dollar. I am just giving you a number and 
so it is important to manage that and plan the sick leave, calendar and all of that, it has to be 
managed a lot better, so huge amount of focus needs to be there on the operations front, so 
yes there is going to be a Q3,we know there could be potentially one billing day less and we 
need to plan ahead for that. Q2 hopefully will continue to be the same number of 62 to 63 
days that we had traditionally seen. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure and would there be one higher working days on sequential basis between July, August, 
September, and April, May and June? 
Venkatraman N: 
No it is one lower right. For Q3 it will be one lower Manik. 
Manik Taneja: 
I am saying July, August, September which is the Q3 fiscal year. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
In fact, I think Q3 will be 60 days actually. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Katkoria from PGIM India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Sure. Thank you for taking my question. I am sorry if I have missed the first few minutes in 
the beginning. I just wanted your thoughts on your long-term revenue growth outlook where 
we see the company let say five years from now,  and what the drivers would be, which 
verticals and how we try to get there. Thanks. 
Ashok Soota: 
Sure. I will just take the first part and which as you said you probably missed the beginning 
and I stated that we have a $1 billion goal by 2031 and we are very much on target to 
achieve that. I did also make a distinction that our guidance’s have not made a distinction 
between organic and inorganic growth. Obviously at our size even an organic growth can be 
very lumpy and therefore it is very difficult to be able to state those numbers. However, we 
also did say we may restate that guidance for the current year based on the way M&A 
progress and so far, we have not been able to do a deal. That does not mean it won’t 
happen,we have got a good strong pipeline, but we must be very selective in selecting our 
deals. It does not overly concern us simply because we are still very much in target for 
achieving our long-term goals. Then, we have got the verticals where we have addressed 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
that quite a bit in the earlier part, but I can get Joseph and Rajiv again to speak a little bit 
about that. I do want to highlight that as we progress, we do continue to grow new verticals 
in a way and then they begin to get focused on and healthcare where life sciences one 
example. It has come on now to our fact sheets and it is has grown vey significantly. It will 
be a new growth driver because we have got many segments within that where we believe 
we can take a unique positioning. So, with this let me turn this over to Joseph and Rajiv. 
Joseph Anantharaju: 
Thanks Ashok and the first part I would like to make is that the last couple of years we have 
been building depth in some of the domains that we are present in and the Ashok talked 
about healthcare that we started two years back, recently Rajiv mentioned that we brought a 
retail CPG head a seasoned industry veteran in EduTech and media entertainment as well 
we have built a team of Business Analysts(BA) to understand the domain and this will be a 
driver for our growth going forward taking the lead and getting a more upstream 
engagement. Having said that, I think we will have to continue looking for disruptions in 
each of these industries and they may happen at different points of time and therefore to 
name a specific vertical right now that would sort of sustain us for the next five or ten years 
would not be right. I think we must take a nimbler approach. Ashok did talk about 
healthcare as we speak there are multiple opportunities, in different sub segments of 
healthcare and if you look at all the verticals, they are still depending on the company there 
either starting some of the business initiatives or midway and so there are opportunities in 
all these verticals. If you look at Analytics, AI, if you look at automation and I think GenAI 
will touch all these verticals and the studies that you are putting in place will allow us to 
take our offerings with a twist of domain capability into all these verticals so I think that the 
growth will be broad based. The revenue share of different verticals could vary depending 
on where we get more success and where we are able to expand quickly. The third point I 
would like to make is that account expansion and land and expand will continue to be 
critical strategy for us. We will continually try to break into accounts with very fine-tuned 
offerings and then make sure that we use our land and expand strategy to grow these 
accounts and as we mentioned we have 57 billion dollars customers right now and we will 
continue adding more. This will be another avenue for growth. 
Utkarsh Katkoria: 
Got it. Thank you so much for that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rithvick a freelancer.  Please go 
ahead. 
Rithvick: 
Hi, good morning everyone. It is an amazing quarter, as the results have shown consistency. 
My question is that this SMI(Sri Mookambika Infosolutions), so will it have any positive 
impact on the bottom line of Happiest Minds as a whole? 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Ashok Soota: 
Two things we have clearly seen in the first quarter after that acquisition and you have seen 
that we have sustained our position as being the second highest in the entire industry in 
spite of the fact that that there are many multibillion-dollar companies and we have been 
able to sustain that EBITDA. That is one point. Second is that overall, when you look at the 
size of the acquisition, it is really very small. So, either way it could not have an impact, 
thirdly we look at the entities which deliver good margins for acquisitions. We never look at 
loss making companies, we do not look medium profitability, so we are looking at 
companies who are typically in the range of say 20% even if they are 35 and therefore on a 
percentage basis we do not expect any dilution when we do these acquisition maybe a 
marginal 1% or something, but we have always kept that cushion by saying that our 
guidance is really 22% to 24% though we have been delivering above 25%, so we are in a 
good shape as far as that recent acquisition is concerned and also our plans for future 
acquisitions. Joseph, I do not think you need to add anything more. Do you?  
Joseph Anantharaju: 
No. The only point I would have made is that there are synergies that we are already 
extracting out of the acquisition in terms of healthcare and supply chain expertise that will 
help us in acquiring more business that is the only other point. 
Rithvick: 
My second question is what is your take on the dedollarization of the world economy on 
Happiest Minds books? So many countries are doing away with the US dollar so how does 
it take an impact and I have seen the first quarter, so you have made an 8 Crores profit on 
the currency hedge. So how do you see the dedollarization of the world economy? 
Ashok Soota: 
Is Venkat back on the line. 
Moderator: 
Yes. He is available now. 
Venkatraman N: 
Sorry. I do not have an immediate answer. This is something that we are tracking, the 
Indian IT industry has always benefited from the way dollar has moved versus the rupee 
and that has been something that has been factored into our model as well, so 
dedollarization I am not too sure how to answer because 72% of my business comes from 
America, so it has to be dollar. India is 15% so that gives me the balance on the rupee front. 
But other than that, I do not know. 
Ashok Soota: 
Venkat, I do not see how this can impact us. If you just look at our sales within dollar which 
is clearly dollar trade, looking at our sales in rupees which is huge we sustain our 
profitability despite doing such a large percentage of our business in rupees that is most 
other large Indian IT companies do not get this percentage and therefore all of this really 
not linked to how world orders changes. There is a change but that but that is much more in 

 
 
 
Happiest Minds Technologies 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
terms of people sorting out to lot of bilateral deals are saying we will do trade with X, Y, Z 
country in their currency or our currency, frankly we are not even in that business. 
Rithvick: 
I have a last question; my last question is on the take on the Blockchain technology. So, you 
have spoken about automation, you have spoken about having the dedicated workforce in 
the ChatGPT segment AI, so what is your take on the Blockchain technology, any plans for 
that? 
Ashok Soota: 
Sridhar you want to take that? 
Sridhar Mantha: 
Yes. So now of course with blockchain we started working on the blockchain around four to 
five years back and at this point in time our point of view as a technology blockchain well 
proved. However, it has more of a narrow set of use cases compared to AI, which had much 
broader set of use cases. Whenever there is a distributed ledger and trust is required in those 
kind of use case and architecture we continue to use blockchain and it will continue to be 
one of the disruptive technologies that we are focusing and will try to incorporate based on 
the architectural needs and the client needs, wherever there is a trust and the distributed 
ledger is required as part of the solution we are incorporating. So, it will continue to be part 
of our arsenal as a disruptive technology. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. The participant has left the queue and that was a last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Gujjar from Happiest Minds for 
closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Sunil Gujjar: 
Thank you all for joining us today. We thank ICICI Securities for hosting this call on our 
behalf. We look forward to interacting with you. You can reach out to us on 
ir@happiestminds.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you member of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Please note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to 
be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
