Secretarial Section 
Head Office, 57- V.E. Road, 
Thoothukudi – 628 002. 
☏: 0461-2325136 
e-mail  : secretarial@tmbank.in 
CIN: L65110TN1921PLC001908 
 
 
Ref.No.TMB.SE.64/2023-24 
 
 
  28.07.2023 
The Manager, 
Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street. 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543596 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
'G' Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: TMB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q1 Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the earnings conference call hosted 
by the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited on Unaudited Financial Results of the Bank for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023, has been made available on the Bank’s website at the following link: 
 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q1 Results 
 
We are also attaching the Transcript of the earnings call with this intimation. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Prakash Chandra Panda      
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
PRAKASH 
CHANDRA 
PANDA
Digitally signed by 
PRAKASH CHANDRA 
PANDA 
Date: 2023.07.28 17:23:15 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
Q1 - FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call  
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Management   :  
Mr. S. Krishnan, Managing Director & CEO 
Mr. D. Inbamani, General Manager 
Mr. P. Suriaraj, General Manager 
Mr. D. Ramesh, General Manager 
Mr. V. Jayaraman, General Manager 
Mr. S. Narayanan, General Manager 
Mr. P.A. Krishnan, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prakash Chandra Panda, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 36 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tamilnad 
Mercantile Bank Limited Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S Krishnan, MD and 
CEO, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
S Krishnan: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a warm welcome to all the 
analysts, investors and stakeholders joining us today. A very 
good morning. I hope this message finds you all in good health 
and spirits. I am pleased to present the financial results and 
performance highlights of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank for the first 
part of the fiscal 2024. 
Before delving into the details, I would like to express my 
sincere gratitude for all your continuous support and trust in 
TMB. The first part of fiscal ’23-‘24 has been encouraging, with 
the Bank continuing its legacy of consistently delivering positive 
results since its inception more than 100 years ago. We have 
been steadfast in our commitment in generating profits and 
rewarding our shareholders suitably. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 36 
 
Let us get straight into the highlights of the performance of the 
bank for Q1 of the fiscal 2024. The performance details, the 
PowerPoint presentation to the investors, have already been 
uploaded in the website of both the stock exchanges and also 
the site of our bank. Nevertheless, I will give a brief on the 
performance of the bank for the ready information of my analyst 
friends. 
The total deposits of the bank grew by 8.73% year-on-year, 
while the advances grew by 10.26 percentage. Within the 
advances, if you look into, the RAM segment has grown by 
about 12.86 percentage. The total overall business grew by 9.4 
percentage. The bank's profitability has also increased. The 
bank registered an increase of about 12% in the net profit, 
compared with the year-on-year, registering a net profit of 
INR261 crores. The non-interest income again registered a 
growth of 20% about, while compared with the previous year's 
first quarter, registering an amount of INR167 crores during the 
current year, first quarter. Similarly, the interest income has also 
increased by 15%, compared to the previous year, reaching an 
amount of INR 1,156 crores during the first quarter. 
When I look into the parameters which directly has interest for 
the stakeholders, the net worth has increased to INR7,190 
crores as on 30th, June 2023 from INR5,427 crores. The book 
value of the share has gone up to INR 454.03 from INR 380.87. 
The asset quality, when we look into the asset quality, the NPA 
has come down to 1.56 percentage, the Gross NPA, from 1.69 a 
year ago. And the Net NPA has also come down to 0.66 
percentage. The Bank's return on assets is 1.85 percentage and 
the return on Equity stands at 14.80, with a very strong capital 
adequacy of 26.57 percentage, of which the CET1 alone is 
about 24.94 percentage. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 36 
 
The Cost to Income ratio is at 44.22%. Now let me also touch 
upon some of the guidance what we gave to the street at the 
beginning of the year and almost we are more or less on the 
same line. As far as the NIM is concerned, we said that we will 
be 4% and we are 4% in NIM as on 30th of June. The ROA, we 
gave a band of 1.75% to 2%, we are at 1.85%. ROE, we said 
15%-plus, we are close to that at 14.8%. And gross NPA, net 
NPA, we said below 2% and 1% respectively. We have honored 
that with 1.56% and 0.66%. 
The provision coverage ratio we said -- on the band of 88% to 
90%, we are 90%-plus. The cost to income ratio, we said 42% to 
44%. Almost we are on the band with 44.22%. The credit cost, 
we said about the band of 0.5% to 0.75%. The credit cost is at 
0.5 percentage. The slippage ratio was said as less than 1% per 
year. The slippage ratio for the Q1 is 0.27%, which translates to, 
for a year, almost to 1%.  
Friends, I will stop here for the brevity in as much as the 
PowerPoint presentation in detail. And you, being the analyst, 
you might have definitely made a good analysis. I will now throw 
the floor open to all the analysts for an interaction. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. Our first question is from the line of 
Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Good morning, sir. 
S Krishnan: 
Very good morning, Lakshminarayanan, sir. 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes, a couple of questions. Sir, first is, if you look at the yield 
across retail, agri, MSME and corporate, right? Can you just 
give me a range of yield across these four different classes? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 36 
 
S Krishnan: 
Which one you need? Yield in on? Retail on the RAM segment? 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes, Yes. Retail, Agri, MSME separately and the corporate. 
S Krishnan: 
Okay. I have noted, sir, we will share with you. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. The second is that, let's look at the top 20 borrowers, 
right, how much is top 20 borrowers contributing from the assets 
base? 
S Krishnan: 
One minute. Mr. Lakshminarayanan, sir, I will give during the 
course of this. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. So, and coming to the MSME segment, right, and again, 
further divide that into the micro, small and the medium, right? In 
which segment you are seeing growth is lower comparatively, 
and in which segment you find that there is a building up of 
stress, if you think? 
S Krishnan: 
I can give the growth in this MSME breakup. Micro, year-on-
year, has grown by 1.34 percentage, Q-o-Q it is by 1.42 
percentage, small has grown by 27.79 percentage year-on-year 
and Q-o-Q is almost flat or slightly lower. The medium sector 
has grown by 6.54 percentage year-on-year and the Q-o-Q is 
almost flat. Sorry, medium, I am sorry, that is the total of MSME 
what I said. 
The medium has de-grown by about 4.57 percentage year-on-
year and about 6 percentage Q-o-Q. Of course, the base is 
small. The medium base is only INR860 crores as on 30th of 
June. The overall MSME has grown by about 5.74 percentage 
year-on-year. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 36 
 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. So the smallest growth, I mean the growth that is 1.34% 
you mentioned in terms of micro, right? What is the total gross 
assets there? 
S Krishnan: 
Asset size is INR9,500 crores. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. Now, so the growth has come from predominantly in the 
middle segment, right? And it has been flat, or 1%-plus in the 
first segment. Now, is it because of the system is not growing? 
Or is it because of competitive intensity? or is it that you choose 
not to grow because you think that stresses building-up or what 
is the reason you would say attribute for these things? 
S Krishnan: 
I will only say that as far as the MSME is concerned, which I 
have told you earlier also, after this COVID, now the activities 
are picking-up. We could see the green shoots. When the 
capacities are increasing, naturally the MSME also will grow. 
The capacities have started, we are able to see the green 
shoots on the increase in the capacity at a minimal level for the 
large corporates. These MSMEs are basically dependent on the 
large corporates. They will be surrounding the large corporates 
and hence the demand also is slightly on this one. 
And when I talk of about you said or you choose, Yes, we have 
been keeping in mind asset quality. We are also choosy. 
Nevertheless, we are with an open mind for taking up. So, with 
that cautious approach, we could make a decent growth. 
Coming to the yield on advances which you asked for the RAM 
segment, I have the data. The agriculture yield is 8.9%, MSME 
is 11.12%. The retail is 9.19%. 
Lakshminarayanan: And corporate, sir? 
S Krishnan: 
That will be around 9.13% or 9.15%. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 36 
 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And the small segment which has actually grown 
stupendously, 37%, what would you attribute that growth? Is it 
an impetus from the organization to push growth or the segment 
itself has been growing? 
S Krishnan: 
Segment is growing. When the segment is growing and also the 
untapped market where we have the push, where we give the 
push because the MSME is basically the thrust area for our 
bank. So keeping that in mind, naturally there will be a push to 
increase that. Within that MSME, when we look into where it 
grows, we are able to see good potentials or good growth in the 
small segment. So that has increased. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And how do you anticipate growth for your bank for the 
coming year? What is the range in terms of advances growth 
you expect? And especially we are very strong with the MSME 
segment and for some reason it is actually growing in a slower 
pace, right? So keeping that in mind, what is the advance 
growth you expect for the whole year? What band you have 
budgeted for? 
S Krishnan: 
For the bank as a whole, as I said earlier also the guidance to 
the street is that we will be growing in the range of 12% to 15%. 
That is what we have said. And we also try to follow that we 
promise less and deliver more. That is what we are trying. So, 
we promise that it will be 12% to 15%. And then coming within 
that, how much will be the MSME? MSME will be in the range of 
around 10% to 12%, keeping in mind what we have grown now. 
While our focus will be on that, wherever opportunities are there, 
we will be, and we will be having a cautious approach. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Sir, one more question related to the gold loans, right? 
I've seen that across various private banks, regional banks in 
particular, the gold loan book has almost come to 25% of the 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 36 
 
assets. Now, it seems to be, you don't need to deploy capital 
and it's also gets various benefits in terms of subvention or in 
terms of becoming part of the priority sector. 
Now, given that conceptually, you think there is a risk for the 
banking system, if any of these things get adjusted by the 
regulator, how do you think about this? Because everyone has 
actually gone strong on gold loans and it actually brings a lot of 
benefits to the bank, right? So your adjusted ROA would be 
much higher in this thing and this even regulator would know, 
right? So how do you think about this from a risk mitigation point 
of view? I mean, I'm not talking only about your bank but in 
general, what is your view? 
Sir, did you hear my question or should I repeat that regarding 
the gold? 
S Krishnan:  
Sir, can you repeat? You were talking on the Jewel loan. 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes, so on the gold loan for all the private sector banks, 
particularly regional private banks in South, the goal loans have 
almost reached 25% of the asset book. And the gold loan is a 
very good product from the bank's point of view because you 
don't need to deploy capital, that is, you know, it's completely 
secure. And also it gives subvention benefits for the borrower 
and it's also agriculture-led. 
Now, since it's become such a good product and it's actually 
grown a lot, do you think there may be any intervention from the 
regulator? If so, how does the bank would mitigate it? Because 
you're making higher ROA adjusted and it gives a lot of benefits 
to the bank, right? So, what is the risk the bank system carries 
by having such a large gold loan book? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
S Krishnan: 
Okay, now I will answer this not as the MD of TMB, because you 
are asking about how the regulator will be viewing for the 
industry, right? 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes, and the industry and what is the, I mean, how banks have 
to think about it from a sensitivity, from a risk mitigation point of 
view, from a regulatory risk point of view? 
S Krishnan: 
As far as the regulator is concerned, the regulator will be looking 
into from the aspects as to, it should not be for one, the end use 
of the funds. I am talking on any credit. It should not be for the 
purpose like gambling and other things. So it should be for the 
purpose which is eligible. By and large, the banks, particularly 
which you said as the private banks, that too in the southern part 
of the country, they give mostly for the agriculture. So what is 
required is to ensure the end-use of the funds that it is used for 
the agriculture if it is given for the agriculture. 
But there is also not a restriction that it cannot be given for any 
other purpose. It can be given for non-agriculture also. The other 
aspect which the regulator can look into is the regulator has 
given a SOP that does it have a requirement for the capital. That 
is, it is an eligible financial collateral under Basel III guidelines. 
When it comes to eligible financial collateral, there are methods 
of valuing the eligible financial collaterals with the applicable 
haircuts. Now, there comes the question of the LTV. The LTV 
needs to be maintained. If the LTV is maintained, that can be. 
There are methodology of calculating the haircuts on the 
financial collateral, the eligible financial collateral. Gold is one of 
that collateral. There is a system of mark-to-market, the 
frequency of mark-to-market. So as a regulator, what he will be 
looking into is whether these guidelines are scruptously followed 
by the regulated entity. If they are not followed by the regulated 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
entity, then he can say, one, that I will not give you the benefit of 
the eligible financial collateral for your capital calculation 
purpose. 
Number two, the regulatory guideline if there is, for example, the 
quality of the jewel pledged becomes spurious, then the secured 
advance may become unsecured advances. The additional 
provisioning that will be required for the unsecured advance may 
have to be put. So, like this, they can bring in the conditions. So, 
this is what I perceive from the regulator. 
But this jewel loan, gold jewel loan is not a new product for the 
banking industry in India. At least with my experience of more 
than four decades, I can say that this product is in existence 
even before I entered the banking industry. Hence, I do not 
foresee much of the interference from the regulator, except on 
case-to-case basis where as part of their supervision, they do lot 
of exercise. So, on case-to-case basis, they may, if they find, 
they may advise, give the advice to individual banks. 
And as far as the TMB is concerned, I can say that we have a 
robust system of valuation of that gold, marking-to-market 
almost on daily basis in the system itself. So, we do not foresee 
any such, whatever I said, what the regulator can look into. So 
these things we ourselves proactively are looking into, following-
up with the LTV almost on a daily basis. So we don't foresee any 
issues on these things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sorry to interrupt Mr. Lakshminarayanan. May we 
request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions as there are several participants waiting for their turn. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Arvind R 
from Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
Arvind R: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I see like NPA 
ratio had gone up sequentially and I could also see like MSME 
segment also contributing to in a big way. I mean like in 
sequence when you look at sequentially. MSME segment hasn't 
grown up that much but still the NPA has gone up. I'm just trying 
to get an understanding, like what is going on in this particular 
segment, compared to which particular segment we think it 
could grow in the subsequent quarters? That is my first 
question. 
S Krishnan: 
Mr. Aravind, the latter part of your question is not audible. 
Arvind R: 
Okay, sir. I don't know which part of the question, but I was 
asking, like NPA has gone up sequentially, especially in MSME 
segment. That is one of our core segments and we haven't 
grown that much in the past year also like it's only less than 6 
percentage growth. I'm just trying to understand like, even 
though the growth is slow but our NPA is going up so that is 
what I'm trying to reconcile, sir. But also on one more thing on 
the same thing, restructured advance is also coming down, is it 
also because of that like a restructured book is coming out to the 
normal that is also contributing to NPA or something? 
S Krishnan: 
I will answer as far as the NPA going up sequentially, yes, if we 
look into the number per se, it has gone up to 1.56% from 1.39% 
on a sequential quarter. So, the number speaks that it has gone-
up. But one has to look into that what is the level of gross NPA 
of the bank, 1.56%, is that 1.56% is a reasonable number. In my 
opinion, 1.56% is not a cause of concern for one quarter from 
1.59%. 
Having said that, your next question is on the MSME. See, the 
MSME are generally fragile and that means a lot of hand-holding 
and other things. If you look into the industry as a whole, what is 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
the MSME NPA and what is the MSME NPA of TMB, you can 
see that there is a wide difference. We are still able to maintain 
a better quality. The restructured book is coming down, one, 
because we are able to also have a recovery. I will give you the 
numbers of the restructured book and also the NPAs in that, one 
minute. 
The total restructured book has come down from INR786 crores 
to INR703 crores as on 30th of June, of which the NPA has 
come down to INR87.29 crores. So that indicates that it is not 
only that the restructured book is coming down and then we also 
maintained the NPA of the restructured. So, if I look into that, the 
NPA is also coming down. 
Having said, yes, this restructured book needs to be closely 
followed up, monitored, which we are doing. Thus, we are able 
to maintain to a greater extent. During this quarter, there was a 
total slippage of INR101 crores in the NPA of which the major 
shock, the biggest advance is just about INR15 crores. That 
indicates that yes, the others are smaller. For your information, 
when I look into the slippage of INR101 crores, the slippage in 
the MSME constitutes INR60 crores, against INR63 crores in the 
previous quarter, sequential quarter. So, that indicates that yes, 
the slippage in the MSME is not allow me to that extent which 
we need to.  
Having said, the bank is fully cognizant of the stress in the 
industry, more particularly we will be focusing on the MSME 
which needs extra care. For your information, I can say that the 
Gross NPA ratio in ‘22-‘23 for the scheduled commercial banks 
in respect of MSME were at 6.1%. 
Arvind R: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. I just have one more question if I can ask? 
The CASA ratio is also declining. Obviously, it is decreasing for 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
almost all the banks that I have seen till now. But I'm just trying 
to understand where do you see in terms of cost of deposits 
shaping-up for the rest of the year? Either in terms of CASA 
ratio coming down or even rates for the term deposits, still have 
to kept up to keep the deposits within the bank? 
S Krishnan: 
Good. See, when across the globe, the regulators started 
tightening and increasing the rate of interest to contain the 
inflation, the Indian regulators are also doing that, sucking the 
liquidity available in the market. This has ultimately translated 
into drying-up of the surplus funds, which will normally be 
parked in the CASA. Hence, the CASA across the industry has 
come down substantially, as rightly observed by you. I can only 
add some indicative numbers, almost 200 bps on an average 
the CASA has come down for almost many of the banks. So, I 
can say across the industry. We cannot be an exception to that. 
Our CASA has come down against that of 200 bps, has come 
down by 100 bps. 
The supplement to this is the cost of deposit, as I said, when the 
surplus funds are drying-up, the demand for the costs, the cost 
increases. If you recollect last year, almost all the banks, I can 
say that the interest were increased substantially. The TMB 
waited for a longer time without increasing the cost. Then we 
also have comparative, competitive rates in the market. We 
increased our cost somewhere at the end of February, end of 
the last fiscal, in the month of February, I remember. We came 
out with a special product with a higher rate of interest. We 
mobilized the funds. After that, we stopped the product in the 
month of May. So this has resulted into the increased cost of 
deposits for all the banks and also to TMB. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
Arvind R: 
Sure sir, I just wanted to understand like, if you think there will 
be any warrant a requirement of increasing deposit rates or 
further? 
S Krishnan: 
I don't foresee in the near future for my bank. 
Arvind R: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, so much. 
S Krishnan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Prabal from 
Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
Sir, congratulations good business for the quarter. 
S Krishnan: 
Thank you.  
Prabal: 
My first question sir, can you highlight what is your liquidity 
coverage ratio? 
S Krishnan: 
One minute. Yes, I will give you during the course. Yes. 
Prabal: 
Okay, sir. Second question would be, how many employees are 
currently on the union model? And a supplement to that could 
be, if you can talk about the recent hiring that you've done at the 
senior level? 
S Krishnan: 
See, I have a total employee strength of around 4,500, nearly. 
Out of that 4,500, you said the union model, I presume that you 
are referring to the wage structure of the IBA model, am I right? 
Prabal: 
Yes, sir. 
S Krishnan: 
Okay. If that being the case, the employees whom I have 
recruited in the last two years, which will be very minimal in the 
number, maybe around 400 or 500 employees will be there, 
barring them, the rest of around 4,000 are in the IBA model. But 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
we have our own settlement. It is not exactly the IBA. We are 
not a secretary to the IBA wage settlement. We have our own 
settlement with our employees union and the officer's 
association. 
Now having said that, we are also working on, we are having 
discussions with our employees' representatives for those 
people also to have a different package. Now, if you were to 
answer that question, around 4,000 people will be in the IBA 
model. 
Prabal: 
And at the senior level, have you done any recent hiring from 
the market at senior head positions? 
S Krishnan: 
Senior, senior head position? No, senior head position, I have 
hired my General Manager Credit, has been hired less than a 
year back. My general manager in information technology is 
hired about a 1.5 year or so. My CFO, a senior person is hired 
about two years back. So likewise, we have a CTO, who is also 
hired from the market about two, 2.5 years back. So these are 
some of the people whom we have hired at the senior level. 
Prabal, you asked the LCR. LCR is 209%. 
Prabal: 
209% is that right? 
S Krishnan:  
209%. 
Prabal: 
Okay. So when are we planning to utilize this because 200%-
plus LCR is quite high for us. So are we planning to utilize this to 
maybe cushion margins for us? 
S Krishnan: 
Yes, we are planning. If you say that, see, I gave the guidance 
of the business growth at a moderate level of 12% to 15% and I 
also said that we want to, I mean, we follow that we commit less 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
and deliver more like that. So, we will be definitely utilizing this in 
the period to come with the increase in the advance business. 
We will be using that. 
And before that, Mr. Lakshminarayanan was asking about top 
20 borrowers. Mr. Lakshminarayanan can please note that the 
exposure is around INR3,200 crores, approximately. That is the 
exposure and outstanding is INR1,700 crores. 
Sorry, Mr. Prabal, please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
My next question was on jewel loans within the agriculture book. 
So if you can just highlight what is the nature of these loans, 
maybe in terms of ticket size, tenor and the kind of repayment 
design you have for this? 
S Krishnan: 
The jewel loan can be broadly classified into two categories. 
That is what mainly we give. One for the agriculture purpose and 
another is for the non-agriculture purpose. Normally the jewel 
loan for non-agriculture purpose is for a tenure of about one 
year and the agriculture goes with the agriculture side. We also 
have a key cash credit type backed with the jewel loan. The 
average ticket size of this jewel loan will be around INR1 lakh to 
INR2 lakhs, INR1 lakh. 
Prabal: 
And my last question. Sir, in your press release, it says that we 
are opening some loan processing centers. So if you can talk 
about what kind of loans will be processed via these centers? 
And also if you can elaborate, what was the process of -- what 
was the process earlier that bank used to follow? 
S Krishnan: 
Your question is not very audible. We have plans to... 
Prabal: 
My question sir, on the loan processing centers. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
S Krishnan: 
Loan processing centers, okay, fine. Fine. See, I told you last 
time that we have taken up a business process re-engineering 
project. As a part of that, on the first phase, we have taken up 
the MSME front. And this project for the MSME is in the 
implementation stage. As one of the first two measures, what we 
did was, we have established MSME hubs at four centers, 
Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai and Thoothukudi. These four 
centers we have established. These MSME hubs are headed by 
very experienced Executives, who will be able to take a call 
quickly. These executives in the hubs are well assisted by 
trained credit analysts. This brings me an advantage of having a 
good quality processing. 
The third, we have also posted relationship managers at all 
these hubs. These relationship managers have their feet on the 
street. They are in contact with the potential and also the 
existing customers to understand their needs, source the 
application, and then the due diligence is done by a separate 
team so that I ensure the quality of underwriting. This has been 
started very recently. I am able to see good traction, 
encouraging results. 
Of course, as far as the number is concerned, it is too early to 
tell the numbers. We will be watching for another two months or 
so. Probably, if possible, I would love to meet every one of you 
even in the mid of the quarter, where I will be able to share with 
you actually the numbers which has come out of these hubs. 
Prabal: 
Just to clarify, these hubs will be processing not just the loan 
brought in by relationship managers but also from the branches? 
S Krishnan: 
What I have done is to begin with, I have linked all these 
branches to the hub. That is in these centers, in these four 
centers, anything new one will be implemented in a big 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
organization in a phased manner. So I have chosen these four 
centers. The branches which are linked -- situated in these 
centers are linked to these hubs. And there I have also given a 
cut-off that any advances above INR50 lakhs to begin with will 
be processed by the hub and below that will be processed, will 
continue to be processed by the branches themselves. 
Over the period of time, with the establishment and the hub 
stabilizing itself, we will be slowly bringing down the INR50 lakhs 
cut-off to a lower limit and eventually, over a period of time, all 
the MSMEs will be brought to the hub. We are also in the 
process of having digitized loan originating system, which will 
ensure free and smooth flow of the applications. The leads 
which are generated through the relationship managers, that it 
will be like a funnel, where it will be coming in, and the hub will 
be processing it. 
There will be a quick, we have -- yesterday, if I am right, the 
purchase order for the procurement of the loan originating 
system, one of the state-of-the-art loan originating system 
available in the country, we have entered into an agreement with 
the service provider. Yesterday, we gave the purchase order. 
Hope that we will be able to finalize, I mean, rollover it as quickly 
as possible, which will enable my customers to have a good 
digital experience also. 
Prabal: 
That's very nice to hear, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas 
from Prescientcap Investment Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hi, sir. This is Sonal.  
S Krishnan: 
Good morning Mr. Sonal. How are you? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
Sonal Minhas: 
All well sir. How are you? Hope all is fine. 
S Krishnan: 
Fine, thank you. Good. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Sir, I had a bookkeeping question. Just wanted to understand, 
your size of your gold loan portfolio? Is LTV and its sum as 
these are roundabout figures you could disclose just to 
understand how large the gold portfolio is? 
S Krishnan: 
My size of gold loan portfolio is around INR10,200 crores to 
INR10,500 crores, approximately, right? And it consist of around 
9 lakhs accounts, approximately. The LTV ratio is maintained at 
85%, 15% is the margin. So LTV is maintained at 85% as I was 
responding to earlier to Mr. Lakshminarayanan that the bank 
has a good system of marking to market almost on a daily basis 
across all the branches. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it, sir. I was just asking what would be the tonnage of the 
gold loan portfolio, sir? 
S Krishnan: 
I don't have right now. It is across the all. So I don't have the 
tonnage of the gold. 
Sonal Minhas: 
No. Sir, I had a follow-on question on the MSME sector. 
Because I think in the last call we were in, I did ask you about 
the quality of the proposals that you are getting. And I think you 
did mention that the quality both in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, 
Karnataka region seems to be healthy. But right now from what I 
am hearing from the callers, the discussion with the callers 
earlier, seems like the MSME portfolio, you are a little cautious 
on reviewing the portfolios that are coming to you. So just 
wanted to understand, is there a change, what has happened? 
Maybe I'm getting it wrong, just trying to understand the quality 
of the MSME proposals that you're getting across the three, four 
states you're dominanted? 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
S Krishnan: 
No, I think you have probably more clarity on what are you said. 
I didn't said that there is a concern or anything like that. Rather, I 
was telling that out of the total slippage, if I look into for  Q1, 
which amounted to around INR101 crores, my MSME normally, 
yes, MSME was fragile and I have large exposure. So, there 
definitely the slippage portion also will be little higher. 
But when I compare this slippage with the previous quarter 
sequentially, sequentially in the last quarter that is Q4 of the last 
year, the slippage in the MSME was INR63 crores and during 
the Q1, the slippage is INR60 crores, which indicates that by 
and large, we are maintaining the same quality rather marginally 
it has improved because the slippage has come down from 
INR63 crores to INR60 crores. So, I still stand back to the quality 
what we get. Of course, when I say the quality what we get, we 
have to do the due diligence. As a lender we are cautious, we 
will be doing the due diligence and we will be taking a good 
quality book. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Understand. And with more centralization technology and the 
consulting fees you're talking about the quality of diligence, the 
comparison of proposals, even access to cash flows of these 
companies to understand the quality of the data that has been 
submitted. Will that all improve over time? Just this is more like 
thinking to understand how is the MSME book going to be in the 
next one or two years? 
S Krishnan: 
In the next one year or two years, I expect a good improvement 
in the MSME book of my bank. The stress ratio coming down 
reasonably well in the next one or two years, as you rightly 
observed with the centralization, putting in the ruling chain, the 
quality of the assessment, the underwriting, the monitoring. 
Today, a lot of tools are available. We will be able to ring fence 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
the cash flows. With all those things, I am sure that the quality 
will improve reasonably well in the next one to two years. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Understand, sir. Thanks a lot for answering my questions, sir. 
Have a nice day. Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor 
from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar sir and thank you for this opportunity. Sir, firstly if you 
could give us some general details of the increase in the 
treasury income for this quarter and I think so this line item 
supported our numbers for the quarter? And also, what explains 
the reduction in the profit for the retail banking segment? These 
two segments. 
S Krishnan: 
As far as treasury income is concerned, my interest income has 
gone up. With the investments going up and also the rate of 
interest firming up. On the year-on-year it has gone up. So, that 
is one. And my profit on sale of investments is almost flat, still 
the market is yet to get up to get me a profit. So, that is the main 
reason for this. 
And last year, you know the market was bad, which 
necessitated 
a 
mark-to-market 
provisioning, 
which 
was 
additional burden last Q1, which is not there this time. Hope that 
now it has turned, there is no mark-to-market. In the coming 
period of this fiscal, maybe by Q3 or Q4, I expect that the market 
will turn positive, will be able to get profits on the sale. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, sir. When we are comparing your treasury income on a 
year-on-year basis, it is flat. But on a Q-on-Q basis, it has 
moved up significantly. So just to understand the nature of the 
same, what factors will contribute to it and what should be its 
trajectory, are you in a position to comment on the same? And 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
on the retail banking segment, we have seen a decline Q-on-Q. 
If you could explain the same and Sir. Also, if you could give us 
some trajectory of what the NIMs for the year would likely to be, 
what should we look in terms of the ROA, and what should be 
our provision as per the book? 
S Krishnan: 
First, probably, your are picking-up from the segment reporting 
on their questions, or on that, am I right? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. From the segmental report, sir. 
S Krishnan: 
Okay. I will request my CFO to be in touch with you and he will 
give the necessary details on the breakup of this sequential 
quarter comparison, both on the treasury and also the retail 
banking. Coming to what will be the guidance on the return on 
assets, I said that my return on assets, the guidance given is in 
the range of 1.75% to 2%, which we will be maintaining. The 
NIM, as far as the NIM is concerned, it will be 4%-plus. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I’ll join the queue again. I request the moderator to just send me 
back two-three persons and I'll just join in two minutes. 
S Krishnan: 
Yes, most welcome Mr. Saket. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Hi sir, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. 
S Krishnan: 
Very good morning Mr. Jai Mundhra. How are you? 
Jai Mundhra: 
I am good sir. How are you? 
S Krishnan: 
Fine, fine. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Great, sir. My first question is on margins, right? So you know, 
not this quarter, of course, they have declined, but even from a 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
Y-o-Y perspective or the entire cycle perspective, we have seen 
margins which have not improved. Actually, they have 
deteriorated. If you look at yields, then they have been more or 
less range bound, like in the slide that you have given that the 
yields on Y-o-Y basis, they were 9.48% and then they have 
improved to 9.82%. 
But similar has been the pressure on cost of deposits and cost 
of funds. So margins have been more or less stagnated, 
whereas all other banks in the last three to four quarters have 
seen significant rise in the net interest margin. So what is the 
reason for limited margin expansion? At the same time, our 
growth has also been more or less normalized growth. So, when 
we are cautious on growth, the margins have been actually on a 
downhill. So, I wanted to understand what is the reason. 
S Krishnan: 
Mr. Mundhra, if you look into today across the banking industry 
itself, there is a pressure on the cost of deposits. Deposit costs 
have substantially gone up for every bank. Accordingly, for us 
also it has gone up. So it is a temporary phenomenon. I expect 
that this will ease out in the next quarter or so, it will be coming 
down. As I was explaining earlier to the earlier speaker, last 
year, we postponed increasing the deposit rate and we 
increased it only at the fag end of the last fiscal, that is in the 
month of February. 
Now, that full impact has come on the Q1. That is why it looks 
that the cost has gone up. Normally in banks, particularly in 
TMB, I can say that the Q1 will be a dull, lull on this one for 
various reasons. One such will be on the people movement. 
There will be large-scale transfers, replacement, other things. 
So, normally, there will be a lull period. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
Nevertheless, if you look into the growth, it has been moderate. I 
will say that around 10%, 9% also, the advance growth is 
around 10.26 percentage with that it has. Now my NIM is 4%, I 
feel that yes it will -- it’s likely to go up in the coming quarters 
that is what I expect. So, keeping that in mind only, we have 
given a guidance of 4%-plus and you will definitely agree with 
me that a NIM of 4% is reasonably a good NIM, when we 
compare the industry in the country barring few tail ends.  
Jai Mundhra: 
No doubt, sir the NIM at 4% is very healthy. What I was trying to 
understand is that it has not improved to the extent of what other 
banks have seen improvement. In fact, it has declined on Y-o-Y 
basis in last two, three quarters it has been declining on a 
sequential basis. Are you sensing some, let us say, competition, 
more competition when you were to increase your yield on 
advances or you think the competitive intensity is same as let's 
say last 12 months has not changed?  
S. Krishnan: 
No, there is increased competition which cannot be refuted by 
anyone. So, that is also one of the reasons that when that 
comes, then we have to and we take a very, very calculated 
steps. We have a good ALCO which deliberates on that. And I 
hope that this 4% is likely to go up in the coming period.  
Jai Mundhra: 
And, sir, you said that from now onwards the margin should be 
more or less stabilized here at 4% near about. Is that the right 
understanding?  
S. Krishnan: 
Yes, that is the right understanding. Margin is, I don't expect to 
go down rather it may be marginally going up from now 
onwards. It should move northward.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
So, why would that be? I mean, is that the cost of deposits have 
repriced almost to the extent that cost of deposits should not rise 
or how?  
S. Krishnan: 
No, cost of repricing of the customer, I mean, the deposits has 
taken place as far as my bank is concerned almost. And in the 
near future, of course, it's the ALCO’s call. I don't expect that the 
rate will be increasing in the deposit front. So I have the ALCO 
had their planning and whatever we were to mobilize, we have 
mobilized. We discontinued that product which was having the 
higher rate of interest. So, with all these things in back, I feel 
that going forward, my margin will be improving steadily.  
Jai Mundhra: 
And, sir, if you have the breakup of your loan book by MCLR, 
EBLR and working capital and term loan, I mean, these two 
cuts, that a, one by benchmark, that is to how much is MCLR, 
how much is EBLR, T-bills etcetera? And the second would be 
how much is working capital loan and how much is term loan?  
S. Krishnan: 
See, as far as the MCLR and EBLR is concerned, it is almost 
50-50 or it may be something like 48-52. There is slight 
difference only. So yes, so not much. So, we can say 50-50 will 
be the MCLR and EBLR. As far as the working capital and term 
loan is concerned, I will request our people to give you the exact 
numbers. Normally, there is a lag of about three months in 
effecting the -- three months to 6 months I can say in effecting 
the entries in the policy rates. 
 So, I hope that with all those things, what I said, that I also 
expect that the regulator will not be increasing the rates further. 
The pass may be continuing; this is what is the expectation. So, 
with those things I still stand that my margin is expected to 
improve gradually from now onwards.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
And sir, is it safe to assume that MCLR loans will still be 
repricing even going ahead, so you will still have some benefit 
coming from MCLR repricing?  
S. Krishnan: 
That ALCO will take a call about repricing the MCLR based on 
the cost of funds and we can infer what it will be.  
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. Sure. And sir last month if I remember, there was an IT 
raid which was pertaining to our bank, while nothing which is 
financially important or it has not impacted the financials, but it 
says that there was not too much of an internal control when it 
comes to said procedure etcetera. So, what is your comment, 
have we changed anything, have we analyzed that what were 
the reasons for the alleged lapses in our bank?  
S. Krishnan: 
First, I want to give you a clarification that it is not a raid. There 
is a difference between the raid and on the spot verification. So, 
I want to give you a clarification, there was no raid in the Tamil 
Nadu Mercantile Bank. And this has nothing to do with any of 
the financial statements of the bank which the bank has 
submitted for income tax purposes. These are related to 
specified transactions which the different entities need to report 
to the IT department at periodical intervals. Now you might have 
gone through the press release of the IT department after they 
did the on-the-spot verification. 
On 30th of June, if I am right, it came with a press release, 
where if you look into the last sentence, I will read out. In order 
to explain the legal obligations and the processes as well as to 
address difficulties faced by the reporting entities, outreach 
programs are being regularly organized by the department 
across the country. This is another initiative of the department to 
facilitate ease of compliance. This is what the IT department 
press release says.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
Having said, yes, what it is, the various reports which the bank 
had submitted, the department had found certain errors in the 
report submitted. I have to now clarify that whatever deficiencies 
or defects identified by the department, all those have been 
rectified and all the returns which were to be submitted to their 
department have since been submitted. So, I expect that the 
matter is likely to be closed as early as possible. These defects, 
one of the reasons could be certain technical glitches because 
of which these type of errors have occurred. So, this is what has 
happened. I hope that things are clear to everyone.  
Jai Mundhra: 
Right, sir. And last question, sir, is we have a loan book of 
around INR37,000 crores, INR38,000 crores and it is one of the 
lowest and still your loan growth aspirations are 12% to 15% 
only. We are one of the smaller base having a good ROA, have 
abundant capital. So, what is that stopping you from growing 
industry itself is growing at 15%, 16%. We are aspiring to be 
slightly lower than industry. So, wanted to understand what is 
stopping you in growing at a faster pace?  
S. Krishnan: 
It’s a very good question. My aspiration is also like that. But I 
also said that we follow the principles of promise less and 
deliver more. I hope that we'll be able to be in line with the 
industry pace. 
And the second is, as far as we are concerned, we are more 
particular on the bottom line, a healthy book rather than a big 
top line. So, we do lot of due-diligence and then we steadily 
grow the business that could be one of the reasons. But 
nevertheless, as I was explaining, that we also have now taken 
up business process re-engineering, based on which we have 
now created the hubs, we have put in place the relationship 
managers, whose feet are on the streets. So, I hope that in the 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
period to come, the business will be growing reasonably good 
and will be at par with the industry average.  
Jai Mundhra: 
Right sir. Thank you sir and all the very best.  
S. Krishnan: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank 
you. 
Our 
next 
question 
is 
from 
the 
line 
of 
Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Thanks again. Sir, to the earlier participant who mentioned that 
the growth aspiration is… 
Moderator: 
Mr. Lakshminarayanan sorry to interrupt. May we request you to 
use the handset, please? Your audio is not clear.  
Lakshminarayanan: Yes. So, it is -- earlier you mentioned that your growth aspiration 
is 10% to 15%. My question is that when you actually set your 
targets, is your internal targets different from this number, 
number one? Second is, what do you consider as the set when 
you actually benchmark? Is it the Indian banking system or is it 
the Tamil Nadu credit growth of Scheduled Banks advances or 
how do you think about it? How do you do bottom-up, both 
internally as well as externally that's my first question? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Lakshminarayanan I’m sorry to interrupt. Again, like we are 
not able to hear you at all.  
Lakshminarayanan: Yes sir. So, the question is that you had guided between 12% to 
15% growth. And you also mentioned that you like to maintain at 
least the industry growth. When you -- there are two questions 
or I would say just an extension of that. It is that when you do 
this target setting internally, do you have a different target and if 
so, how do you benchmark it? Do you benchmark with Tamil 
Nadu credit growth -- Tamil Nadu because your business is 80% 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
Tamil Nadu. Is it TN Schedule Bank credit advances growth and 
you want to grow ahead of it or is it the Indian banking system or 
it's the private banks, regional private banks? How do you say 
that you want to grow ahead of the system? What is your 
baseline?  
S. Krishnan: 
See, when we talk of the Scheduled Commercial Banks, even if 
I take a TN, Scheduled Commercial banks have got the credit 
portfolio under different segments. It has the RAM and also the 
corporate, if I have to say, in a broader sense. 
As far as the Tamilnad Mercantile Bank is concerned, we will be 
trying -- our aspiration will be that we are at par -- or ahead in 
the case of the RAM segment what is the Tamil Nadu 
Scheduled Commercial Bank and what is ours. So, that is what 
we will be because the corporate will be very, very selective and 
choosy. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. So your target setting and the way in which we as 
investors we should look at is are you growing ahead in terms of 
the RAM segment within Tamil Nadu Scheduled Commercial 
Banks?  
S. Krishnan: 
As far as the June is concerned, we are comparing with the 
Tamil Nadu Scheduled Commercial Banks this one. And as I 
said that first quarter normally will be a lull for us. But 
nevertheless, we will be able to catch up and that is what this 
one shows to us, the study. Our growth is around 13% in the 
RAM segment approximately. I hope that we are at the same 
pace. We will be accelerating the growth in the coming quarter. 
As I was telling, the drivers are like having MSME hubs 
exclusively at select centres, which I will be increasing going 
forward in Tamil Nadu itself. We have plans already in the final 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
stage of rolling out such things in the very, very near future. With 
those things, there will be an accelerated growth, which we 
expect in the RAM segment, particularly when I have to 
compare with the Tamil Nadu Scheduled Commercial Bank's 
RAM segment growth.  
Lakshminarayanan: Got it sir, and one last question, this, you mentioned the top 20 
borrowers it’s around 3,200 right, and I assume that all these 20 
borrowers come from the segment which is others right which is 
outside the RAM, am I correct?  
S. Krishnan: 
Yes, Yes, Yes.  
Lakshminarayanan: Okay, thank you sir.  
S. Krishnan: 
Welcome sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arvind R from 
Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead.  
Arvind R: 
Yes, thank you sir. Just one small question like so the corporate 
book has come down and then wholesale deposit also come 
down sequentially, I'm talking about. Is there any correlation in 
that, what is that? 
S. Krishnan: 
There is no correlation between the two. One of the corporate 
AAA, when as and when they require, they will be taking up from 
us and we are having a good association with that one. So, 
accordingly, it was taken. And when they have the surplus, they 
close it. So, it has no correlation between the reduction in the 
corporate and the reduction in the wholesale deposit. As a 
measure, we try always that we will be bringing down the 
wholesale, either on the liability side or on the asset side to 
eliminate the concentration risk. So, towards that, the wholesale 
deposits we have brought down. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
One, the retail, as I was explaining that yes in the retail we 
increase the rate of interest. We could garner good deposits, 
good amount. Now I have a good retail, increased retail 
customer clientele. Now that being the case with the CD ratio, 
so we are not for increasing the wholesale deposit. That 
wholesale deposit as and when required we can always get. 
That is how it has come down, it has no correlation.  
Arvind R: 
And just one follow up question on the IT thing, like you said, 
like things are addressed to avoid certain technical glitches. I'm 
just trying to get a more understanding of what kind of 
processes are being improved there to avoid those issues in the 
future?  
S. Krishnan: 
As far as the processes are concerned that internally I have put 
in place a system that all these are basically taken data 
extraction from the various systems which the bank has, the 
primarily the core banking. Now I'm also arranging for getting the 
script auditors for that purpose and I'm making my concurrent 
auditors to verify this. So, that these type of errors what we've 
seen is not reflected, is not occurred in future when we submit.  
I can also give some examples like the defect data, what has 
been given is that the PAN is mandatory for these reports of the 
income tax. But PAN is not mandatory for account to be opened. 
So, there is again, we are taking up the income tax department 
also on this. So, this one such thing. So, normally there will be a 
defector. When I submit because my customers, I cannot say 
that you should have the PAN number or you should have the 
mobile number. So, these are some of the things then that 
comes as a defective one. That is what has happened. These 
are some of the examples, not exhaustive list.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
So, what we have done is that the extractions one, the script 
and other things I am putting in place for thorough audit, 
freezing it and like that and also before submitting to have a 
verification by the independent person so that we submit a good 
data.  
Arvind R: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks so much. 
S. Krishnan: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor 
from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you sir for the second time opportunity. Sir, as the earlier 
speaker did mention, sir if we take the banking landscape, we 
are among small banks only and sir we have been listed now for 
over a year or almost closer to a year now and you have been 
speaking about the value creation ideas, but it is appearing from 
the quarterly numbers also that that there are issues with 
growth. So, how are you going to address the thing because if 
you look at the interest expended line item for this quarter, that 
has grown up significantly. 
So, I think they have been repricing on the liability franchise. So, 
going ahead sir, and also that you have very correctly guided 
also us in the last two quarters that the NIMS would be now 
trending lower to 4% from 4.3% or 4.35% which it was I think so 
for the September and the December quarter.  
So, in terms of these sectors ahead, what should investors 
investing – investor should at least expect from you. I thank the 
board for the dividend payout of INR10 per share although the 
payout is closer to 11%-12% only, but still, it's a good gesture. 
So, when you speak of value creation for your investors, for your 
stakeholders, what are the levers to which because growth 
guidance from you are not matching the industry and also I think 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
so the space where we are operating, we have constraints with 
our dominant presence also in certain part only. So, these are 
my -- these are my some observation sir and for the CFO sir to 
connect with me what the procedure, how should I know when 
and where to continue. 
S. Krishnan: 
Now let me give some flavor of whatever you have asked as far 
as for the investors are concerned. Now, if you look into a NIM, 
what we guided was 4 plus. As you also said, yes, we are. Just 
now I told that I expect that from now onwards, we expect 
northerly movement of the margins that is the NIM is expected 
to because whatever re-pricing was to happen on the liability 
front which you have observed that during Q1, the interest 
expenditure has gone up. So, it is expected to stabilize and I do 
not expect further increase in that.  
Going forward, we will be able to have a little increase in the 
yield on advances and spread is likely to improve that is one. 
And the second is, you were also asking about the business 
growth. I was also explaining that, yes, 12% to 15%, we are 
given a moderate commitment. We said that we have the policy 
of promising less and delivering more. That is what we want to 
follow. We are taking steps towards that goal. 
If you look into the drivers which will enable me to improve the 
business, as you observed that we have been operating in area, 
not only the geography, that we are predominantly focusing on 
the small segment unlike others who may have big ticket loans 
which will suddenly improve or quickly improve the top line. I 
was also telling that even the small loans, I am very cautious 
because we are focusing on the bottom line. We want to 
maintain the asset quality. That is why and we want to distribute 
the concentration risk.  

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
Keeping all these things, still what is the driver that I am going to 
have? I have explained that we have taken up a project of 
business process re-engineering. We have established the 
MSME hubs to begin with at four centers. We have put in place 
the relationship managers. All these have started just now in Q1 
or end of Q1. So this, I expect that will give me results in the rest 
of the year which will enable me to show the better results than 
which has been now. So, I hope that the investors can have the 
confidence on the margin. We have continuously demonstrated 
with a NIM of 4-plus and everyone will agree that it is reasonably 
a good NIM of 4 and the NPA ratio continues to be -- net NPA 
continues to be less than 1% with a provision coverage ratio of 
90 plus.  
In addition, for the investors' confidence, let me tell that the bank 
has earmarked around INR300 crores as a special provision for 
any contingencies on account of COVID. So, these are some of 
the cushion that are available for the bank, which should 
enhance the confidence of the investors.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, regarding connecting with the CFO part, please let me 
know the procedure. And also sir, I think so off late, we have 
also observed that the call, the con call have been skipped by 
the management and you have gone for a physical meet with 
investors. So, that gives us -- that is not giving an edge to your 
investor to participate. So, continue with the telephonic 
conversation as has been the practice, sir? 
S. Krishnan: 
We will do that. Telephonically, we will also have wherever 
possible we can also have through a video conferencing like a 
Zoom or whatever call we can have. As far as the CFO contact 
is concerned, you can note the mail ID, CFO@tmbank.in. 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, to conclude is that going ahead our yields on advances are 
going to improve than what we have reported for Q1 and the 
NIMs will also trend in the trajectory of 4%-plus for the year. And 
that is what you are guiding us for the year as a whole. So, on 
an EPS of INR68 that we posted for FY ‘23, what would be the 
likely trajectory on the growth we can expect sir, taking into 
account the current parameters and the current environment?  
S. Krishnan: 
So, in which growth your voice is not audible? The overall 
business growth I have given. 
Saket Kapoor: 
EPS growth sir.  
S. Krishnan: 
EPS growth…  
Saket Kapoor: 
We have posted INR68 rupees for FY ‘23. So taking into 
account… 
S. Krishnan: 
Give you the guidance. Okay. I will ask my CFO to give on EPS. 
We will be in touch.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Fine, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of our question-and-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. S. Krishnan for closing comments.  
S. Krishnan: 
Thank you very much. In fact, it was a great pleasure to have 
interaction with the cross-section of my analysts. I always love to 
have such a interactions. Once again, a big thanks to everyone 
of you for taking the time in the morning hours during the trading 
time to interact with us. I hope to have such interactions at much 
more frequent intervals than this one. And wherever possible, 
we will also have a physical meeting, we will also have the 

 
Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited 
 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
digital meeting. Thank you all once again and wish you a very 
happy and great day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. On behalf of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
