 
 
 
 
 
 
June 01, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532531 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limit
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: STAR 
Dear Madam/ Sirs, 
 
Sub:    Earnings Call transcript pertaining to Audited Financial Results for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
Ref: 
Earning Call held on May 25, 2023 pertaining to Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
With reference to the above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on May 25, 2023. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.strides.com/investor-annualreport.html  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
 
For Strides Pharma Science Limited, 
 
 
 
Manjula R 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. A30515 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
MANJULA 
RAMAMURTHY
Digitally signed by 
MANJULA RAMAMURTHY 
Date: 2023.06.01 10:40:42 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Strides Pharma Science Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
1. MR. ARUN KUMAR  
– FOUNDER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON &          
      MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
2. MR. BADREE KOMANDUR  
–   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FINANCE & GROUP CFO 
 
 
ANALYST:       
 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL  
 
 
 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Strides Pharma Science Limited Q4 FY 
'23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, 
and you will be able to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, and thank you for joining us today for Strides Earnings Call for 
the fourth quarter (Q4FY23) and full year-ended 2023(FY23). 
Today, we have with us on the call Arun, Founder, Executive Chairperson, and Managing 
Director; and Badree, Executive Director, Finance, and Group CFO, to share the highlights of 
the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you've gone through our results release and 
the quarterly investor presentation, which have been uploaded on our website and the stock 
exchange. The transcript of this call will be available in a week on the company's website. 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed with 
the risk to our business. After the end of this call, if you have any further questions, please feel 
free to contact the Investor Relations team. I now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening 
comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining today's Earnings Call. 
I'm pleased to report a very strong performance from Strides, considering how we began this 
year with just INR 4.2 crores of EBITDA last year. Not only did we come back very strongly, 
but we've also achieved many firsts as we have now reported our highest annual sales. This is at 
INR 3,704 crores, about 20% over last year. At INR 990 crores, this is our highest quarter ever 
reported, up 14% sequentially and year on year. 
We are delighted with the performance and calibrated reset we have achieved in the U.S. market. 
At $232 million, our U.S. business in FY23 has increased from $157 million in FY22 and has 
significantly surpassed pre-COVID period sales. Also pleased to announce, led by our U.K. 
operations, the other regulated markets have achieved their highest ever quarter sales of  $48 
million, and at $157 million, that again becomes the highest sale for the year since we got into 
this market. 
While pulling revenues up quite significantly, our focus was to get to a historical gross margin. 
In Q4, our gross margins inched very close to our historical peaks of 60%. And I'm very happy 
that in Q4, we are just a few basis points(bps) below that net target. During the year, important 
outcomes included revenue growth of almost INR600 crores, an absolute increase in EBITDA 
of gross margins of nearly INR500 crores, and from INR 4.2 crores EBITDA throughout last 
year. 
We have grown quarter-on-quarter focusing on costs for product launches and the discipline that 
this business requires to have increased our EBITDA to INR446 crores and with Q3 EBITDA 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
at INR160 crores. While the percentage out of that EBITDA is not yet to our targets or our 
historical targets, which is about 20% to 21%, I'm pleased that we are inching very close to that, 
and as we reset our business even further and complete all the works that we commenced in 
April of last year. I'm very confident that we will continue to build momentum from here on. 
We have reduced our gross debt by about INR250 crores during the year. And that is a significant 
improvement in our debt-to-EBITDA ratio. In Q1FY23, we started at 8.3 times, coming from a 
dismal FY '22 to an annualized exit run rate of 3.4x. 
We did call out that our target will be closer to 3x, but as you would imagine, most of the growth 
has come from the U.S., which we all know is working capital intensive.  
On Stelis, while we have had significant challenges with our Sputnik, we have reduced debt by 
about INR470 crores. Consequently, in the group, we have reduced debt by about INR720 crores 
in FY '23. And this will continue to be a focus for the company in the coming year. 
In a challenging regulatory environment, I'm happy to confirm that we have now completed 
(received EIRs) for all our sites that were inspected during the financial year, namely Chestnut, 
Ridge, New York facility, our flagship Bengaluru facility, Singapore, and most importantly, the 
Puducherry facility, which was issued a warning letter in 2019. We completed remediations very 
quickly; however, considering COVID-19 travel restrictions and that the plant does not deliver 
any significant products in shortage, we had to wait for the new regulations, which allow 
companies to request inspection, and we are pleased that the inspection happened. 
We have now received official confirmation from the FDA that they are satisfied with our 
completed remediation. This will lead to more product approvals on the side, but prod. However, 
the product has never been a concern for the company, considering that we still have 280-odd 
products filed and approved that we earlier had commercialized approximately 60 products in 
that region. And that is because we want the luxury of letting go of a product or revenue when 
challenged for price. And this way, we become not necessarily the primary supplier most times, 
but in the U.S., it allows us to keep the margin and the price discipline we want. 
We started internally resetting the organization this year, recalibrating our growth strategies of 
priorities, capital allocation methodology, and a focus on governance. All of that is playing 
through. And I'm happy with the results, especially during this time. So I touched on the revenues 
on the quarterly performance. So I will lead for questions later and get very specific to each 
market. 
Regulated markets continue to be leading the business. We currently classify our access 
market/institutional business and our emerging markets. And therefore, you will notice the 
lumpiness of that P&L, as it is very dependent on the contracts we win, and it's not necessarily 
a steady-state business. Consequently, you will notice in future slides how we propose to migrate 
our commentary from this year so that investors can better understand how we present the pace 
of emerging markets. Emerging markets are a key focus area for the group and continue to grow. 
We grew in the core emerging markets and achieved significant growth. For the US, at $232 
million, we are somewhere middle of our $220 million to $240 million guidance, up from $157 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
million. That has been a barrier because most of you know the Strides focus on niche therapies, 
which means that these revenues have now come back to historical levels. 
It has been an exceptional growth from the other regulated markets(ORM) because we are very 
determined to ensure that ORM catches up with the U.S. market in terms of revenue to have a 
mirrored market opportunity. But interestingly, we see the number of players dropping in smaller 
therapies where we specialize. So we like the growth and believe we'll be able to continue that 
momentum. 
It has also been a good year for the institutional business. We have been awarded a slightly 
higher share of the wallet, but the wallet keeps getting impacted in terms of pricing pressures 
and others in the anti-retroviral business; it’s always a business we conduct for manufacturing 
recovery and overhead absorption rather than us building this into a large strategic business 
considering that they are not fully integrated unlike some of our peers. Importantly, our emerging 
marketplace, especially in Latin America and Asia, is going through the regulatory filing and 
partnering phase.  
And towards that, we launched a new division within Strides called SynergICE, which is our 
B2B business that partners with companies worldwide, especially in markets where we don't 
intend to front end ourselves unless it's a frontier market of Africa where we are heavily focused 
on building a large pharmaceutical business considering that it is the market still unpenetrated. 
And we have a lot of success and experience in that market. 
Because we have this extensive U.S. portfolio of approved products, we see quicker approvals 
due to mutual recognition. Of course, we have to do a little more work regarding different types 
of packaging formats sold in Latin America and Asia, but we see this as a pivot for us to grow 
even stronger. These are traditional markets that we shied away from earlier. But last year, we 
consciously invested in building out the emerging marketplace. 
Coming to market specifics. In the U.S., at $232 million, with 19 of our 60 commercial products, 
we are number 1 in market share. We specialize in defining very niche and small products and 
then take market leadership to avoid the price pressure that happens as chronic and large early 
products. This was the 2019 strategy for us, and we reset to what it was, and that's playing out 
well. We have 60-odd products, which are going through very aggressive improvements before 
we launch these products. So, we are very comfortable with the products we have identified that 
will be launched soon. 
So most importantly, we like our market share, price discipline, and ability to keep three 
consecutive quarters of $60 million plus. That's very important because, as you know, the U.S. 
working capital cycle time is about 200 and 200-plus. And we wanted 3 or 4 steady-state quarters 
before we stepped up the gas to expand the market and use the free cash generated from the U.S. 
business for its club. 
The U.S. business otherwise is one -- it's almost $1 of new sales, including -- depending on the 
working capital cycle time based on the working capital cycle time, it is a very capital-intensive 
business -- working capital-intensive business. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
So we remain invested in SynergICE, our partner business. It's a larger part of our growth 
strategy even in the U.S. If we combine it with our very efficient front end, we are poised for 
even more success with that strategy, which is highly differentiated from our competitors, 
especially India-based competitors. 
The other regulated market was mainly led by a reset in the U.K. We are delighted to the fact 
that in the rest of Europe, we have now partnered with marquee names, and almost 3 of the top 
5 companies are our partners, which would never be the case when we were contending 
ourselves. The strategic alliances and partnerships and leading in several markets we don’t 
intend to contain are key to our growth strategies in the future. 
We are also investing most of our R&D spend in market rates in the U.S., considering that we 
have a significantly improved portfolio. But having said that, we announced a partnership with 
another player to develop a range of controlled substance nasal sprays from our Chestnut Ridge 
facility, which has the ability to produce very complex products in nasal sprays. And we are very 
excited about this partnership and look forward to product filings and approvals in the near term. 
Our branded Africa business maintained its growth trajectory. It is upscale, but we think we have 
established a long-range plan to take that business to an important size. And we, at this time, are 
not in a position to exactly give more details about it because a lot is still work in progress, but 
we are very excited about the opportunity, the margins that the business provides us, and also 
the IMS leadership position that we have in many markets, specifically in French-Africa. We 
have now also embarked into English-speaking Africa, but only in selected markets, and we are 
also happy to progress that as we need. 
Now reflecting our effect, we have decided going forward to restate our markets into regulated 
markets, Africa and emerging markets and access markets. And for the benefit of our investors 
and the analyst community follow us, we have recast the numbers for easy reference. 
And going forward, we will be using this format so that you'll have more granularity on our 
strategy and our numbers flowing through. 
We normally don't do guidance, but we are considering coming back from a very difficult period. 
A, we want to give all our investors the confidence that the leadership that I am very committed 
to building Strides to a very significant player, mostly focused on niche portfolio and margin 
expansions. So we want to give comfort to our investor community that -- and therefore, we 
have given framework guidance where we say the continuing business will grow quite 
significantly, but our emerging markets to grow faster as we get more and more products 
approved. 
We are confident of increasing our EBITDA from INR446 crores to about INR750 crores in the 
upper range and INR700 crores at the bottom of the range. 
We intend to reduce another INR500 crores of debt between Strides and Stelis. And we are now 
very confident that Strides' net debt-to-EBITDA will be under 3x. All of this will be achieved 
through emphasizing our network optimization, new product launches, market expansion, 
branded business increases in Africa, and improved cash flow generation, which will lead to a 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
stellar strong, if I may say FY '24. And we are all excited about our current order book and 
confidence level. 
On a high level, I will also take you through the debt book, and then I will leave the house for 
questions. 
As you can see, we have given a little bit more granularity around debt. Our long-term loans 
have been reduced by about INR250 crores. Our working capital has not increased despite an 
INR600 crore increase in revenues. Our gross debt consequently has come down. We have 
increased our US revolver slightly because Q1 for us in the U.S. is about $45 million. But from 
Q2 onwards, we have been hitting $60+ million. 
Ideally, the revolver has got no recourse to India. This could be akin to a factoring facility, but 
we are considering our loan agreements; we just want to call out the revolver, which was 
renewed a couple of months ago for another five years. It has got no guarantees or recourse to 
India. And our focus would be to reduce long-term loans. 
Our long-term loans have got a repayment of only around $15 million to $16 million a year. So 
even as our cash generation is much more than that, we'll now start dipping our working capital 
loans, considering some of these loans are at a good cost and where LIBOR is today, obviously, 
the cost of money has increased significantly. 
So our high-cost debt is what we would reduce through a combination of strategies. So adjusted 
for forex on constant currency, there hasn't been any significant net debt increase, while the 
business has delivered incremental revenues and gross margins.  
So overall, a very solid outcome, and we continue to be very bullish about the prospects of 
Strides and its continued focus on optimizing its business. I will also address Stelis as it’s a 
material associate. During the year, at Stelis, we reduced peak debt from INR1,200 crores to 
now INR650 crores at the end of March. And this is despite a very significant impairment mainly 
out of Sputnik. And while we have commenced arbitration in London, given the geopolitical 
situation, we have no clue and idea when this will get done, but we keep the investor community 
updated on progress. 
We have taken the hit and moved on to focus on building a world-class CDMO business, and 
we have several highs, including 2 U.S. FDA and 1 EU-GMP inspection. Our first product 
approval for PTH has been secured, and we have now partnered in over 19 countries, covering 
almost 80% of the market opportunity, and we will soon be closing out our partner in Europe 
and expect to launch the product within FY24. 
We have added five new partners to our CDMO business, and I'm pleased to let you know that 
3 of these five new partners are amongst the top 10 companies globally, and we now have a total 
of around 20 partners.  
So most critical for Stelis is that we can confirm that we will be EBITDA positive. We will still 
have some challenges around the mismatch in cash flows. We are resolving many of those things. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
And the Stelis Board has appointed strategic advisers for the reset. We will announce all of those 
outcomes with our Q1 results in a couple of months from now. 
And also importantly, we've just completed installing additional 8,000 liters of Drug substance 
capacity, and our first multimillion contract for an MSA for biologics has been secured, while 
we also have other customers that we have signed up. Post our FDA approvals, our average size 
of RFQs has increased dramatically. But like I said, onboarding a customer takes anywhere from 
18 months because it's not only GMP audits, but it's several other audits in terms of computer 
systems, ESG, EHS, and the whole works. But once they're onboarded, it's a very exciting 
business to be in.  
We are heavily invested in this business, and we'll stay invested here as we believe that the 
upside opportunities for stakeholders are significant. So based on now -- and I'm also pleased to 
let you know that our first commercial sales will start in June as one of our partners has now 
received 2 product approvals from this site for the inspection. 
Consequently, while our revenues will be lumpy because our revenue recognition is a function 
of work done, we should be able to have complete coverage of our operations. From an 
operational standpoint, we will not only be cash positive, but I mean slightly more than it needs, 
but we still will have to work on finding the last leg of the solutions related to Stelis, and we're 
working very hard to ensure we get there. 
Bear with us until the last week of July or the first few days of August is when we believe that 
we should finally be able to present to shareholders what we think would be a very exciting 
outcome for the business, which is significantly valuable in the medium term. 
So with that, I will -- we will take questions. I have with me colleagues, Badree, our CFO, and 
Vikesh, and we're more than happy to address your questions. As always, if you have follow-on 
questions, please do write to us in our e-mails, and we'll be more than happy to address them. 
Thank you all. 
And most importantly, to many of our investors who stayed invested, believe in us, and believe 
in the story, we are delighted with our Q4 numbers. We look forward to pleasantly surprise you 
with more good news soon. Thank you. 
Management: 
Can we take the questions, please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from Mr. Dhruv Maheshwari, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one, it's good to see our U.S. business has maintained its 
quarterly run rate in line with the last quarter and on guidance. Could you give a growth outlook 
for the same over the next 2, 3 years? What would be the key growth drivers for the $232 million 
base? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So we do -- we have a guidance. We have mentioned that we will grow the total business 
at around 15-odd percent, with emerging markets growing faster than regulated markets. So that 
is the benchmark guidance. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
I got it. The second one is that the Endo facility achieved breakeven at an operating profit level 
during the quarter. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, it does. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
And last, from a portfolio build-out perspective, how should we look at the future R&D 
investments for the business? 
Arun Kumar: 
Considering we have such a large basket of group products, we have redirected our R&D spend 
to emerging markets and Europe. Consequently, our R&D spend, which historically used to be 
about $20 million to $25 million, dropped to about $12 million to $13 million. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Can you help us understand the U.S. market from our product perspective today? What has 
allowed us to sustain the ongoing quarterly run rate? If I look at our gross margins, are we 
entirely supported only by  
Arun Kumar: 
Cyndrella, You're not very audible. So I would appreciate it if you could speak up on the phone, 
especially with regard to the first question. I got your second question, though. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yes. So I'm trying to understand the U.S. market from a product perspective, like from our 
product basket; how is the scenario today? What changes have helped us sustain the ongoing run 
rate and growth apart from the new launches? Is there any change? Are there any supply issues 
that are helping us to maintain our market share in the existing products? How should we see 
this? And overall, our strategy in the U.S. market has been to approach smaller-sized product 
but higher in number. So is that -- does that work for us? Or are you planning to change it? 
Arun Kumar: 
We are not -- in fact, we returned to that strategy. And some of our challenges were the panic 
during COVID as an organization and the focus more on chronic where many players compete 
for market share. And considering that during COVID, acute globally dropped over 50% in 
volumes because acute was not happening, elective surgeries were not happening at that time. 
Considering COVID is behind us, and probably we are all struggling and doing all the things 
that we normally used to do. Acute has come back quite strongly. What has changed for us to be 
very specific to your question? is we see that the number of players has reduced in the smaller 
molecules because all companies rationalize their portfolio because it's expensive to produce 
small products. 
It requires great skill in setting up your manufacturing facility, change over time, and cleaning 
validation. These are all very expensive cost centres given the current expectations of the 
regulators globally, but we have specialized in producing these kinds of products. The most 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
important thing for us is we -- I can now proudly say when I tell you that in 19 products, we are 
number 1 by a very large margin. So we are talking like 40%, 50% market share. And we also 
cherish the fact that more than 70% of our number 1 portfolio has got no Indian competition for 
several, several years. 
So that is a key advantage where you can set price discipline. I'm not suggesting -- it just makes 
life a lot easier when price discipline is there. You focus on supply chain. You ensure that 
customer advocacy is great. We just brought all of that thing, and it's not to blame anybody, but 
COVID ensured that logistics got very out of whack and costly and we've got all that organized 
and a failure to supplier have dramatically started coming down. We never used to have one for 
almost 3 or 4 years pre-COVID, we had less than 0.5%, but COVID changed that for us and for 
a lot of companies. And supply chain is back, the normalcy is set right, no more exuberant, all 
of this in place. 
As far as gross margins, clearly, for a combined gross margin of 60%. The U.S. is the gross 
margin leader historically for us. So if the business grew in the U.S. back from this higher than 
its pre-COVID level, then is just a logical reset of a business that we did well for several decades. 
We're just doing the same things. I think there would be always competition in specific products, 
but we are not shy in giving away market share also when we think it's irrational. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
It's helpful. On injectable filings  
Arun Kumar: 
Strides doesn't work injectable business at all. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
You were planning to come back, right? That's the reason? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, we have plan. As I said, just hang on till we complete our conversations around Stelis and 
its resets and then maybe that will be more in appropriate time to have this discussion. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And with overall price erosion right now, how much per our portfolio we see for the overall 
industry, where we are present from a U.S. perspective. 
Arun Kumar: 
If I say 0, you won't believe me, but that's where I'm going to put my neck out. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
For our portfolio, right? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
That's good. And in terms of overall thought process over '25 and beyond, how do you think or 
you think we should wait for one or two more quarters to ask you this question? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, good idea. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tarang Agarwal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Mine's bookkeeping question, I'm unable to reconcile the changes in working capital that's been 
provided in the cash flow with the numbers on the balance sheet. For instance, increase in trade 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
and other receivables is about negative INR3,473 million. For financial year '23. But when I go 
to the balance sheet, the receivables have not grown by that amount. It's grown by maybe only 
less than $100 million. 
Similarly, when I go down and I look at decrease in trade payables are about INR1,022 million, 
I'm unable to reconcile. So can you just help me figure out what I'm missing here. 
Arun Kumar: 
I am going to let Vikesh, my colleague, to probably address this, please. 
Management: 
Yes. So the major difference that is coming is on 2 accounts. One is we had deconsolidated UCL 
in Q2 -- end of Q2. So that is reflected in opening financials, but it's not there in the closing 
financials. So that is having one impact. But in the cash flow, it is part of the INR300 crores 
impact that you see on receivables. 
And also corresponding on inventories and payables, plus there are certain assets that have been 
identified as held for sale and those assets held for sale is also forming part of the cash flow grid. 
So those are the 2 major items that are causing the -- that are impacting the difference between 
the balance sheet and cash flow. The entire transactions pertaining to these 2 items will be 
presented in the notes in a much more detailed manner. 
Tarang Agarwal: 
Okay. I'll have a look and I'll probably drop in an email. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Congratulations on the turnaround. I'll start with a couple of housekeeping questions. One is, a; 
there's been a pretty sharp Q-o-Q increase in our other expenses. Any specific drivers for that? 
Badree Komandur: 
Yes. So Nitin, just to answer this question. The overall, the operating cost has remained the 
same. We had some exchanges, there has been an increase in sales in Q4, responding there has 
been increase in expenses, plus there is also an exchange impact, which is sitting here. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Badree, how much would the exchange impact be? 
Badree Komandur: 
For Q4, it is INR15 crores. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
But given at where the business today is assuming at this run rate of about INR1,000 crores of 
revenues, this INR250 crores thereabouts is SG&A expense number to go with? Or there is a 
scope for rationalization over here? 
Badree Komandur: 
Yes. So overall, we have said that it will be in the region of $208 million last time you said and 
it will be in that range, $200 million. 
Arun Kumar: 
$200 million. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
This is across staff costs and other expenses? 
Badree Komandur: 
That is correct 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Arun, on the other regulated markets, there's been a very sharp delta in this Q4. So is there 
some seasonality in this business or this is a base on vision business growth going forward? 
Arun Kumar: 
No, there is a positive impact from our Australian business, which is mainly the -- post-COVID, 
the Australian government mandated a certain level of stock keeping by the leading players in 
return for better PVS pricing. So we are seeing a significant uptick in Australia. We are not sure 
if this is -- this will be a yearly function, but will it kind of the big Q4 event every year, we are 
not so sure. But we are very confident to grow from the numbers that we have achieved in the 
other regulated market at $157 million. 
But, Australia did play a very significant role. But the exit run rate is $200 million on $157 
million business, which effectively means that the average last 3 quarters is about 35%. It is 
really hard to beat this quarter, but we are doing -- we have a very strong pipeline. Over the year, 
we will still achieve the company guided growth even in this platform. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And on the U.S., you talked about the fact that the U.S. business, currently, the price erosion 
seems to be almost negligible on the current portfolio. So 2 things. One is, A, is there, again, an 
element of seasonality in our U.S. business... 
Arun Kumar: 
Nitin, I'm not suggesting that there is no price erosion. We don't accept price erosion. We have 
the luxury of portfolio and size on what we want to achieve. So if you get challenged for a $10 
million product or a $5 million product or a $20 million product, which is where the challenge 
is happening mostly, we're happy to let go because we have 14, 15 products being launched 
every year. If we keep -- if we say that we have not lost business on our base business in the last 
year, that is not fair. We have, because we have given away business. 
But we've also added business because we are now very focused on going back to our historical 
numbers, which is U.S. business delivers closer to 65% to 67% gross margin. This also addresses 
the previous question. But to get there, sometimes in your challenge, you have to let go business. 
So I'm not suggesting the price erosion. Price erosion is when you want to keep your market 
share. I'm saying we have the luxury of letting go when challenged. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Got it. That's understandable. And secondly, in terms of the pipeline, which is not launched here 
versus we already have in the market, in your assessment, is there a qualitative difference in the 
quality of the products that you potentially launch versus what we already have in the market. 
in terms of qualitative, I mean revenue per product potential. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So I mean the key element here is that the end of out of the 280-odd products, almost 100 
high-quality products came from the Endo portfolio. The challenge we had in the first 2 quarters 
of the transition was that Endo is still marketing the products for us, and we didn't have control 
on products and portfolio and pricing because that's how the deal is structured. 
Now that they have, we obviously have brought the same level of hygiene and discipline that we 
are generally known for in the U.S. market, and that's also led to an update because we were 
bleeding money in Chestnut Ridge, and if I was addressing a previous question that if you make 
money in Q4 in Chestnut Ridge and the answer is yes it means that we have now solved for a 
lot of things. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Most importantly, Nitin, we've reduced our Chestnut Ridge cost by almost $15 million during 
the year. And that complete flow-through will only happen from April -- has happened only 
from April end. 
So that's almost about INR8 crores to INR10 crores a quarter, almost $1 million to $1.2 million 
per quarter, I mean, as the residual costs that we are bearing in Q1. So that also will give you an 
indication of what Chestnut Ridge could do. Yes. So we -- if you look at IMS today, you will 
see us in market leadership on several products. In many products, we are the sole supplier, but 
we are disciplined in pricing. We don't want to do anything irrational, but we have several 
products where we are the sole player in the market. But they're small products. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And 2 last questions. One is when will the nasal spray portfolio that we partnered recently 
coming to the market? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, it's got to take a release about 3 years because it's a very complex controlled substance on 
a very special device. So it's a lot of work, including potentially some clinical to supply. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly, Badree, the increase cost seems to be very high for the quarter. Any specific drivers 
for that? 
Badree Komandur: 
Yes. So the interest cost is there are some loans which has been taken in the later part of the Q3, 
the full impact has come in the current quarter. And second thing is, while we close the 
transaction on Arrow in December last week just because of the procedural matters of the 
repayment to the banks in time. So that's the reason the interest cost is slightly higher. But 
overall, it will be in the INR65 crores range is what we expect going forward. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
INR65 crores quarterly range is what you should work with? 
Arun Kumar: 
It's also to do with LIBOR, right, because our Wells Fargo line is linked to LIBOR, so it's LIBOR 
going up. There is a 3%, 4% increase on that line cost, too. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Congratulations team on a good set of numbers on the pharma side. Sir, first question on Stelis, 
I just wanted some more clarity. I think you have written that we are expecting some outcome 
to come from the strategic options. So are we in the next -- by the next quarter or so, are we 
concluding a transaction or planning to conclude a transaction? Or are we just going to be 
deciding what is the way forward on what to be there and what needs to be done for a stake that 
we have? 
Arun Kumar: 
It's more definitive way forward and how to ensure that we become a very important CDMO 
company of size and scale and the strategic options include that, amongst other things that you 
mentioned. So bear with us, it's only 2 months away. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. Because in the last quarter commentary, it appeared as if we wanted to conclude a strategic 
sale or something like that, wherein we sort of get out of our shareholder... 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Arun Kumar: 
You reading between the lines, but I can't blame you for that. When we -- when the Board 
appoints advisers for strategic options, it effectively means it could be anything. What I'm trying 
to tell you is that anything for us in this case is how do we build Stelis to become one of India's 
leading CDMO companies. And what does it take us to do that. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. So that is what we are expecting, maybe by the time we have the results for the next 
quarter, right? Okay. And secondly, what is the current level of corporate guarantees that Strides 
has given to Stelis? 
Arun Kumar: 
The outstanding debt in Stelis is about INR600-odd crores after cash and cash equivalent. I think 
the outstanding liabilities related to Stelis is in the range of around INR500 crores because you 
don't need to give guarantees on all the COVID loans. So yes, it is in that ballpark. Although if 
among the strategic options or refinancing is what we want to do, then we have shareholder 
approval to issue guarantees up to INR700 crores. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And now coming to the rationalization of the cost part. So we can see that our other 
expenses has come down. But at the same time, some normative expenses would have gone up. 
So what is the extent to which we have gained in terms of permanent removal of the other 
expenses from our cost structure? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So you have to assume Q4 as the base and like we said, $200 million run rate in for the 
whole year, so $50 million. We are very close to those levels. There would be a little more 
opportunity for us to reduce, but it won't increase from that. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. Because I think related -- there were some higher expenses related to our U.S. 
facility also which you were carrying until end of April '23. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So that was when we issued a WARN notice where we rightsized more than 50 people. 
There are certain regulations that leads to a fair significant amount of severance. All of that has 
been taken into account, and that ended as of end of April. So that's all done with now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser from Nasser Investment. Please 
go ahead.  
Zaki Nasser: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. The company looks at the cost of turnaround in 
'24, as you rightly mentioned in your presentation, sir. My 2 questions, sir, is like we did around 
INR1,000 crores on the top line this quarter. Going forward, do you think we could -- I mean, 
this will become like a normalized quarterly run rate for Strides? 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you for your commentary on our numbers. We appreciate that. We did have a good bump 
up on our institutional business, but we called that out in our deck where there is lumpiness in 
that business. And that's why we have agreed on a restatement on how we -- I mean how we 
would present numbers going forward. So I think that the institutional business is lumpy in 
nature for the whole industry, for those of us who are in this business. 
But if you take that off and we have guided numbers, then on that number, you could safely add 
20%. So this is a good kind of guardrail number, if you wish, but you would -- I would be 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
cautiously optimistic on the institutional business, because it's not a business in our hands. It 
depends on donor funding, on the ability for you to deliver at short notice and stuff like that. 
At this time, we are building businesses which are more in our destiny, in our strategy. And 
while the donor business is extremely important from a manufacturing recovery standpoint, it's 
not a business that is predictable or guidable like the rest of the business. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Okay. But sir, I mean like you -- the word you rarely use like guardrail number. So could we 
safely assume 6%, 7% from here on the lower end in terms of if you subtract the part of the 
institutional business also? 
Arun Kumar: 
If you subtract the institutional business, you can safely count 15% to 20%. If you add the 
institutional business, 6%, 7% is also very comfortable. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of Stelis, the debt number is INR600-odd crores. And what would be in 
Strides. And what would your comfort level or going forward by the end of '24 and '25, what 
would you want these 2 numbers to look like, sir? 
Arun Kumar: 
Not over 3.5 times EBITDA. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Okay, sir. And 1 last question, sir. In Stelis, have we taken the total write-down from the 
problems on the Sputnik? Or we still have some carry forward things from that? 
Arun Kumar: 
None. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Is there any possibility of something coming back on the books? 
Arun Kumar: 
No. 
Zaki Nasser: 
No. I mean in some kind of insight from the authorities or things like that? 
Arun Kumar: 
No. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Siddhanth Choudhary, Individual Investor. 
Siddhanth Choudhary: 
I just have a single question. As you have given guidance for FY '24 is around 15% revenue 
growth with our target EBITDA of around INR750 crores. So could you highlight the key drivers 
for this top line growth and margin expansion for this fiscal year? 
Arun Kumar: 
So one is cost, obviously. Second, continued success in the U.S. that is key and synergize our 
B2B business, converting to -- I mean, customers that were converted moving to revenue 
recognition. Those are some of the key drivers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Omkar, Individual Investor. 
Omkar: 
Congratulations to Strides for good gross margin improvement and focus on margin 
improvement. My first question is price has delivered $63 million revenue in a year. As far as 
Q-o-Q performance is concerned, there is no improvement in U.S. revenue. Any specific reason 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
for it? And how many products we are introducing this financial year from Endo. In Q3, end 
products got launched from Endo in U.S. 
Arun Kumar: 
So it's not launched, it's actually relaunched. So like I said, if we get challenged on pricing, we 
are happy to let go. So it's not how much we want to grow in the U.S., it's about margin 
expansion. And with that discipline, we have got to 60% of margin expansion -- almost 59.9%, 
and we want to focus on that. And this year is all about improving our gross margins and 
EBITDA and further reducing our debt to a comfortable level, which is what our focus is. So we 
are not so much concerned if sequentially, we didn't grow 10% or 15% Q-on-Q. We grew 58% 
Y-on-Y. So if we end up the year 15% growth on $232 million, that's what we need to look at. 
And are we improving our gross margin beyond 59%. That will be a good indicator. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan from Pragya Equities Private Limited. 
Moderator: 
Your voice is low, we are not able to hear you. Please keep your headset closer to your... 
Chetan: 
Can you give us what percentage of promoter stake is pledged? Or is there any guidance for 
reduction reduce it? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. So see, we did guide that our idea is to reduce our prices quite significantly. But considering 
-- we had a choice last year to keep the lights on in Stelis. So promoters have invested over 
INR500 crores, which to ensure that nothing is called from the guarantees that Strides is 
delivered, and that was key to our strategy. And absolute loan book on the pledges have not 
increased, but pledges is a function of the share price. We believe that we will be able to reduce 
the pledge levels by about 33% to 40% during this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question. I would now like to hand over the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you all for joining today's call. And like I earlier alluded, thanks for your 
confidence in Strides, and thank you for your support. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Strides Pharma Science Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
***** 
 
