 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
Symbol: LALPATHLAB        
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539524 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call on Financial Results for Q1 FY24 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Transcript of Conference Call on 
Financial Results for Q1 FY24. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Gujral 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
VINAY 
GUJRAL
Digitally signed by VINAY GUJRAL 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=0fa538e55ae7b0266a2316103152d
8776702b6422f0d8a36edadf26c85c60a16, 
postalCode=121004, street=Flat No 502 
Ambience CGHS Ltd GH-4 Sector-2 
Ballabgarh, 
pseudonym=ef8f0b52b0d8c14f4dad79c2636
65819, 
serialNumber=3086abc082bae5dcf46bd0def
545ce4237763545c86d24c0cc0c5382400562
c0, o=Personal, cn=VINAY GUJRAL 
Date: 2023.08.02 10:07:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15: 
 
 
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour  
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman 
• 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO – Group/ Associate Companies 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Rahul Agarwal – InCred Capital  
• 
Aneesh Deora - Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities  
• 
Tanmay Gandhi - Investec Capital Services  
• 
Mehul Sheth - Axis Capital 
• 
Cyndrella Carvalho - JM Financial Institutional Securities 
• 
Aashita Jain – Nuvama Securities  
• 
Vignesh Iyer - Sequent Investments 
• 
Omkar Kamtekar - Bonanza Portfolio 
• 
Karan Vora - Goldman Sachs 
• 
Dheeresh Pathak - White Oak Capital 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 15: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY 24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Dr. Lal PathLabs. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki of CDR India.  
Nishid Solanki: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the Management Team including (Hony) 
Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Executive Chairman, Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing 
Director, Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan – CEO, Mr. Ved Prakash Goel - Group CFO along 
with Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO of Suburban and other Group Companies. 
I would like to share our standard disclaimer here. Some of the statements made on 
today's call would be forward-looking in nature, and the actual results could vary from 
these forward-looking statements. A detailed statement in this regard is available in 
the Results presentation which has been circulated earlier and also available on the 
stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives.  
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal: A very good evening today everyone. I welcome you all to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. I would commence by shedding some light on 
the evolving market situation and the progress that we have made. 
India’s diagnostic industry remains vibrant presenting abundant opportunities in the 
future. In contrast to other nations India’s healthcare expenditure relative to its GDP 
is reasonably low. However, a shift towards evidence-based medicine has come of 
age after the pandemic. The industry is undergoing a transformation from 
unorganized to organized more so since the onset of the pandemic. This positive 
shift continues and is attributed to multiple reasons including higher awareness and 
increasing preference of customers for branded players it offers superior quality and 
efficiency. 
I am glad to share with you all that International Newsweek magazine has recognized 
Dr. Lal PathLabs as the 15th of the 100th Global Most Loved Workplaces 2023 across 
the world. There are only two other Indian companies on the list which were ranked 
much below us. 
As a leader in the diagnostic industry, we have consistently thrived to deliver superior 
patient experience by expanding our test menu and penetrating deeper into our core 
markets as well as foraying into newer markets. The synergy between Suburban 
Diagnostics and Dr. Lal PathLabs' brand has further enhanced, helping us garner 
incremental shares in our high potential Western market. We are constantly focused 
on expanding our presence to reach a larger number of customers, especially in the 
Tier-III and Tier-IV cities. While doing so we remain committed to continuously 
improving our testing capabilities, quality, and patient experience. 
We have implemented Total Lab Automation or TLA which is supplemented with 
digital intelligence. We have also reduced the requirement of aliquots or what are 
sub-samples by 93% by using inbuilt advanced sorting logic and aliquoting 

 
Page 3 of 15: 
 
algorithms which resulted in saving of more than 1.3 million aliquots and more than 
5,200 tons of plastic waste in our National Reference Lab at Rohini, New Delhi. This 
underlines Dr. Lal PathLabs' strong commitment towards sustainability and creating 
a greener environment. 
Our investments in strengthening the digital infrastructure has started yielding 
positive results as anticipated. This will help us in consistently meeting patient 
expectations on several parameters while driving volume growth. Given our strong 
operating model and brand affinity in both B2C and B2B segments, I see the 
company continue to gain significant market share. 
Thank you very much. I would now like to hand over the floor to Dr. Om Manchanda. 
Over to you, Om. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Thank you Dr. Lal. Welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs' Q1 FY24 earnings call. I shall share 
the broad industry trends. 
The first one is at an overall industry level, the contribution from COVID testing has 
further declined. We are now mainly left with COVID allied testing and this sub-group 
within COVID sales has a very strong overlap with non-COVID testing. Therefore, 
tracking and reporting sales with and without COVID separately does not make 
sense anymore. Therefore, we have also removed this chart from the Investor Deck 
where we were showing these numbers separately. The good news is that in some 
ways this reduces the complexity and helps us analyze business trends better.  
Second point is the Suburban Diagnostic now enters into Phase II of integration 
where we have started looking at common lab infrastructure between the two brands 
that is Dr. Lal PathLabs' and Suburban.  
Swasthfit continues to ride the momentum of preventive health checkup sales. The 
contribution has further gone up in this quarter. That is showing a strong positive 
impact on test per patient as well as higher realization per patient. The added 
advantage of this increase in contribution is also seen in simplified operations.  
Widening our footprint both in terms of depth that is going deeper into Tier-II, Tier-III 
and Tier-IV towns as well as in terms of width which is both through inorganic as well 
as organic will continue to be the central theme of growth strategy of Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. 
With that, now I handover to Bharath for further update on Q1 FY24 results. Over to 
you, Bharath. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: A very good evening to everyone present here. I warmly welcome you all to Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Operating and Business Highlights of the Company 
In Q1 FY24, we recorded a revenue of Rs. 541 crore which is a growth of 7.6% over 
last year Q1, and the non-COVID revenue grew by 9.7% YoY. The COVID RT-PCR 
testing revenue declined by 81% in Q1 FY24 to Rs. 2.3 crore from Rs. 12 crore in 
Q1 FY23. 
Revenue per patient for Q1 FY24 was Rs. 789, this was sequentially higher versus 
the preceding quarter by 1.9% led by high contribution of Swasthfit, Delhi NCR region 
and full quarter flow through of price adjustments. 

 
Page 4 of 15: 
 
In Q1 FY24, we recorded 6.9 million patient visits, which is flattish at an overall level 
led by an unusually high base in Q1 last year. However, net of COVID-related testing 
we grew patient volumes sequentially by 8%. Also, on a four-year CAGR basis, the 
patient volume growth for Q1 FY24 stood around 7% for the organic business. 
We also recorded a 6.1% growth in samples, which stood at 19.3 million in Q1 FY24. 
The tests per patient also moved up significantly from 2.6 in Q1 FY23 to 2.8 in Q1 
FY24, representing a 7.0 % growth.  
Update on Strategic Initiatives 
The first one is on increase in marketing efforts. In this quarter, on the organic 
business side, we launched a new marketing campaign “Bharat Ka Vishwas” with 
quantifiable reasons to believe why millions of patients and doctors trust Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. We believe that this campaign over a longer period of time will help pivot 
the conversation to the underline drivers of this category and not just on pricing and 
discounting. 
This combined with our digital led initiatives like chips, recommendation engines, 
supported with on-ground activation programs are driving growth in a strong hold 
markets of North and East. Delhi NCR region also recorded strong growth rates in 
Q1 FY24. In the city of Mumbai and Pune, under Suburban, we have launched a 
strong direct-to-consumer program supported by Thematic above-the-line campaign. 
Second strategic initiative revolves around our portfolio. Our bundled test portfolio 
Swasthfit continues to perform well and I am happy to share with you that we have 
registered the highest ever quarterly revenue from Swasthfit of Rs. 112 crore in this 
quarter with a contribution of 22% to the total revenue ex-Suburban. 
Our Super Specialty business continues to do well with strong growth rates 
supported by new initiatives. We are also creating variants of common tests like Lipid 
Profile and making it medically more relevant to patient sub-segments like diabetics 
and heart related ailments. Higher Delhi NCR contribution and above average growth 
rate in Swasthfit and Super Specialty coupled with reinvigorating our routine portfolio 
have positively contributed to revenue per patient and margin profile for the quarter. 
Number three, strategic initiative revolves around geographical expansions. As 
stated in our previous call’s strategic expansions in Tier-III and Tier-IV cities of the 
country continues as per plan. In addition to the three labs, we opened new labs in 
the preceding quarter at Siwan, Sultanpur, and Murshidabad, we have commenced 
operations at four of our Greenfield labs in Jind in Haryana, Una in Himachal 
Pradesh, Tamluk, and Hooghly in West Bengal. These continue the right set of 
building blocks coupled with the Pan India presence and the digital infrastructure that 
will help us deliver industry-leading growth rates for a long period of time. 
With that, I would like to invite Ved to take you all through the financial performance. 
Over to you, Ved. 
Ved P. Goel: 
Hello everyone and thank you for joining this call. I trust each of you and your family 
are safe and healthy. 
Key Financial Highlight for the Quarter 
Our non-COVID revenue for Q1 FY24 came in at Rs. 528 crore versus Rs. 482 crore 
last year same quarter, a growth of 9.7%. Total revenue for Q1 FY24 came in at Rs. 
541 crore against Rs. 503 crore last year same quarter, a growth of 7.6%. 

 
Page 5 of 15: 
 
Revenue realization per patient for Q1 FY24 is Rs. 789 as against Rs. 727 last year 
same quarter, an increase of 8.6% led by price increase, test mix and higher 
contribution of Swasthfit. 
Normalized EBITDA after eliminating the impact of RSU and CSR for Q1 FY24 came 
in at Rs. 154 crore as compared to Rs. 125 crore in Q1 FY23. Normalized EBITDA 
margin for Q1 FY24 is 28.4%. 
PBT for Q1 FY24 came in at Rs. 117 crore versus Rs. 81 crore in last year same 
quarter. PBT margin is 21.7% for Q1 FY24. PAT for Q1 FY24 came in at Rs. 84 crore 
versus Rs. 58 crore in Q1 FY23. The PAT margin is at 15.4% for Q1 FY24. Cash 
and cash equivalent as on June 30th is Rs. 877 crore, net of borrowing it is Rs. 731 
crore. 
I am pleased to share that our continuous efforts towards optimizing material costs 
and improving operational efficiency has enabled us to invest more into A&P & 
Technology. 
At last, we are pleased to share with you that the Board of Directors of the Company 
have approved an interim dividend of Rs. 6 per equity share.  
This brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks and now I would request 
the moderator to open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Firstly just your thoughts Dr. Om on the quarter, 10% revenue growth I think both 
YoY and four-year CAGR look similar. So, what went well and what did not versus 
what you expected? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, let me first talk about what did not do well rather than what we did well, what did 
well. One is I think we would have loved to see a slightly higher volume growth, that’s 
something we felt short. But I think what did well on the number of samples growth 
or test growth, because test per patient has gone up very sharply.  
Second is contribution from Swasthfit continues to do well and I think this is a very 
strategic sort of initiative from our side, we believe that trust is very important in 
diagnostics and more and more people do health checkups and as healthcare 
awareness goes up, this segment will continue to show growth and that’s a very big 
positive sign. I think COVID part in any case was declining and we are happy that 
it’s almost going away. Life becomes simple to analyze the trend so that I think is a 
positive part. 
On the financial side I am sure you would have seen that our margins are much 
better than what we expected. So, I think these are all your takeaways as far as 
results are concerned. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it, yes because I was thinking 10%, I thought we should do better in Q1, not 
because it was a very strong season for us but just purely because Q-o-Q we were 
seeing improvements into non-COVID so it looks like last quarter versus this quarter 
there has hardly been any improvement on non-COVID that’s what it feels like, is 
that correct understanding. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I personally think I have repeatedly been saying that these are gradual 
improvements that happen in our space. So, certainly, overnight jump one should 

 
Page 6 of 15: 
 
not expect. But I think the good news is trajectory is moving upward because there 
was a time when we were a little concerned about hyper-competition and whether 
we can sustain this growth, but I think overall now signs are very positive as we go 
forward. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And secondly on the operating expenditure, looks like that’s not grown in proportion 
to business growth which is good news and hence margins are up. I also understand 
that generally the first half of Dr. Lal has higher margins and then through the year it 
comes down second half. But any specific efforts you would like to highlight on cost 
savings with some details? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes, so Rahul there are two major initiatives one is on the material cost side which 
obviously there is an impact of mix and portfolio change. And second is obviously 
we are looking at how to optimize this cost because this is the biggest cost in our 
P&L. So, this helped us in this quarter. And the second is last year in the same 
quarter we had some provision against debtors which is not there in this quarter. So, 
that is another reason.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
What was the quantum for that provision? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
It was about Rs. 5 crore, this was the BMC provision we had made against recovery 
for Suburban. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And lastly on Suburban, how did that do during the quarter, some color on whatever 
you could share net of IndAS revenue, patient volumes, our revenue per patient, and 
overall business, you are expanding into South Bombay, what’s really happening on 
Suburban? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think Suburban what we are doing now is seeing what kind of synergies we can 
draw between the two companies and two brands. So, we are looking very carefully 
at some synergies that can come out of the lab infrastructure that exists between the 
two companies. So, I think that’s the update we have.  
Secondly in terms of marketing activities, we are looking more aggressive than 
before in Mumbai. We are trying to see how we can improve our B2C contribution in 
Mumbai market. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Any topline number and volume number you could share please. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, I think right now I would say volume growth is slightly muted there, but we will 
probably share as we go along. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aneesh Deora from Nomura 
Financial Advisory and Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aneesh Deora: 
Firstly, on the margin, so it was 27% for this quarter, the EBITDA margin which is 
higher than the full year guidance of 25%. So, does this guidance level still hold and 
how should we think about margins for the coming quarters? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, this is Ved, again as Rahul mentioned previously, generally we have first half 
where margins are higher than second half, so we must wait, but we are holding that 
statement that we should maintain our pre-COVID margins going forward. 
Aneesh Deora: 
And what is the reason for the margins being higher in the first half of the year for 
Dr. Lal? 

 
Page 7 of 15: 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, the first half usually our revenue if you look at the trends historically, they are 
always higher. And we have also seen the mix of tests also drifted more toward 
certain kind of tests where gross margins are higher. 
Aneesh Deora: 
And secondly, we have implemented the price increases which is being adequately 
reflected in the revenues per patient which have inched up quarter-on-quarter, but 
when we look at the revenue per test, that has largely remained flat. So, how do you 
think about this and what are the dynamics around it, like one would ideally expect 
that the revenue per test would also inch up proportionately, but that has not 
happened so any thoughts around this. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: So, revenue per patient sequentially there was a positive impact of about 1.2% led 
by price flow. Revenue per test is a mix of multiple things I am not sure how I should 
respond, but give me some time if it comes up later in the queue I will 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I will probably add to this. See the revenue per test will continue to be lower because 
as a contribution of Swasthfit keeps moving up, because Swasthfit has lot of tests in 
it you will always see that situation, but I think we have to look at economics from an 
overall standpoint because we don’t mind revenue of Swasthfit going up because 
the marginal cost on additional test is very low. But we can pass on that benefit 
through bundle packages to the patient, in that case, you will always see not only for 
us I think the industry itself is seeing that the revenue per test is going down, but 
revenue per patient is going up. 
Aneesh Deora:: 
And just a clarification you mentioned that four-year CAGR for the organic business 
was 7%, right if I got that correctly, just want to clarify. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes, there was patient growth. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, volume we were talking about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanmay Gandhi from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
My question is again on the operating expenses so if we look at the sequential 
growth, so revenues have grown by almost 10%, but still our other expenditures have 
degrown by 5%. So, is there any one-off in the last quarter base or is there any 
postponement of expenses which is there in this quarter. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
No, so Tanmay as I mentioned there was one provision, we took in the last year that 
was the only one item. And there is no postponement of the expenses in this quarter. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Last year you mean Q4 FY23? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda:  Q1 of last year. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
No, I am talking about sequentially, so even sequentially it has declined by 5%. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Sequentially also. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
So, provision was there in Q1 as well as Q4, is that right? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes in Q4. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
And can you share margins for Suburban, have they also improved? 

 
Page 8 of 15: 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Margin for Suburban also has improved, if you do just non-COVID versus non-
COVID, right Yes margins have improved there also. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Can you share the numbers? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think the range is between about 11% to 13%, exact numbers we don’t have, but 
it’s in that range about 11% to 13%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mehul Sheth: 
First question is around the gross margin so does your gross margin also had some 
benefit of that price increase that you have taken in few of your tests? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda:  Yes, that’s right, it has. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Can you quantify, mean how much was because of that price increase? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
It is about 3% which is for the full year. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, so what we are seeing is that there is a 3% upside to the revenue due to price 
increase. So, whatever benefit goes down to gross margin one can calculate that. 
Mehul Sheth: 
And one more question on your expansion side so do you have any near-term target 
which you are focusing more on the West and the South now to expanding collection 
centers there. So, do you have any near-term target, how much center you want to 
add? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think our near-term target for the West region is how do we create synergy 
between Dr. Lal PathLabs network as well as Suburban network. So, currently we 
are looking at, we have mapped the lab locations for both companies and identifying 
gap areas so we will gradually fill these gaps. On an overall company basis usually, 
we put about 10 to 15 labs so that effort will continue on the organic side. And we 
will continue to look at white spaces for our collection centers. So, in general, 
normally we have seen about 10% odd of infrastructure growth that happens in our 
system. So, that really turns out to be about 20-odd labs every year. 
Mehul Sheth: 
And just a last question to Ved, can you give break up the Suburban sales number 
at least, how were total sales, COVID and non-COVID sales breakup if you have 
them handy? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, Suburban revenue is Rs. 37 crore this quarter. And largely it is a non-COVID, 
very small portion was COVID. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Of which about Rs. 36 crore is non-COVID, Rs. 1 crore is COVID. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Thomas Carvalho from 
JM Financial Institutional Securities. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Dr. Om you mentioned certain disappointments that you were experiencing largely 
on the volume side, could you elaborate more on that statement. I mean is it 
something to do geography wise or is it a certain segment of the business that you 
were expecting to be better? 

 
Page 9 of 15: 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: See the thing is if you look at the patients that we report, technically they are not 
unique patients, these are all patient visits. So, that’s how historically we have been 
tracking this number. And we have always had a challenge of tracking unique 
patients because patients in our system come from various channels. They come 
through walk-ins, they come through collection centers, they also come through pick-
up points, it’s very difficult to have one identifier, a patient ID and then we have so 
many unique patients. 
But what we are finding is that patient visits probably have been less this quarter. 
And it led us to ask many questions in our mind, one was we took a price increase, 
is that impacting it. We did this analysis for those tests where we had taken a price 
increase, we didn’t find any variation between though that portfolio which has been 
experiencing price increase versus the other one where we have not taken price 
increase. In fact, the growth rate for both sides is the same. So, that means we have 
ruled out that price increase has impacted it. 
We also saw whether the competition is impacting it, we did this Tier wise analysis 
we again found that it’s probably uniformly across this thing. We also found that we 
are not very sure it’s a hypothesis whether because the bundle packages are going 
up, whether it’s impacting the patient visits frequency, we still don’t know that. I think 
the strong sort of reason that we can find out is that last year I think non-COVID 
numbers are also impacted by COVID itself which is very difficult to identify for us. 
And the base of last year is much higher if you have that number with you, close to 
6.  
Bharath Uppiliappan: 25% of the patients are in Q1. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, in Q1, so I think right now probably the only analysis that we have is the last 
year base is much higher that probably has impacted this volume growth. We will 
have to wait and see for this quarter and maybe two quarters later. We are very 
hopeful on an annualized basis we will see a smart recovery on the volume side, I 
think that’s the only thing I can probably say right now. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Dr. Om I said what will drive this volume recovery for us, what are the efforts we are 
investing in which gives you the confidence that we will be able report higher 
volumes? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: So, like we talked about in the opening speech I think we are very focused on new 
customer acquisition programs, it can either be a physical hunting program or even 
a digital acquisition program. So, that is really what we are looking at as one stage.  
Second is around the whole infrastructure expansion program. So, we announced 
new labs, we are putting up collection centers in the regular space and we can 
accelerate that whole area. So, that is going to be a second lever of getting new 
customers in. And third is obviously improving our customer service levels as we 
move forward as well. So, that’s taken as increases and visit frequency increases 
and recommendation by doctors also increase. And the Super Specialty portfolio 
also will continue to make more inroads in acquiring new patients propagating those 
tests. So, I think within these four levers which we have, we should be able to see a 
smart recovery like what Dr. Om mentioned in the full year term. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And one last question in terms of the cost if we look at the cost base, I think like all 
the participants are asking how we make the investments but somehow the cost 
base has remained steady, so how should we look at it? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think structurally the P&L shape is changing in two to three aspects, one is if you 
plot data of the last sort of 10 to 12 quarters, our rental cost is directionally going 

 
Page 10 of 15: 
 
down. And one of the reasons for that is a lot of business is shifting to collection 
center network. People are not coming to as walk-ins but rather they are going to 
nearby collection center, so that’s one change that we are observing. 
Second is we are seeing a very volatility in the mix change. I think one of the reasons 
probably last year our reagents cost was high because COVID testing was very high 
and that led to higher reagents cost, that receipts we are probably going back to the 
lower sort of the consumption cost. So, that second change that I am observing. 
Going forward you should see two heads going up #1 A&P and we are constantly 
going to increase this number, gradually I think as we get lot of confidence on margin 
recovery as we have seen in this quarter, we will try and plough back a lot of money 
back into the sort of A&P. The second area is IT cost, we have seen a sharp increase 
in the last three to four quarters and we will reassess the requirement, if required we 
will invest more in IT infra as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashita Jain from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashita Jain: 
My question is more on the industry side, if I look at the price hikes that you have 
taken and several of your peers have also taken in semi-specialized and high-end 
kind of test. Will it be possible for us to take price hikes going forward in line with the 
inflation at least in these high-end tests, what is your take on that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think at a macro level I can only say that there is a bit of a rebalancing, this is 
going to happen on pricing. Traditionally my experience has been on high-end tests 
that were actually cross-subsidized by routine tests in the past. As the competitive 
intensity in the routine is increasing, so I think some of these high-end prices will get 
automatically corrected because while sometimes the realization per patient high-
end is higher, gross margins are not as high as they are in the routine tests. 
I think first my sense is this industry is going to experience a lot of rebalancing of 
pricing. And another thing one must realize that the human component on high-end 
test is much higher, routine tests are highly automated, machine driven, that’s why 
you see a lot of competitive intensity on routine, you don’t see that much on high-
end. How we can do it, yes, this is our first attempt in February this year; we will 
gradually sort of wait and watch and see how we go forward, but I think one should 
be able to correct it on a period basis. 
Aashita Jain: 
My second was on the industry growth in general so recently in one of the CRISIL 
reports they have pegged the diagnostic industry growth at about 5% to 7% for the 
next five years. And this number was around 10% last year. So, just wanted to know 
your thoughts on this, how do you see industry growth panning out for say next three 
to four years? And where organized players like you stand in that? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I haven’t seen this report, but I would be surprised if the industry growth rate falls to 
this level, because to my mind Tier-II and Tier-III markets are just opening up from a 
diagnostic perspective and penetration of diagnostics in this industry on a sort of 
qualitative basis I can say it’s pretty low. So, I would be surprised if this number is 
true, but I will look up to this report and see what it is. This has come out recently. 
Aashita Jain: 
So, in one of the annual reports of the healthcare major, I think they have reported 
this number 5% to 7% diagnostic drop. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: And there is a reference to the CRISIL report, is it? 

 
Page 11 of 15: 
 
Aashita Jain: 
Yes, so checked with the Company it was from CRISIL that is what I understand. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Well, my own personal view is I think it’s quite a low ball, I don’t think so. While it 
may not be still as high as it used to be in the past, I think this to me looks low. 
Aashita Jain: 
And just lastly on the volume side I mean there are a lot of questions from that, if I 
look at your non-COVID sample growth it’s somewhere around 6%, which is still 
lower than what you have been guiding around 8% to 9% and again lower than what 
the pre-COVID level. So, what is the trend that you are seeing on the volume side, 
are the volumes picking up gradually? How should we see this going forward? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Actually, volume growth number that we have been talking about is, these are patient 
visits. And sometimes there is a spike also that happens in volumes, because as we 
enter into high sort of vector borne diseases like malaria, chikungunya or dengue 
etc. one patient actually visits multiple times during fever season. And certainly when 
you have a non-season, these visits tend to drop also very sharply. 
So, I would wait and watch, I wouldn’t get perturbed by these numbers, but I do 
believe that there should be gradual jump in these volumes. And one of the analysis 
that we have done is sequentially how it has done, I think that it has done better, 
right, from a Q4 to Q1 about there is a jump of 8% in volume and on an CAGR basis 
for the last three or four years, it’s about 6.5%. 
I think it’s just that Q1 of this year versus Q1 these numbers look very low. So, I will 
probably hold on to this, but I think as I made an opening comment, I think it’s lower 
than what we expected, so we will have to wait and watch for 2024. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just want to understand on the EBITDA side of it, I mean is this number a more 
sustainable number and can we assume a more sustainable number going forward 
on the EBITDA side of it? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, as I mentioned earlier somebody else has also asked this question, so this is 
normally first half and we have higher margins, but full year I don’t think this kind of 
margins we are guiding. What we are saying is at least we are confident that we can 
maintain our pre-COVID level margins for the full year. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
On the tax rate side, what would be a blended tax rate for FY2024, I mean are we 
shifting to something like 25%? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes, we don’t have any advantage, I mean normal tax rate is 25% which is applicable 
to us. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
No, like we have paid around 29% if I am not wrong for the quarter, right? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
That was mainly because of the notional depreciation you have seen, but if you see 
the standalone, it is about 25%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Bonanza 
Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
So, firstly my question is with respect to Swasthfit, over the long term what kind of 
proportion of the total revenue do we target for the 22%, how much of the total 
blended share could be contributed by Swasthfit? 

 
Page 12 of 15: 
 
Bharath Uppiliappan: So, there can be multiple applications for Swasthfit from a what we call a bundled 
test offering portfolio. We can create bundles for many other disease conditions, we 
can get faster diagnosis out. So, I think, one way to look at it it’s a great thing we will 
grow this portfolio only.  
Second is that say we will vary this and hence try to grow variated portfolio. So, yes, 
the future looks very bright, I don’t want to put a number but between 20% to 25% in 
the near term should be reasonably possible as per our estimate. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
So, we are also looking to create other bundled tests so that those also contribute 
towards the growth, that would be the right thinking? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, let’s look at from the market perspective there is a need to create this bundling. 
I think bundling has also become much more affordable now. And doctors are also 
suggesting LFT/ KFT together which they were earlier prescribing separately, 
patients also want to do it together. In fact, I have seen request coming even for high-
end test bundling as well and see whether they can diagnose this early. 
One which I keep saying the core problem our industry solves are two, first one is 
we must diagnose it accurately and second, we must diagnose it early. I think 
accuracy wise the industry has done great job; quality labs have come up. This early 
piece is being driven by multiple factors it could be genetic testing, it could be 
bundling, because you can do the entire testing in one go and diagnose it early. And 
I think patients in both the medical fraternity and patients are seeing great value in 
this because bundling is much cheaper than ordering individual tests. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
And lastly just a clarification, in the previous question when you were mentioning the 
Tier-II and Tier-III growth, I was not able to hear so what was the growth number 
what you were expecting from this Tier-II and Tier-III? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I was responding to someone mentioned about industry is going to grow only 
about 5% to 7% my thing was that I haven’t seen the report myself, but my own gut 
says that it is too low, while one should not see quarterly numbers, but over a long 
period of time this whole Tier-II and Tier-III market is yet to open up.  
Omkar Kamtekar: 
So, what would be the number if you could just have rough estimate? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Very early to put that thing, because the only way I can look at it is that you and I see 
the same numbers, 1.4 billion people and if you draw a pyramid I think most of this 
industry is still lying in top end of the market which is metros and mini-metros but it 
is still to go down, especially from organized industry point of view, while unorganized 
sector may still be existing in Tier-II and Tier-III towns, but I think organized industry 
still has to make lot of influence in these markets. So, it is more a qualitative comment 
well I don’t have any number to which I can. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
And lastly, so there is one problem you generally face in Tier-II and Tier-III or lower 
cities that generally patients would only try to go to a diagnostic center where the 
doctor has recommended. So, you may go to a specific lab or a specific technician 
to get their report. So, how will this be overcome? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, I fully agree with you, there is a challenge. And I think 20 years back that was 
challenging even in cities as well. So, I think as gradually more brand awareness 
picks up, affordability goes up, and people would be willing to pay a brand premium 
for this as the overall cost component goes down, OPD prices go up. So, I think 
some of these practices would tend to go away, and then branded players will be 

 
Page 13 of 15: 
 
able to succeed, that’s probably I can, I think it will happen, but you are right there 
are challenges, this market is not there just for us to grab, just like that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
One question Dr. Om was how we analyze retail businesses, we look at same store 
sales growth, I was just trying to apply that to diagnostics. So, let’s say you had a 
franchisee network of 3,000 roughly at the end of March 2020 so will it be fair to say 
that that network is still growing on revenue or most of the topline growth which we 
are seeing is coming from the new networks which was added over the last three 
years, any analysis there please? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: It’s growing across, in fact you will be surprised our Delhi NCR has shown better 
growth while Delhi NCR has the same store, because there is hardly any scope to 
grow further outlets. So, technically if I look at this geography in the same store as a 
concept it is still showing growth. So, I think it is across, the profile of growth may be 
different in these markets. The same store growth may be coming more because 
people are shifting to bundling, people are shifting more preventively while it may be 
less in other markets, but there is growth happening in both the sectors. 
Rahul Jain: 
I will move on to the second question, it was on cash flow. My sense is our cash 
profit for the quarter was about Rs. 120 crore as I understand the gross cash you 
have reported is Rs. 877 and the debt on the books is about Rs. 146 crore. If I do a 
math net cash is about Rs. 730 so it looks like there is hardly any CAPEX done in 
the quarter, is that understanding correct? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Yes, you are right. 
Rahul Jain: 
And lastly Delhi NCR you were saying that has improved and the growth is better, 
what’s the revenue share here for the quarter? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, it’s about 32% overall. 
Rahul Jain: 
Including Suburban right? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Yes, all put together it is consolidated one figure, so we are not going to talk about 
non-COVID separately, one number all companies as one. All put together 32% is 
from Delhi NCR. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Vora from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Vora: 
My first question is on broadly, so you highlighted that from the competitive intensity 
point of view the market has kind of stabilized. But is the competitive intensity back 
to pre-COVID levels or it’s still high. And from where is it coming from? Is it still the 
online players or you are also seeing it from the hospital players? 
Also, in addition to that, in the Delhi NCR region you mentioned kind of a higher 
growth, but do we think that now that we have reached a sizable scale in this region, 
going back to pre-COVID volume growths would be difficult? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Let me first answer competition from before COVID and post-COVID whether 
competitive intensity is same or it has gone up, answer yes, it has gone up. So, but 
definitely it has come down from the recent past, but it has settled down at a much 
higher level. So, I would say it is a new normal that has settled down. Now where is 

 
Page 14 of 15: 
 
it coming from, it came from three sides one was of course this new age players, 
private equity funded, second was hospitals and third was some of the pharma 
companies. 
So, I think as the new normal is settling down I would put hospitals as number 1 sort 
of a competitive threat to industry or rather which can change the whole construct. 
So, I think hospitals are getting more aggressive. Can they be Pan India, I have my 
sort of a doubt on that, but obviously in regional or city level, they have brand equity, 
and they are trying to leverage that which is what has changed. 
The second question I think you had was on Delhi NCR growth -- so Delhi NCR 
growth though it has gone up, but I don’t think it’s sustainable what you we have 
seen in Q1 but Delhi NCR being a very sort of a high market share, market for us, 
so I don’t see this growth would be in line with our overall blended growth for the 
portfolio. So, I think growth contribution from Delhi NCR will be lower than the rest of 
India as we go forward while a slightly better growth that we have seen in this quarter 
it will just be an exception. 
Karan Vora: 
Another question on Suburban, so you mentioned in the call previously as to you are 
in the Phase II of the integration journey, so just if you can throw a bit more color on 
how many phases do you plan to completely integrate Suburban into and what is the 
timeline for that, like will it take a year or maybe more than that? And by when can 
you expect the margins to cross 20% levels? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: When we acquired about a year and a half back that time our focus was to build 
Suburban as a separate company, as a separate team and separate unit. And we 
tried to do that. We have put out certain growth figures, unfortunately we didn’t see 
those numbers coming in. So, essentially the idea was can we just drive topline and 
not worry about rest of the stuff, but then slowly we realized as the COVID receded 
we suddenly found the margins came down very sharply than what we had seen 
during COVID time. 
And the growth rate was definitely not as high as what we expected, then we quickly 
have changed our gear saying that not only does this asset has to give us revenue 
synergy, but it also we have to look at cost synergies as well. And when the cost 
synergy started falling in place then we looked at two phases, Phase I was Can we 
look at our corporate cost of Dr. Lal PathLabs, can that structure provide some 
overriding support to this asset like Finance, HR, Marketing, IT etc. so that was 
Phase I. 
And Phase II is when we went down to operations, we found that if we look at 
rationalizing our lab infra we can derive some synergies out of this, so currently we 
are in that phase. I think the last phase would be when you bring front-end synergies 
as well like the sales team becoming one and things like that which to my mind will 
happen as we go along, but right now Phase I and Phase II is the focus. 
Karan Vora: 
And any guidance on the timeline for all of this to happen? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I would play it by the year and see how our integration happens, because the 
integration of lab ops is not that simple, because both the companies operate on 
different lab installation systems, different bar-coding system. So, I would not put any 
timeline right, but I would want to get it right the first time, slow and steady. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 15: 
 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
I came in late so my apologies, but the way I am looking at the result is that non-
COVID revenue grew 10% and the patient count is flat 7 million to 7 million. So, 
everything is coming from realization increase, now there is price increase and there 
is mix impact, so can you break this 10% non-COVID increase in realization into 
price increase that you have taken on like-to-like and mix? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think we have spoken enough on this maybe you were not there when we talked 
about this, but just to give a split of 10%, 3% is on account of price increase, balance 
is on account of mix. And if you take out COVID volume then the growth rate is about 
2.5% on volume. Volume is if you take away COVID numbers out of that, but since 
you asked about non-COVID 10% break up right. 
Dheeresh Pathak:: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, non-COVID, whatever the number is to 3% is on account of price, balance is 
about 2.5% on volume and balance is the mix. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Bonanza 
Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
So, my question is with respect to what will be the next geography for expansion that 
we are looking for, one? And secondly the cash that is in the books of Rs. 877 crore, 
will that be used for any inorganic expansion over the next one or two years? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I couldn’t hear your first question, but I did hear your second one, the cash on the 
books yes, I think the primary objective is to utilize it for growth, both organic and 
inorganic. Since our business organically does not require too much capital, we will 
primarily use this for inorganic and we are still digesting our last acquisition that we 
did in Mumbai. So, as this stabilizes as the new opportunity comes up, we will always 
be open to look at inorganic opportunities. The first question I am sorry, I couldn’t 
hear that, you were asking something about Tier II or Tier-III. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Which are the regions are we looking to expand in the Western region further or we 
are going for South region, on the national front which region are we next focusing 
on for expansion? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: South and West so there is no doubt, I think every call that we talk about South and 
West are gap areas for us, we will try and grow in these areas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you everyone for being with us on this call today. I hope we were able to 
address your questions.  
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
