            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office : Plot No-18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel. : +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail : devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website : www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
[[  
             __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-I, New Delhi-110020 (India) Tel. : +91 11 41706720-725 
   Devyani International (Nigeria) Pvt. Ltd. • Devyani International (Nepal) Pvt. Ltd. • Devyani Food Street Pvt. Ltd.  
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts 
Conference Call held on May 17, 2023, post declaration of Audited Financial Results of the Company for 
the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2023, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj 
Virmani 
Date: 2023.05.24 18:43:53 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 17, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Devyani International Earnings 
Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India.  
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Non- Executive Chairman of the Company; Mr. 
Raj Gandhi – Non-Executive Director; Mr. Virag Joshi – CEO & Whole-Time Director; 
Mr. Manish Dawar – CFO & Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Rahul Shinde – CEO, 
Yum! Brands and Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon everyone. I warmly welcome you all to our Earnings Conference Call 
to discuss the business performance for the 4th Quarter and the Year Ended March 
31st, 2023. 
In our first full year of performance post listing, DIL demonstrated strong growth 
momentum and we have crossed some very significant milestones. Our consolidated 
revenues have reached close to Rs. 3,000 crore backed by store additions across 
brands and continued healthy performance from existing stores. We now operate 
1,243 stores across our portfolio of countries and brands. We have managed to more 
than double our store count over the last 3 years. Despite this being a largely 
pandemic impacted period, both KFC and Pizza Hut crossed important store 
milestones of 500 stores each, and Costa Coffee has crossed 100 stores as of March 
31st, 2023. 
This phenomenal growth performance by DIL India was acknowledged and 
facilitated by Yum! at the International Franchise Conference held in Singapore. 
Earlier this year, where DIL India was awarded the Explosive Restaurant Growth 
Award. Innovative product development through our Yum! partnership along with 
execution rigor has been a major factor in helping us grow. 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
As we continue to expand our footprint across the breadth of the country, we believe 
our foray into the value offerings should lead to long-term benefits. The launch of 
KFC Lunch and Rolls that provide great value to our esteemed customers have seen 
a strong initial traction. Premium products like the Chizza and the Peri-Peri chicken 
at KFC were equally well received. 
In Pizza Hut, we have seen enthusiastic response to the “Flavour Fun” range, our 
“Value Layer”. We have also recently launched a refresh of the PH menu consisting 
of 10 new pizzas and new sides which is being welcomed by our patrons. 
High inflation across industries and categories led to a short-term impact on 
consumer sentiment and demand in the second half of the current financial year. 
Despite this, our performance has been resilient and we have continued to invest in 
the business to ensure long-term growth. 
’I am pleased to share that we opened 305 net new stores across our portfolio in 
FY23 with 66 net new stores getting added in Q4FY23 itself. 
We continue to actively pursue new trade areas in metro cities and upcoming 
locations. This will help us take our brand closer to our customers and give them 
better experience. Thus, solidifying our presence in the domestic markets. 
Looking ahead, the confidence in our brands and the Indian market remains strong, 
we are seeing initial signs of inflation stabilizing, this gives us hope that a rebound in 
consumer spending in second half of the coming fiscal. By maintaining financial 
discipline and operational excellence, we are well-positioned to emerge stronger and 
capture growth opportunities in the future. We remain firmly committed to our 
objective of creating sustainable long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now hand over to Manish for his 
comments. Thank you. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A warm welcome and thanks to 
all of you for your valuable time for attending our Quarter 4 and FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call, our 7th such calls since the listing of DIL back in August 2021. 
We closed the year with 1,243 restaurants, more than double the 610 restaurants 
that we had 3 years ago. In FY23, we opened 305 new stores across our brand 
portfolio with 66 of these coming in Quarter 4. With this globally we now have 543 
stores for KFC, 510 stores for Pizza Hut and 112 stores for Costa Coffee in our 
portfolio as at the end of FY23. 
Our metro and non-metro distribution of stores in India continue to shift in favor of 
non-metro destinations with 53% of the core brand stores in India now in non-metro 
locations. The potential for QSR sector lies in Bharat, while Metros currently account 
for a significant share of consumer spending, we firmly believe that the upcoming 
towns will be the engine of growth in the coming decade. This will really help QSR in 
gaining real momentum in the country and playing to its potential of being a mass-
market player. 
Operating revenue for FY23 stood at Rs. 2,998 crore, representing a 44% year-on-
year increase. This was supported by a 33% increase in store footprint. All round 
inflation and input cost led to slightly lower gross margins at 70% versus 71.2% in 
the previous year. Despite the combination of changes in product mix and 
investments made in our businesses, brand contribution margins moved in line with 
the gross margins but stayed at a healthy 18.7%. 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Judicious cost control limited the impact on operating EBITDA, which on a pre-IndAS 
basis was Rs. 435 crore versus Rs. 299 crore for the full year last year. The operating 
EBITDA margin at 14.5% was 10 basis points up on a year-on-year basis. Reported 
EBITDA, which is post-IndAS was Rs. 655 crore for the year with margins at 21.9% 
versus Rs. 476 crore a year ago, almost a 38% growth. 
Profit before tax stood at Rs. 242 crore versus Rs. 123 crore last year, which is 
almost a 97% jump on a year-on-year basis. For the quarter, operating revenues 
stood at Rs. 755 crore, growing 28% on a year-on-year basis. Gross margins came 
in at 69.6% due to stable cost during the quarter. Brand contribution at Rs. 124 crore 
and margins at 16.4% were lower due to deleverage and the higher store operating 
costs. These include the recognition of the full year statutory bonus and higher 
spending on local store promotions in the second half to drive the consumer 
sentiment in our favor across all our brands. Operating EBITDA was Rs. 91 crore 
representing a 12.1% margin. 
Coming to our core brands, KFC in India added 126 net new stores in FY23, reaching 
a total count of 490 stores as at the end of the year. Average daily sales for FY23 
was 117,000 versus 113,000 for the previous year on an expanded footprint of 
stores. Annual SSSG was healthy at 16%. KFC India revenue was Rs. 1,771 crore 
which grew 45% on a year-on-year basis. Gross margins at 68.3%, lower by 100 
basis points compared to the previous year due to sustained inflation in raw chicken 
prices and some of the other raw materials. This has impacted the brand contribution 
margins, which at 20.2% are slightly lower on a year-on-year basis. On-premises 
consumption remains steady at 62% during the current year. For the quarter, KFC 
India added 29 net new stores, revenue at Rs. 444 crore are higher by 26% on a 
year-on-year basis. The sequential impact is due to weak consumer demand as a 
result of the shift in the timings of key festivals and the fewer number of operating 
days in the quarter. ADS came in at 106,000 with SSSG at 1.9%. Gross margins for 
the quarters to 68.6% deleverage due to lower ADS and the higher store operating 
costs led to brand contribution margin of 17.5% in the quarter. 
Pizza Hut in India added 93 net new stores this year to surpass the 500-store mark, 
as pointed out by Mr. Jaipuria earlier, and it reached a count of 506 stores. ADS for 
the year was 42000, revenues came in at Rs. 700 crore, growing 32% YoY and 
SSSG was 4.4% for the year. Cheese prices continue to trend higher. As a result of 
this and the product mix changes, gross margins came in at slightly lower at 74.4% 
in FY23 versus 75.6% during the previous year. Brand contribution margin saw a 
small dip to 14.5% versus 16.3% last year because we saw that the milk prices 
continue to escalate during the year and we did not pass that on by way of price 
increase during the backend of the year. Product mix changes because of 
introduction of “Value Layer” and investments in the brand helped with the on-
premises consumption, keeping it steady at 42%. During the quarter, Pizza Hut India 
added 23 net new stores revenue was at Rs. 170 crore which was 16% up year-on-
year. ADS was marginally over at 39,000 with a negative SSSG of (-3.2%). The gross 
margin was steady at 73.3%, brand contribution margin during the during the quarter 
was 9.2%. We believe that the introduction of the “Value Layer” is a good initiative 
to drive organic volume growth in the medium-to-long term, however, in the short-
term it has led to a little dilution in sales and ADS. We are proactively working on 
improving the performance of the brand, including the margins from the “Value 
Layer” brand. One of the recent initiatives have been to refresh the menu and the 
launch of 10 new pizzas recently in the month of April. The new pizza focus on 
contemporary palate and are designed to appeal to the youth. In conjunction with the 
launch of “Your Mood, Your Pizza” campaign, we have also brought gamification to 
the 
whole 
pizza 
ordering 
experience 
by 
offering 
personalized 
pizza 
recommendations based on customer moods. To support all such initiatives, we 
have marginally increased the marketing spends as well. 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Costa Coffee crossed the 100th store milestone in FY23. We have added 57 stores 
during the year to develop our footprint and to reach a total of 112 stores. Revenue 
also crossed Rs. 100 crore mark with ADS for the brand improving to 35,000 versus 
29,000 for the previous year. The gross margin was slightly lower at 79% because 
we saw the inflation in coffee and milk prices in Costa also. Due to investments 
required in the rapid expansion and sustained input inflation, FY23 brand contribution 
was a little lower at 23.6% for the full year. We believe that the input inflation should 
bottom out over the next few quarters and hence we expect consumer sentiment to 
improve. 
The food services market is evolving rapidly with newer technologies and platforms 
like ONDC. While we are still in the early days, we believe that these have the 
potential to benefit all the stakeholders in the industry. We have already onboarded 
Pizza Hut on the ONDC platform and we are working on integrating all of our other 
brands on these new platforms to ensure that we are available wherever our 
customers desire. 
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A few questions. First, Manish on SSSG , what is the outlook as we head into, let’s 
say first half for first quarter this year? I mean the exit has been (-3%) to (+1%). So, 
what are your thoughts, how are you seeing macro on the ground right now. 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, the way we look at it from a SSSG perspective, our medium-to-long term 
outlook on both the main brands has not changed. If you remember, we talked about 
KFC at being 5% to 6% and for Pizza Hut we talked about 7% to 8%. So, we are not 
changing any outlook from a medium-term perspective. But from a quarter-to-quarter 
perspective, there could be volatility. So, therefore, we ’’do not comment on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, but otherwise we are not changing any of the guidance. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
I understand that Manish, but given how the quarter has trended in the second half, 
do you think we are closer to the bottom right now or things, you expect, can get 
worse before start improving in the second half because the lower base starts to 
impact only from the December quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, we believe that we are towards the bottom end of the cycle, because, if you 
see on a macro basis this sector typically follows consumer staples. When there was 
a downside coming, we saw similar trends. We have started seeing some recovery 
in the consumer staples and therefore that gives us confidence that this sector will 
also follow similar trends from a recovery perspective. Second, if you were to look at 
the input price - chicken prices have started to moderate and you will see that in the 
numbers in the next quarter. Oil prices have already tapered off from the peaks they 
were at. Similarly, if you were to look at the flour prices, they are slightly lower. Even 
on the packaging material side, we are seeing that the paper prices have started to 
come off a little bit. The only piece which remains a concern is therefore the milk 
prices and the cheese prices and ’we have all seen the multiple commentaries in 
public domain. So, we are hoping that cheese prices should also start to stabilize in 
about 6 months’ time. Therefore, with this, we do feel that we are towards the bottom 
end of the cycle and things should start to recover from here. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
That’s quite interesting. Manish secondly, any update on how we are thinking about 
FY24 store additions in both the key brands? 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Manish Dawar: 
In the past ’we have talked about 250 to 300 stores. If you look at our FY23 
performance, ’it is close to 305. So, we are maintaining the same for next year as 
well. We will on an overall basis be close to 300 store additions for FY24 as well, 
with a broad split of say ~100 for KFC, (~100) for Pizza Hut and another 60-70 stores 
for Costa and the rest will be some of our smaller brands & International operations. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
Second on gross margins in case of KFC there is 100 basis point expansion quarter-
on-quarter. Is this entirely led by lower chicken price or there has been product price 
hikes as well? 
Manish Dawar: 
In Quarter 4, there was no product price change. Gross margin movement was 
primarily led by the cost of chicken and then there were some benefits from oil and 
all. Even in case of chicken, the full benefit has not flown because we are sitting on 
nventory that will take another couple of months to taper off. But we are seeing that 
all the new contracting, new Purchase Orders (POs) that we are raising is at a lower 
price. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
Hopefully, input prices stay benign or cool-off even further. What are your thoughts 
on product pricing strategy at that point of time because your gross margins still are 
lower than ’let us say where the peaks were, but the consumer sentiments are also 
weak. So, how do you intend to manage the equilibrium in terms of sales versus 
margins? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, see if you look at the product pricing or the consumer pricing, it is not just 
related to the input pricing, there are multiple factors at play. So, as with KFC ’we 
have taken a slight price increase in the month of April, which is just the last month 
and it is to take into account the outlook we have for the year. We also need to 
balance our overall portfolio from a top-line and margins perspective. You would 
have also noticed that in KFC, we introduced a “Value Layer” by way of Rolls and 
KFC Lunch. So, therefore there are a lot of other inputs that go into the pricing 
decision. 5ut just to give you the reassurance, in KFC, if you remember our peak 
margin performance was 69% to 69.5%, we should see that coming back over the 
next few quarters. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
Sure. And just to follow up Manish, isn’t it a bit given how consumer sentiments are 
and I understand, I hear you in terms of we probably closing to the bottom now, but 
do you not think taking a product prices at this point of time can be a bit 
counterproductive? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, we are cognizant of the category and the brand. So, for example, if you were to 
ask me the same question for Pizza Hut, my answer will be different because Pizza 
Hut, despite the fact that the milk and cheese prices continue to go up throughout 
the year, we did not take a price increase during the back quarters and therefore we 
have taken a hit on the margins. Even now ’we have not taken any pricing on Pizza 
Hut. So, therefore pizza as a category is different. KFC is a different category and 
we try and compensate the consumers by way of deals, by way of offerings, by way 
of new “Value Layer” to just compensate from a consumer perspective. 
Vivek maheshwari: 
Perfect. And last question if I may? Manish, you mentioned about ONDC, ’there is a 
fair amount of debate going on everywhere in terms of the promise that ONDC has 
versus the incumbents, the discovery part and so many other aspects. Can you just 
elaborate a bit on your take on this ONDC phenomena? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Vivek, ’we have also seen the same thing as you have and ’that is the reason 
’we have participated in ONDC, ’it is yet to gain traction, yet to gain momentum. So, 
so we are already there. We are working on KFC to come on ONDC, but that is still 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
under evaluation. Pizza Hut is already there. So, we would like to participate if it 
gains traction and ’that is how ’we have started testing waters with Pizza Hut. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My first question is on Costa Coffee. So, basically, if I just compare the size of Costa 
Coffee revenue versus the market leader here, ’it is around 1/10th of the market 
leader and I see a significant growth opportunity and catch up possible here. So, just 
wanted to understand like Starbucks has reached this journey of Rs.1,000+ crore 
over the last decade. What are your ambitions and what are your thoughts on Costa 
as a brand, cafes as a format and looking slightly medium-term what growth 
aspirations and what turnover aspirations do you have from this category. 
Manish Dawar: 
Percy, ’’it is a great category because coffee is a very, very aspirational category 
from a youth perspective. We really activated the brand post-IPO since there were 
some concerns with respect to our agreement post Coke acquisition of Costa, and 
since then we’ve really expanded the brand. So, versus last year, we have more than 
doubled the store count. We were at a 55-store count last year, we are now close to 
112. Our revenues have grown by almost 140% - 150%. So, therefore we are 
absolutely there. We are expanding the brand. The consumer feedback for our coffee 
is very positive. They believe that Costa Coffee taste is excellent. The flavor and the 
aroma is above par so all of those things are positive. We are positive on the brand 
but this will not be a mass play like KFC or Pizza Hut because coffee as a 
phenomenon is right now majorly in the metros and the Tier-1 cities. So, we are 
focused, we want to expand, we want to play in that category which is growing and 
’I have already indicated in my previous response that we are looking at about 60 to 
70 store additions for Costa for the next year and that will also grow as we see the 
response to the brand. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And any light you would like to throw in terms of that Rs. 1000 crore benchmark, how 
many years do you think you can take to go to that level? 
Manish Dawar: 
No, I would not like to comment on that. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Next question on KFC. Although Vivek has asked this I still go a little bit deeper into 
this. ’You have taken close to 3.5% to 4% pricing on KFC in April ’that is what 
Sapphire said and ’I am assuming that that’s Pan India phenomenon. 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, about 3% to 3.5%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right and basically, this is on the back of close to 10% pricing taken in about 12 to 
15 months ago. So, if I look at it on a 15-month basis, the total price increase is close 
to about 13% to 14% and I understand there is a mix effect, etc., it ’does not really 
translate to a 14% but what we’ve seen in categories like pizza and not just recently, 
but even like Jubilant has been listed for 10 years so we have long data history, etc. 
Whenever ’we have seen high price increases in QSR categories, we have seen that 
the price elasticity of demand actually goes greater than (-1). So, what I mean to say 
is that if you have taken a 3% price increase, the number of transactions or volumes 
might fall by more than 3%. This ’does not always happen, but it happens after a 
certain inflection point. So, how do you judge this and are you sort of pushing the 
envelope a little bit? I think ’it is a risky move, especially because the key ingredient, 
which is chicken, is now going into a YoY deflation scenario. So, in this a scenario 
was this really warranted? Are you trying to balance overall Company margins 
because Pizza Hut is not making that so why not earn a little more in KFC? What is 
the thought process behind this price increase? 

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Manish Dawar: 
That is not the objective. We ’do not want to balance the company margins through 
KFC. We are absolutely cognizant and careful on every and each brand of ours and 
we want to make sure that we nurture all these brand in there because as we’ve 
elaborated this in the past that at a brand level we have separate CEOs. There are 
separate teams and they ’do not allow us to take those leverages. So, therefore that 
is not the case but having said that as I responded to Vivek that if the overall portfolio 
call it is not just the chicken prices. So, for example there is labor also, there is flour 
also, there are other overheads, there are store running expenses and at the same 
time on top of that as ’we have launched a “Value Layer” to attract the new 
consumers in and to ensure that the existing consumers also can draw benefit from 
that and therefore, we have to balance out the entire portfolio. So, therefore, if you 
look at for example, the response that we’ve seen to our Rolls and the KFC Lunch is 
phenomenal and we think that could become a very strong leg as we go forward and 
because we have much more granular data available, we think the earlier price 
increase has got absorbed and if you see this recent price increase in April, we’ve 
taken after a gap of 12 months. So, our last pricing was in April of last year, then 
throughout the year there was no pricing for KFC and now, after 12 months, we have 
taken about 3% to 3.5% of pricing so ’that is how it is. Whereas Pizza Hut, if you 
remember it had a different pricing strategy. We took pricing in small bouts and it 
was almost throughout the year. So, therefore ’it is a different strategy dependent on 
the brand and so on and so forth. And you have to balance the portfolio from various 
manifestations. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, basically ’you are saying in spite of this price increase, ’it is not as if the margins 
will go higher than what they used to be a year ago or something like that? 
Manish Dawar: 
No, ’that is the reason I said we will come back to our old margins, but we want to 
expand the category, we want to grow the consumer base, we want to attract the 
new consumers into the into the category and that is what we are trying to play with 
these kind of balances. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And last question from my side, this gap between SSSG and ADS growth. So, SSSG 
growth is 2% for KFC, ADS declined 6%. So, there is an 800-basis points gap 
between these two. Now my understanding is and correct me if I’m wrong, you would 
need approximately flat ADS so that you don’t bear the negative impacts of operating 
deleverage because the cost per store will increase at a particular rate so from that 
point of view, just wanted to understand that to get this flat ADS, what SSSG would 
you require going ahead and in case my basic assumption itself is wrong that to 
avoid deleverage you will need a flat ADS, then correct me on that. 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Percy there is a very strong third element which I think you have missed to 
mention and that is at what pace are you adding the new stores. So, for example, if 
you are expanding say 10% year-on-year in terms of store additions it will be a 
different equation versus let us say if you are adding a 30% store additions it will be 
a different equation versus let us say a brand which is adding 100% there will be a 
completely different equation. So, it depends on how soon you are expanding and 
therefore that variable plays a very important role when we try and balance out the 
ADS and SSSG. 
Percy Panthaki: 
For that variable you already know what your expansion plans are for FY 24-25, so 
put those actual numbers and maybe on those basis you can sort of answer the 
question? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, we can work that out and connect offline. So, if it is not a problem we can do 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama.  

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Manish you made a comment about the value layer in Pizza Hut mainly the Flavour 
Fun range as I assume, is there a case where you believe that I know you mentioned 
that longer term it will get more customers into the fold, but was there a case that ex- 
of this launch maybe the ADS or the SSSG of Pizza Hut would have been 
significantly different? 
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal we can get to various hypothesis, but the point is, for example, let us say when 
you want to draw a newer category of consumers in it takes a much longer time 
period to be able to protect your existing consumers and get the new category of 
consumers in. Now when we launched the “Flavour Fun” Pizza category that was 
the time we saw hyperinflation also and therefore while the newer consumers took 
time our existing consumers started down trading and rather than lapsing out of the 
brand or lapsing out of the category. So, therefore from that point of view it has been 
a good initiative that we have been able to protect our existing consumer set and this 
will help us in the long term. Now, obviously we can all argue that, for example, if let 
us say this was not there the numbers would have been different and again I mean 
there is no because that was not the case and now for example the new innovation 
that we have launched from a menu refresh perspective is going to help us and 
compensate. We are going to mass media as far as the new range is concerned that 
is at the top end of the category. We are taking initiatives from a gamification 
perspective because that draws the youth in. So, therefore we are balancing the 
portfolio again from both sides. So, therefore that initiative is taken. We have already 
launched this in April so it has already started. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
There was a related question that if I look at the intensity of launches in Pizza Hut it 
is being significantly higher than a lot of other brands including a KFC but say if you 
look at within your own brands the performance of PH has been lacking. So, is this 
a category issue in pizza’s you think because I know the price hikes have been lower 
in PH, so what do you think is the reason may be the SSSG profile of PH has been 
lower than a KFC over the last couple of quarters 
? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Nihal our hypothesis if you look at pizza as a category it is a very price sensitive 
category and traditionally if you look at I mean pizza category there used to be very 
high volume of discounting, high volume of deals, offerings and so on and so forth 
whereas KFC from that perspective the brand has been built very differently and 
therefore the consumer expectation is very different. So, obviously it will take some 
time to correct the pizza piece and that is what we are trying to do. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
One final question Manish was that on the chicken side you mentioned there are 
some benefits which will play out given you are sitting on some inventory in case of 
Pizza Hut, is it the case that maybe the raw materials we use ahead are higher price 
or how will that play out in the coming quarters? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Nihal if you remember when we entered the inflation scenario our margins took 
a hit after a gap because we normally hold higher inventory and similarly now when 
the benefits are coming it will take a little while maybe another couple of months by 
the time you start to see those numbers in, but otherwise from a ordering perspective 
we have already started locking in the orders and therefore we know and we are 
certain that the chicken prices will come down. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
I was asking for cheese actually more from the Pizza Hut perspective, is the 
incremental usage of RM going to be gross margin dilutive or it is not going to have 
an impact? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, if let us say the cheese prices continue to go up it will be gross margin dilutive.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark.  

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Tejas Shah: 
So, first question is last quarter looking at good traction in KFC demand and 
sluggishness in pizza we had indicated or made a comment that we might accelerate 
our KFC expansion and decelerate a bit on PH, but in this quarter expansion actually 
PH has done better than KFC and even in your commentary for FY24 there is not 
much difference from our past number, so just wanted to know is there a rethink on 
that comment or that was just an observation on last quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Tejas as you know I mean we talk about our guidance from a store count 
perspective on a yearly basis and not on a quarterly basis. So, let us say depending 
on the property availability, depending on portfolio, depending on what is our priority 
on a given location and so on and so forth obviously the quarter-to-quarter movement 
can take place. So, if you have to look at the full year numbers for KFC, we opened 
almost 126 stores and for Pizza Hut we have opened almost 93 stores. So, therefore 
during the year when we said that KFC will be 100 plus and Pizza Hut will be 100 
minus, the numbers are as per that. In Quarter 3 if you were to look at KFC store 
addition was twice the PH addition because Pizza Hut in Quarter 3 was 17 and KFC 
was 38. So, therefore on a yearly basis is what we give the guidance and that is how 
we manage our portfolio. 
Tejas Shah: 
Second Manish on employee cost growth both sequentially and YoY there is an 
inflation there and even if I adjust it for store expansion and I do calculation on per 
store basis also there is a 14% inflation there, so just wanted to understand how 
should we think about it in FY24 and was there any one off in this particular quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, there is a one-off. As I said earlier in my opening remarks we provided for a 
statutory bonus in Quarter 4 for the full year. As you know, under the payment of 
bonus act, you are supposed to calculate the allocable surplus and that calculation 
is done on a yearly basis once your audits and all the numbers are finalized. So, that 
is a one-time impact which is there and going forward we will be providing at a similar 
rate. So, therefore that is the reason Quarter 4 employee cost also looks elevated. 
Tejas Shah: 
So, on annual basis it is not the one off on quarterly it might? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes.  
Tejas Shah: 
And last one on this fully owned subsidiary Devyani International in Dubai just wanted 
to know what is the vision that we have at this and what are we planning to do in the 
overseas market with this or is just the consolidation of overseas investments for us? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes. So, that is what we are planning to do and plus let us say if we were to expand 
overseas in future we have enabled us as a company to be able to have that 
subsidiary. So, otherwise there is nothing concrete as of now, but if there is 
something we will come back to you guys. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi Group.  
Ashish Kanodia: 
The first question is on Pizza Hut. If I look at the brand contribution margin on a YoY 
basis it has almost halved and the gross margin has not gone down that drastically 
even if SSSG is down 3%. Apart from just the impact of negative operating leverage 
because of negative SSSG, is there any other reason the brand contribution has 
declined so steeply? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Ashish as you know there are multiple factors which are playing out there. As I 
said during the current quarter we provided for the statutory bonus and that has 
impacted all of our brands -be it KFC, Pizza Hut or Costa, it is company wise. 
Second, if you see over a period of time towards the backend of the year we have 

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
not been able to take a price increase on pizza and that was a conscious decision 
despite the milk prices and the cheese prices going up which impacted the gross 
margins a little bit. the period that you are referring to, in that period the gross 
margins have also got impacted. Third, there is some bit of deleverage coming in 
because of the ADS as we are expanding the portfolio. For the new stores it takes 
some time to mature. So, that is the other piece. So, therefore there are multiple 
things at play and then we also talked about the “Flavour Fun” pizza that we launched 
which impacted the pricing piece. So, therefore there are things which are there and 
we think these initiatives are good from a long-term perspective and we have taken 
immediate steps to correct that also. So, as you know I have talked about this menu 
refresh, we have talked about gamification in the ordering of the pizza. So, all of 
those initiatives have been taken so that we are able to come back. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
And then I think in your opening remarks you also talked about increased marketing 
spends. Now if I look at both Pizza Hut and KFC there are new product launches I 
understand maybe in the longer run it will not have significant impact, but maybe 
from next two quarter perspective do you see you know while on gross margins you 
are taking some initiative, but purely because of marketing spend there could be 
some impact on the brand contribution margin purely because of higher marketing 
spends? 
Manish Dawar: 
It is a marginal uptake on the marketing side and obviously the marketing guys and 
the brand CEOs take that call given what the launch is, what is the priority and so on 
and so forth. So, therefore it is balancing depending on if let us say there are some 
major new initiatives in the quarter we go and support it and Yum! also helps us 
there. So, eventually it will come back and settle at the normal levels. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
And just the last one is I think on the inventory bit, when I look at the balance sheet 
the inventory levels are fairly very low compared to the scale, so when you say 
carrying high-cost inventory does that mean it is basically the contract which you 
already have, so there is a particular contract for the next two months, three months 
and that is why you still have high-cost inventory? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, it is a combination of some bit of forward cover, some bit of physical inventory 
that we hold because as you know we are present across the country and we have 
our own warehouses, we have our own stores. So, we cannot risk the stocks running 
out. So, therefore that inventory has to flush out by the time the new prices start to 
impact and the same thing holds true when we were entering into the inflation 
scenario our gross margins got affected towards the end of the year category. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
And just on the overall demand I mean I hear your thoughts that maybe we are 
reaching the bottom and I am not looking at specifically for numbers, but just some 
commentary in terms of how the last 45 days demand trend has been versus just 
adjusting for the seasonality Q1 versus Q2 if you adjust for the seasonality and if you 
look at that the last 45 days do you see the sentiments improving? 
Manish Dawar: 
Look we have seen some sentiments improving, but again there are multiple other 
factors as well. As you know there is IPL going on, there is summer holiday season 
also. So, there were some festivals also in between like over the weekend there was 
Mother’s Day and all of that. So, therefore I mean, but otherwise we are seeing 
improvement in the last 45 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Just a follow up on the previous answer and your comment on the demand has 
bottomed out, but usually we see 8% to 10% increase sequential increase in ADS 
for most QSR brands in June quarter versus March that is the usual seasonality, are 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
you suggesting by your comment of bottoming out that you are seeing a similar 
seasonal uptake this year as you normally see every year or is the seasonal uptake 
still lower than the usual seasonality? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Jay what you are saying is right and those times it used to hold very strongly pre 
COVID. During COVID we saw major disruption in terms of these trends and 
obviously we have seen some shift in quarters depending on whether restrictions 
were there, whether people are working from home, they were going to the office, 
etc. So, we will have to wait and watch for another few quarters so that we are able 
to comment that whatever was happening in the past, it is coming back. So, when 
we say that we think the inflation seems to be bottoming out that is more from the 
input prices that we are seeing and therefore it is not just in our category that is 
across various categories and various industries with that the disposable income for 
the consumer grows and therefore that should come back into the consumption 
category. So, that is the whole analogy when we say that we think that the downturn 
seems to be bottoming out. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Second question is if you were to add back those or if you were to provision for bonus 
across the four quarters then what would have been your KFC brand contribution 
margin in this quarter, just trying to understand this 17.5% print has bonus associated 
with them, so pertaining to the entire year when I look at your overall numbers your 
employee cost is up 200 basis point YoY, so just want to understand what will be the 
underlying margin? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, there is almost a 1% impact because of this. So, therefore, and that has not just 
impacted KFC, it has impacted the other brands as well.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So, just a quick follow up there so when I look at KFC gross margin is down 70 bps 
YoY, brand EBITDA margin is down 430 bps YoY, so 360 bps YoY decline. Of that 
100 bps is attributable to this onetime bonus provisioning and the remaining 250-260 
bps is attributable to operating deleverage is that the right understanding or was 
there any one off in the base quarter as well? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, as I said we took some initiatives on the local marketing. So, that is also going 
and impacting the brand contribution margins. There is deleverage which is there on 
again I mean on KFC and Pizza Hut both. So, it is a combination of multiple factors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie.  
Avi Mehta: 
First I wanted to just appreciate the competitive intensity so if you could give us some 
update on how it is happening in KFC and in Pizza category, is there an increase or 
similar, broadly on that? 
Manish Dawar: 
I would say it is more or less at the same level and let me just give you a little bit 
clarity. So, if you were to look at KFC first you know that Popeyes has launched last 
year. So, they are expanding. We believe the competition will expand the chicken 
consumption will help grow the category and will help the brand. So, therefore it is a 
good thing. On pizza we have seen there is lot of local competition which has started 
to come up post the COVID because during COVID time there were a lot of small-
scale players who did not renew their licenses or they shut the shops because of 
financial difficulties and all and now things getting normalized, there are lot of smaller 
brands available and the local competition is there. So, some of that is coming back 
and therefore that is where the competition intensity is going but let us say if you 
were to ask me on a national level any other very strong brand which is emerging 
we have not seen that yet.We believe that if the competition intensity is there it is 
good for the brands because there is more noise in the markets, people tend to 
consume more. So, therefore it is a good thing. 

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Avi Mehta: 
Where I was coming from was essentially on the marketing intensity or cost intensity 
in pricing-based competition as well if there is any change or is because we have 
clearly up the ante on marketing, does that essentially mean our share of voice has 
gone up, is that how I should read it or that is where what I was trying to ask. 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes because, for example, let us say right now given where the consumer sentiment 
is, given the inflation scenario. So, it is more to protect the environment and to come 
back so rather than becoming too aggressive.  
Avi Mehta: 
And second I just wanted to pick up on the last question sorry I missed that you said 
it is bottomed out the seasonality if you could just re-explain that? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, the question was do you think the consumer sentiment or a demand or let us say 
this inflation has bottomed out. So, that is where the whole piece was and therefore 
I was trying to link that end of the day it is the inflation which impacted the entire 
demand in the first place and that is the starting point where we are seeing the signs 
that the inflation is bottoming out and therefore we think that there would be revival 
in the consumer demand as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just two questions if I draw the attention on Slide #16 where ADS has declined from 
a peak of 127 to 106 and you partially mentioned that it is a function of SSSG, but 
my whole question is that when you say that the value piece is growing much faster 
in pizza, can you give some more qualitative comments that what SSSG and the 
impact which has come because of the competition also? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Shirish if you look at Slide 16 which is what you are alluding to so that is a KFC 
slide, it is not Pizza Hut.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, I gave the example of Pizza Hut because you said competition from local side is 
more on Pizza and not KFC? 
Manish Dawar: 
Sure, I will come to Pizza Hut as well. If you look at it, it is not just the SSSG which 
is where I talked to Vivek and Percy earlier because there is a strong element of how 
rapidly you are expanding your stores as well. So, for example, in a given vicinity if 
you have one store and you end up having another store let us say whatever a 
kilometer away it gets the demand divided, for example, if you go to a new city for a 
new store obviously nothing happens. So, it is not just let us say what is the count, 
what is the location, what is the vicinity. So, there are multiple factors which play out 
there and ADS is a combination of how many new stores are opening, what is the 
location of the new store, how is your SSSG doing. So, all of that then eventually 
gets reflected in the average numbers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
But if I say that if you have a store which is open for like say three years before and 
if I look at the SSSG would that be a significant number which will be higher on SSSG 
and even ADS? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, we do not bifurcate the stores and disclose those numbers. We disclose it on 
one set of population and the definition of SSSG is that whatever stores where we 
are measuring this out of that set of stores whatever stores are present in the 
comparable period last year. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And similar comments on pizza? 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Manish Dawar: 
So, therefore, that could also include some of the stores which got opened very 
recently in that period that would also include some of the stores which were very 
old in that period. So, therefore the maturity curve even though it is one-year prior 
number would be very, very different.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On the new offering like 10 new pizzas which has been launched by Yum! and also 
the Rs. 99 chicken roll over last 45 - 50 days what is the response I. mean is it that 
consumers are going to get down trading and that is one of the thing which we are 
trying like “Flavour Fun” Pizza what we tried during the COVID time? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, if you see the new pizza that we have talked about is it is a refresh that is not in 
the “Flavour Fun” range that is on the premium pizza that we have. It is only launched 
towards the backend of April. So, it is too early to give any read, but we thought that 
therefore number one in the Quarter 4 results it has no impact and second we wanted 
to keep all of you updated on the new initiatives we are taking so that is the reason 
we have talked about it. As far as the KFC lunch and the rolls are concerned we first 
experimented with that in in Bengaluru and Gurgaon. We got the response and then 
we expanded nationally and also the full quarter read is still not there because I mean 
this happened in phases, but otherwise whatever numbers we are seeing on KFC 
lunch and the rolls the response is excellent. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just quick word on the international business Nigeria and Nepal because not much 
discussion has happened so far? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, that is a small business as you know. If you look at Nepal we have KFC stores, 
we have 4 of Pizza Hut stores, so it is about 22 store count. We have 37 KFC stores 
in in Nigeria. We are not making any fresh investment in Nigeria as we have stated 
in the past because of currency issues. So, whatever profits we generate locally we 
invest that back into the business both the businesses on a brand contribution level 
and EBITDA level are positive. They sustain the CAPEX momentum that they have. 
So, it is a completely self-sufficient business and the whole objective is to continue 
to grow the business out of whatever they are generating and then over a period of 
time we will build a business out of that. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Any comments on the own brand beyond KFC, Pizza Hut, and Costa? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vaango is doing well. We have crossed a store count of 50, but again since these 
numbers are very small in the overall context that is the reason we do not talk about 
it, but otherwise we can talk about Vango in detail, we can talk about Nepal, Nigeria 
food Street, but overall, all of these businesses put together would be single digit of 
the total business.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I agree, when you are doing the annual number at least one slide could have helped 
us how we should look at because you have given a lot of commentary on KFC and 
how the growth is going to plan out over FY25, so that is why I was looking for some 
qualitative comments how growth we should be building in this numbers? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, we can look at it as we go forward and your suggestion is valid that at least on a 
full year basis we can do that. So, it is a very valid suggestion. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just last question on Slide #34 where I look at the other income has moved from 
Rs.16 crore last year to Rs. 33 crore this year, so what is the nature and how this 
growth has happened is primarily because of the store expansion fees what we are 
drawing from Yum! or is something more sitting in it? How should we look at it going 
forward? 

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Manish Dawar: 
If you see there is this IndAS adjustment which we are supposed to do and there is 
some element of IndAS adjustment which goes and sits in this category as well. So, 
that is the main reason. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments. Over to 
you, Sir. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much, thank you Mr. Chairman, thank you our colleagues and thanks 
to all the Investors and Analysts whoever participated in this call. I do hope that we 
have managed to respond to all your questions satisfactorily. Should you need any 
further clarification or would like to know more about our Company, please feel free 
to contact our Investor Relations Team. Thank you once again for your time today to 
join us on this call and participate in our growth journey. Thanks. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
