G2 ..4; 
,3-FF ITOR:rq 
-0344..{ 	
ap  Indian Bank 
Ittemmic 
ALLAHABAD 
 
 
 
 
निवेशक सेवाएँ कक्ष  
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL 
 
 
 
 
 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् : 254-260, अव्वै षण्मुगम सालै, रॉर्र्पेट्टा, चेन्नै – 600 014 
Corporate Office: 254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai – 600 014 
फोि Phone: 044-2813 4484/4698, ई-मेल Email: ibinvestorrelations@indianbank.co.in 
हमें फॉलो करें Follow us on 
 
 
 
 
Ref No.: ISC/151/2023-24                                                                                  Date: 02.08.2023 
The Vice President 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: INDIANB 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code- 532814 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet  
 
 
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
in continuation of our Letter No. ISC/131/2023-24 dated 26.07.2023 and Letter No. 
ISC/136/2023-24 dated 27.07.2023 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we are 
enclosing a copy of Transcript of said post Earnings Concall/ Meet held by the Bank on 
27.07.2023 on the Financial Results of the Bank for the First Quarter of Financial Year    
2023-24 ended on June 30, 2023. 
 
The Concall Transcript is also uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be accessed 
through below link: 
 
https://indianbank.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Q1-FY-24-Post-Result-Concall-Transcript-
1.pdf 
 
This is for your information, record and dissemination please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Bank 
 
 
 
AGM & Company Secretary  
Encl: A/a 
DINA 
NATH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by DINA NATH 
KUMAR 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=f9e22b8c1b4cbe397
ea154974bb1f6e21a396ec0948def
3bce4111484c37a148, 
postalCode=600014, ou=INVESTOR 
SERVICES CELL, o=INDIAN BANK, 
c=IN, cn=DINA NATH KUMAR 
Date: 2023.08.02 21:16:15 +05'30'

•	
 
--ftziwtew ap Indian Bank 
*el 101414 
ALLAHABAD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Bank Q1 FY’24 Results  
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet  
Held on 27.07.2023 
 
Transcript 
 
 
Management:  
 
 
Shri S.L.Jain  
MD & CEO  
 
Shri Imran Amin Siddiqui  
Executive Director  
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury  
Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
 
Shri Anand Dama  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services 
 
 

1 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Welcome everyone. We have with us today, Indian Bank 
Top Management to discuss the First Quarter FY24 Results Update. First, I would request you to 
brief us on the first quarter results and the outlook ahead on growth, margins and, asset quality.  
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah, good evening to all the analysts and investors in post results 
con call. So we have already uploaded the presentation for your reference. I will discuss slightly 
about that and then will open for question and answers. On digitization our colleague Bajaj Ji will 
brief. 
As far as business is concerned, our business has crossed Rs. 11 lakh crore of which deposit is 
Rs. 6.21 lakh crore and around Rs. 4.08 lakh crore of advance. On advance, we are growing 13%. 
We are also growing RAM sector at 13%, and within the RAM, we are growing retail at 16%. In 
agriculture we are growing 16%, MSME at 7% and corporate at 12%, similar to last quarter. 
So our growth is 13% in advances. So, if you include the write-off, it is around a 15.5% or 16% of 
credit growth. In the retail growth 16% is backed by the housing loan growth of 14%, auto loan 
growth of 29% and personal loan growth of 52%. Likewise, the 16% agri growth is backed by the 
crop loan wherein 71% is Jewel loan where we are growing 20%. So crop loan growth is mainly 
the growth of a Jewel loan which is out of Rs. 80,000 crore around Rs. 57,000 crore which is 
growing 20% and continuously growing, investment credit has grown by 8%, agri allied by 16%, 
and one is the SHG where we are growing 44% and now we have moved SHG from Southern 
State to Bihar, Assam, Rajasthan, Orissa and all places. MSME we are growing 7% and corporate 
we are growing 12%. In the deposit side, we are growing 6%, last quarter also we have grown 
6% but the retail deposit is growing 7% in the last quarter on quarter it is 2%. We have given 
guidance of 8% to 10% on deposit growth so we are catching that and in that credit side we have 
given a guidance of 10% to 12% we are at 13%.  
Now coming to the asset quality, we have given a guidance at the beginning of the quarter that 
we will be below 5% GNPA ratio by the end of this financial year at the time our gross was 5.95%, 
today after this result is 5.47% so around 48 bps came down in one quarter. And the net NPA 
was 0.90%, we have said that all NPA should come down, so it is at 0.7% and PCR which was 
93.8% is now 95% plus. Continued this quarter over the recovery is more than our slippage, last 
quarter last year also our recovery was more than slippage. We have given a guidance of              
Rs. 8,000 crore of recovery, so Rs. 2000 crore of recovery in the quarter, we ended with                
Rs. 2008 crore of recovery in the quarter. Of course, this time the recovery is more happened 
other than that TWO recovery of last quarter it was in TWO recovery, so that is some kind of plus, 
minus on that side. 
As far as profitability is concerned, our NII has grown by 26%. We have improved our margin from 
3.59% to 3.61%. Our operating profit has grown by 16%. Our profit before tax has grown by 78% 
and PAT has grown by 41%. As you all know that till last year we were getting a benefit of carry 
forward losses partially in the last financial year. This year it is not available and therefore the tax 
we applied to 25% plus presumably 28% because some are allowed some are not allowed. So 
this is the tax rate for us, but our profitability is improving. As far as capital side is concerned, we 
are at 15.78%, slight reduction in the capital because of two, three reasons, one is the reason 
that operational risk has increased because you know as an operational risk you have to take a 
three years number so up to last '23 we were having a number of '20, '21 and '22 and '20 was last 
year because of amalgamation so that has been replaced by the profit of Rs.5,282 crore and the 
resulting increase in the RWA for operational risk in a slight increase in the market risk because 

2 
 
we have built up the portfolio in AFS book and increase the durations as well and we have built 
the portfolio last quarter and we are actually building the portfolio resulting increase in market risk 
little bit and slight bit increase in that credit risk because of credit growth. 
But we are at 15.78% if you add a profit of the current quarter it is again 16.38% that way. That is 
what number. So this is and I told about 10% to 12% of credit growth we ended up 13% and you 
see from last quarter that our growth is in a very, very planned way. We have grown last year also 
13% RAM, 12% corporate, this time also the same number we are going. So and that model is 
actually giving us margin, increasing our customer base and that supports us for a further growth 
and we would like to continue with this model. 
On the asset quality front, we had Rs.1,753 crore of slippages including one corporate a/c of 
Rs.190 crore which is basically dealing in computer and other accessories trading based in 
Mumbai. The recovery has started coming in this account. Other than the corporate slippages, 
45% of the slippages are in MSME book and again the 40% is from the restructured book.  
In addition to that, last year we were having a PSLC income of Rs.479 crore, but the distribution 
was Rs.298 crore in the first quarter and Rs.111 crore in the second quarter, and 37 and 41 in 
the third and fourth quarter. So it was a receipt basis, but we have done this on an accrual basis. 
So Rs.150 crore we have booked as income the quarter and Rs.450 crore will be booked in the 
next three quarters. So again Rs.479 crore where we will be having Rs 600 crore and during the 
year also we will have some PSLC income. In the provision side what we have done, we have 
increased little bit of provision from 20% to 25% on our restructured book of around                    
Rs.500 odd crore.  
Now I will request our colleague Bajaj ji to give little brief about the digitization - because we are 
doing a number of things on digitization on our HR side as well so I'll request him to tell. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: Thank you, Sir. Good evening, everyone. As last time also we 
told we started our digital transformation journey in the month of April '22, so with the first journey 
as PAPL and now the financial year '23 we did 25 journeys, and during this quarter, we launched 
another 11 journeys so total 36 journey till 30th June and we are planning to launch another 13 
journeys during the next quarter.  
And if we talk on the digital business, last year entire year, we did a Rs.5,640 crore business and 
last year also were telling we'll be growing 7x to 8x. In the same line, we have done business of 
Rs.9,179 crore which is for the first quarter itself against Rs.5,614 crore. Same way it has almost 
all journey so e-deposits we have grown by 60%, loan against deposit 182%, Jewel, which we 
started in the last quarter, which was just Rs.57 crore last year and this year first quarter itself is 
Rs.4,755 crore, then the MSME renewal, cases renewal all this journeys are doing well for us. 
The last year quarter-on-quarter, first quarter we did Rs.147 crore digital business, second quarter 
we did across RAM and liability with its Rs.591 crore, third quarter we did Rs. 2,138 crore, and 
fourth quarter we did Rs.2,765 crore and this year first quarter itself is Rs.9,179 crore. So first 
quarter we launched six journey last year up to September and then October to December another 
6 journeys, January to March 13 journeys, and this year in the first quarter I already told that 11 
journeys. And our digital channel business is now across all digital channels, it has gone up by 
7% it was 78% last year in June and this time it is 85%. Even on the liability side also we are 
acquiring customers on the digital mode through tab or end-to-end digital branch journey which 
in last year it was the financial year Q1 FY'23 3.52 lakhs and this year 5.5 lakh customers we 

3 
 
acquired through this mode which is almost 68% of total deposit customers acquired and which 
is 56% Y-o-Y growth. Same way the digital lending platform I already told, and omni channel, we 
are coming up with our new app which is the closed user group we are going to launch in couple 
of days and after rigorous and successful testing across the internal users and maybe a couple 
of other people then we'll be launching for the market. And we have other capabilities we have 
built up on the middleware CBS APIs, open APIs for the digital banking, CloudStack the 
technology. We are in the public cloud for our smart office, private cloud also we have now 
acquired inventories onboarded for these core banking as well as the requisite platform. 
To take care of cyber security, we are coming up with various new initiatives. We have taken the 
advanced cyber SOC, advanced technology for customer data protection in line with the 
requirement and we have created Analytic Center of Excellence for the usage of data for the data 
governance, the customer CRM model as well as the CMS, Cash Management Service. We are 
in the pipeline, for on boarding the customers already RFPs are floated just last minute of finalizing 
the vendors. Same way we created two generalized position for the fintechs and government 
partnerships we have done couple of a partnership with some fintech as well as the governments. 
I think now. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: We are open for question and answers. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yes, thanks. Thanks for the update. So first question that 
I had was, basically in your presentation, you have given a domestic NIM. Is it possible for you to 
give the overall global NIM? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Okay. That we'll provide.Meantime, you can ask the other questions. 
No problem. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Sure. I think there are lot of questions which are lined up 
and Mr. Ajmera has raised hand from long time now. Yeah, Ajmera ji you can unmute yourself 
and ask your question. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yeah. Good evening, sir 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Good evening. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Am I audible? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, sir. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Sir, congratulations to you and the entire team for the yet another very 
good quarter, fantastic results on all the parameters, whether it is operating profit, net profit, asset 
quality, reduction in the gross NPA, net NPA, percentage wise also. But having said that, I've got 
just a couple of observations and some questions. One is to take it a big step with the digital topic 
only. What is our total digital spend budget for this FY'24, and out of which, how much are we 
going to have the CapEx and how much percentage wise is going to go through the P&L? This is 
my first question. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: Yes, Sir. Last three years, we have spent almost Rs.1,500 crore, 
yes, 50% in capital and 50% in revenue side. This year our target, our budget is Rs.570 crore, 
out of that capital is Rs.395 crore and the P&L side is Rs.170 crore. And we have already done 
almost Rs.124 crore is already spent. 

4 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Okay, Sir. Quite great, Sir. Sir, on the recovery front from the written-
off account and overall recovery also, I think this quarter has been little muted. What is the overall 
recovery target are we going to meet that for FY'24? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Ajmera Ji our target at the beginning of the year we said that it will be 
Rs.8,000 crore, so Rs.2000 crore per quarter. We ended Rs.2008 crore. So we are achieving our 
target and going forward also we'll achieve our target. What happens this time is I guess I mean 
recovery which is coming in a normal accounts by way of upgradation by way of cash recovery 
even you have seen, we have seen that even the restructured account we upgraded. So overall 
recoveries there for Rs. 2000 crore. Second point is that if the recovery you get a 100% but if we 
have a recovery over 95% because our PCR is 95%. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yes, sir. Our performance on the treasury front is also excellent in this 
quarter going forward. And you said that you have increased your AFS book modified duration 
also. So going forward, how do we see on the treasury front going forward considering the muted 
rate of rate hike or are we comfortable with this increased modified duration in AFS book? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah, let me tell my philosophy and how we are working in treasury 
book right. So we are having one leg Rs. 91,000 crore of our treasury book. Of this around 26% 
is in AFS and 74% is in HTM, we have shipped around 2% as added in a AFS book, first point. 
Second point is that we are moving from the low interest rate to a high interest rates. So what we 
are doing, we are continuously churning our portfolio AFS book, HTM you have a limited scope. 
The interest holding yield of AFS plus 6% in June '22 last year which we moved to date to 7.27%. 
It means we have huge earnings some of the assets, which were carrying low rate we have shifted 
sold out and create here a new asset and as a result, what will happen going forward bank will 
continue to get a good NII is a one point. And second point is that what is thinking that when the 
interest rate will come below around between 7.0 to 7.5 we will start selling. We have built a 
portfolio between 7.15 and 7.20, 7.30, and the modified duration also. So this is the opportunity 
for us in the future to earn from that book. And that is our philosophy. As a result, a point of the 
modified duration, which was 1.98 in March has become 2.88. So, MD has also increased and as 
for the holding yield is also increased and so far the current rate is 7.08 so this is opportunity for 
us. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: It's a fantastic. You are Chartered Accountant and you have got a very 
good treasury team along with you to manage. So, we are impressed with that and it is showing 
good results also. On the credit side, credit growth also now again this quarter has been I think 
around 2% and against the overall guidance I think 13%, 14%. So going forward we will be able 
to meet the credit growth and from what I mean the composition of the RAM and corporate book 
will remain same? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So, you see that the two things, you see our composite part 61% in 
June also today also it is 61%, growth RAM 13% this quarter growth RAM 13% last. So we are 
totally growing in a planned way because we want to have our margins also. I told, continuously 
telling that we are very margin conscious bank right and it is reflecting in our NII income. So, in 
retail agriculture MSME is giving us a margin at the same time corporate huge opportunities are 
there. Now today you see the political stability, geopolitical relationship, all macros are in favor of 
country. So, a good time for financial institution or banks to grow and we too are growing. And 
that growth opportunities are coming from all sector, whether it's steel, or cement, or textile, city 
gauge or advanced metering, or NBFCs or even the road. So but we are selectively moving of 

5 
 
those and creating a good portfolio where there are not only margins but the risk is spread. You 
see even over there is one slide I've given slide number 11 where we talk about how we are 
moving in a corporate so that you see entire incremental growth is happening through that. AA 
and AAA, the growth is from that, so we are very selective on that way and growing and also 
getting margin. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: So my last question in this round is on ECL provision have we calculated 
like last time also we discussed? And how much buffer already have in our books, extra provision, 
including maybe COVID buffer also? So are we are fully equipped to take care of any challenges, 
any contingencies in future whenever it is finalized? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So in ECL basically to my mind of course the guidelines are yet to 
come from the Reserve Bank. Stage 3, Stage 2 and Stage 1, I said, right? So Stage 3 is NPA. 
Our provision is substantially higher than the required because 95% is there, even excluding TWO 
it is also 88%, 89% excluding TWO substantially higher. Stage 2 is restructured book. We have 
built a provision of 25%. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yeah. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Today in our book Net NPA is Rs. 3000 crore and standard asset 
provision is close to Rs. 7,000 crore. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: And on the SMA book? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: SMA2 also we are having a provision. So we are having maybe around 
Rs. 1,000 crore or Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1000 crore over. So we are having up provision in all 
categories. So Bank is basically very sound as far as the balance sheet is concerned. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: All right, sir. Thank you, sir. I'll come back again sir. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So, yes, from ECL point also as and when the guidelines come, we 
will see otherwise till guidelines come I can't say today but we are having adequate buffers. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yeah, that's only we wanted to be assured. Thank you, Sir. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Next question we'll have from Mona. Mona, please unmute 
yourself. 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Yeah. Hi, sir, good evening, and congrats on a good set of numbers. I 
just have two questions. So firstly, on the agri gold portfolio and overall gold book which has been 
growing pretty good in your case, if you could give some color in terms of what are the yields 
here, what are the LTVs and what's sort of your branch network of Rs. 58,000 or so is enabled 
for gold lending? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: My total gold loan book is around Rs. 64,000 crore out of the Rs. 
64,000 crore Rs. 57,000 crore is in agri, around Rs. 5,000 crore in the retail and around Rs. 1,500 
crore is a MSME so put together is Rs. 64,000 odd crore. How we are doing this business, the 
point is one is that we are having a 650 gold shoppe where we have given manpower and then 
gold loan champions. We have given carat meters also to see that quality and now we have 
digitized the journeys as well. What happens in our people every day one branches giving 20 
loans, 30 loans, huge loans they are giving. So to have a better turnaround time and also to 

6 
 
manage that risk we have started a digital journeys and every day this journey has picked up on 
Rs. 5,000 crore book we have created in the. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: Yes, per day Rs. 200 crore. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, around Rs. 200, Rs. 300 crore, Rs. 200 crore of gold loan is 
happening and going forward it will happen entire gold loan slowly will become digitized. In 
addition to the other branches are also therefore doing gold loans, so maybe around 1800 to 2000 
branches are doing the gold loan business 650s mainly in. So we have trained the manpower 
there and we keep on training those manpower and managing the asset. So that way we are 
managing our gold loan book. 
Mona, Analyst: And what would be the yields and LTV for the gold book? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: It's still around 8.6 to 8.75 that is a one-year MCLR generally so 8.6 
and we are doing this business not from today from years together, decades together. 
Mona, Analyst: Right. So you mentioned about 1800 to 2000 branches that enable for gold 
lending of which 650 are special ones or rather focused ones. So was this 1,800, 2,000 number, 
I mean, 2 to 3 years ago, the same network was enabled? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: We are increasing. What happens we have become expertise in this 
kind of  business and this kind of a business was mainly doing in the southern part of the country. 
What happens after amalgamation we have trained the people of other parts of the country as 
well. Suppose I'm telling Rajasthan, Udaipur is doing this business because the managers who 
come here, we trained them and they start doing business and slowly, the portfolio is growing 
there as well. So likewise this gold business we are also making people expertise in SHG lending, 
SHG is a big lending opportunity in the southern part. Now, we have moved SHG also in Orissa, 
even in Assam, even in Rajasthan, slightly in Bengal as well. So, these are business. And here 
in SHG we are having 50 SHG branches even for managing this kind of business. So, SHG we 
are having Rs. 14,000 crore of our portfolio which is growing at 40% plus. So these are business 
where we are actually training the people, monitoring their performance and managing the risk. 
Mona, Analyst: Got it. So how many branches are enabled say 2 to 3 years back in your case 
for Indian Bank? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO:  So, we keep on increasing, madam. Numbers exactly it is very difficult 
to give on a year-on-year how we are in, but what is supposed we have is we train 400 managers 
on this business. So what we do, we call up managers from the northern part or say opposite 
want to go Orissa we call them sent to that those branches there SHG businesses and then we 
will give them theoretical training and again practical training and then they will start doing 
business. 
Mona, Analyst: Got it, Sir. Thank you. The other question was on you mentioned around SMA, 
against SMA 2 you have provided about Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1000 crore provisions, so is it part 
of the and restructured provisions that you additionally made or it's outside of the PCR and 
restructured provisions? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: This is outside. 
Mona, Analyst: Okay, thank you. That was very useful. 

7 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you, Mona. Our next question we will take from 
Hardik. Hardik, please unmute yourself. 
Hardik, Analyst: Yeah, a couple of questions. Firstly on this gold loan portfolio, so what kind of 
standardization process to just to make sure that any fraud or that thing doesn't happen at the 
branch level? And I think the second question regarding the business yield, so in gold loan 
predominantly it was market catered by either the unorganized players or the NBFCs and both of 
them had a yield of ranging from 15% to even 20% to 24%. We can slightly increase the yield on 
this portfolio with such kind of growth. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: Yeah, as far as you're talking about the standardized process, 
yes, because our as MD sir was telling, we have decades together Indian Bank has got expertise 
in this agriculture loan business. So now after in this starting the digital journeys, so the process 
is totally digitized either it can be done through the mobile or through website or branches its a 
journey also even customer who doesn't use the digital channels, he can come to the branch and 
again the journey is total digital. Then we have the experts sitting over there in the branches who 
assess the gold purity and the cartometer also have been provided to  650 shoppe. So over a 
period of time we got the expertise. And the verification is also done when through over inspection 
center and even the person from other banks that goes and do the inspection so that verification 
checking and rechecking is done at a regular interval to ensure the quality of the gold.  
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So we have a process of checking, rechecking and again on a 
quarterly separate team rechecking. 
Hardik, Analyst: Got it, And any thoughts on yield on this book? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: No, the market is very competitive I'm telling and the quality of people 
which we take are different than they take and they go interior to the country we are doing in the 
place where we have branches and all, we have a strong room, we have all controls. 
Hardik, Analyst: Okay. Now my second question was regarding the provisions, so this quarter 
again we have done Rs. 828 crore provision for standard advances. And now over NPA provision 
is only Rs. 930 crore this quarter and already our net NPAs are hardly Rs. 3,200 crore. So do you 
foresee that over next few quarters also we were doing the provisions for standard advance or 
you pitch that we have created the enough buffer and therefore even that provisions can go down? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Now, my point is, of course you are very right that we are having an 
Rs. 3,200 crore of a net NPA. So the provisioning requirement will be substantially less going 
forward on this book. Right. There is no second opinion on that. So standard asset provisions. So 
we keep on reviewing portfolios on a quarterly basis, not only we, our risk management committee 
also review this portfolio and take a call on this, take a call on this whether to have or not. 
Hardik, Analyst: Okay, thank you. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah. Thank you, Hardik. Our next question we'll take 
from Mahrukh. Mahrukh, please unmute yourself. 
Mahrukh, Analyst: Yeah. Hello, sir. Good evening. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Good evening. 

8 
 
Mahrukh, Analyst: So my first question is that how much of deposit and MCLR repricing on loans 
is still pending? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: No, madam, you see, I'm answering in a different way. You see the 
cost of deposits of the Bank which is 4.60% in June front. 3.85% was a cost in the June '22, 75 
bps is the cost increase, one point. Second point, if you see the bank's balance sheet, general, 
not to mine, to any balance sheet, 40% is a CASA and 60% is term deposit. RBI has increased 
the interest rate to 250 bps. We have increased our deposit rates anything between 1.6% or 1.7% 
to 2.1%. On an average I'd say suppose take 2% on a 60%, 1.2% is a maximum at the peak. So 
3.85% plus 1.2% is a peak 5.05%, that is a peak. But depends on your duration of your liabilities, 
that is a peak. But you see 75% is already there. So slowly, slowly what happens it will not be so 
high but quarter-on-quarter will be increased. So how to tackle this issue? How to tackle this issue 
is the one we have moved our advances from Repo to MCLR. Now presently, last time I told 59 
or it has become 64, so what happens these assets are also will come for repricing and we'll give 
better return as compared to the last time. Second one I told that I've churned my investment 
portfolio and AFS yield from 6.02 or something 7.27 or 7. So that will give and third one is a growth 
in advances, these three will give additional NII. And here the major part is being taken care and 
you also know that deposit rates have become soft from March to today. So the hike will not be 
so much because for 4.33% to 4.6%, 27bps hike we have seen in the quarter, it will not be so 
steep going forward. So, considering this and the deposit repricing we are told that we'll be able 
to protect the margin and you see that in three, even up increase your margins have improved. 
Mahrukh, Analyst: Got it. And, sir, I have two other questions. One is what is your total stock of 
standard provisions other than the RBI-mandated provisions? So whatever you have on 
restructured or SMA or any other standard category other than that 0.4% that RBI mandates? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Madam, we are having around close to Rs. 7,000 crore, Rs. 6,800 
crore some odd crore of a standard asset provisions. So major part of this is a basically we have 
taken a higher provision is a buffers, majority of this. But fact remains you see on one side by 
gross NPA is Rs. 26,000 crore right and net NPA is Rs.3,000 crore, so 23,000 crore provision, 
23,000 plus 7,000, 30,000, 30 divided by 26, it is I think 120%. 
Mahrukh, Analyst: Yes. Got it. Okay, sir. Got it. And, sir, yes, the last question is your view on 
deposit competition, right, because in the first quarter while of course there could have been 
volatility in rates and then some easing. In the first quarter a lot of banks have not grown deposits 
and as the busy season picks up there will be a lot of deposit growth, HDFC Bank was also silent 
in the first quarter and begin to ramp up. So in this context how do you see deposit growth and 
incremental deposit rates panning out? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: No, madam, let me tell you. What we have told in the beginning that 
we'll grow 8% to 10%. This we have to grow. There is no second opinion, right. Otherwise, we will 
not be able to fund our credit growth target, this we have to grow. Now at this point of time,  my 
CD ratio is 77%, I'm still having Rs. 35,000 crore of a excess SLR, my LCR book is 131%. So I 
have liquidity. So going forward what we level as we'll create more assets naturally we need more 
asset. So at this time raising money at a higher rate doesn't make much sense to your margin, 
right. So we are maintaining 77%, 78% of a CD ratio but deposit side we are working very hard 
on the the retail deposit side. So retail deposit side we have opened 20 liability acquisition centers 
also, we have now started NRIs with this also. We have started cash management. All will give 
me deposit. We have come out with product insurance linked products, we are focusing on salary 

9 
 
account, we have been focusing on family accounts, the number of things we are doing, but the 
result will slowly slowly will come. But I can grow more also but you have to give 10, 20, 30 bps 
more. So as and when the opportunity comes, there is no point that deposit is not available. You 
give 10%, 20% you'll get more deposit. So all is a conscious call we are taking. 
Mahrukh, Analyst: Got it, sir. Got it. Sir, these were my questions. Thank you so so much. All 
the best 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah. Thank you, Mahrukh. Next question we'll take from 
Sushil Ji. Sushil, please unmute yourself. 
Sushil, Analyst: Congratulations to Indian Bank management team and thank you for taking my 
question. Most of my questions have been answered. Sir, my last question to you or the first 
question. So you've spoken everything in a transformation happening in Indian Bank under the 
current management and your leadership. Can you elaborate more like last quarter how much 
have you achieved in transformation, how would you like to see over a period of next one year 
and where Indian Bank would look in the transformation journey for years to come? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So first digitization, our colleague, Bajaj already told. So we have 
launched the journey. What happens slowly slowly the business will pick up and we are doing lot 
of things in core side, we are doing on the customer side and middleware, omni channel or  CRM. 
The number of things we are doing so that naturally it takes time, Sir, but it will happen, one side. 
Second side is that your revenue side, so we are starting this cash management already, we have 
floated RFP and now the cash management business will start. Likewise, we have recruited 
people for the remittance business, what happens majority of the remittance are taking place in 
the southern part of the country, and through NRI also the number of deposit firms you get a 
housing loan and all proposals. So we have started this remittance business, NRI business and 
totally we have recruited people from the market as well, the second part of that. Third part is that 
the subsidiary license which we have got. Already yesterday we have finalized our consultant 
everything because you know 2 or 3 month takes in public sector we have to float RFP, recruit 
people, onboard the consultants. So everything we have completed. And now in the next 3 to 4 
months I think subsidiary should take place. We will start recruiting the people and all. So these 
things we have started and a number of places we have technology tie-up, alliances with various 
government departments as well for there, funding distributions because government too 
spending the money for a number of LPs schemes. So we have done this. In various state 
headquarters, we also opened our government relationships. 
So number of things we have done, slowly the benefit will start accruing. In the meantime, our 
core business is growing, this is how we are making ourselves ready for the future. So, going 
forward, you will see that our digital business will increase, already we are at Rs. 9,000 crore or 
Rs. 10,000 crore, we started, slowly in the next quarter it will further improve. Starting will take 
time, sir. And here, we came in retail side, agri side, in MSME side, even in the liability side all 
side journeys we are coming. So benefit will accrue, subsidiary will come, cash management will 
start, the remittance will start going forward. I am saying that everything should contribute to our 
bottom line as well as bank will become more digital friendly. 
Sushil, Analyst: So your geography, which is more of Southern India pre-merger and post-
merger also you have a higher dominance. So get to tailend to market your products whether you 
are marketing one product, two products or you will target three products, how will your 

10 
 
productivity in terms of empowerment of human talent which you would you like to hire and cross-
sell? Are you on the journey of achieving in next 12 months or it will take a longer time? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: No, the benefits should start accruing within 12 months and it will be 
scale up in time to come, but the benefits will start accruing. If happens first time, first year it is 
less, second year it multiply, actually it multiples. 
Sushil, Analyst: So the fruits will be visible over a period a number of years and it not necessarily 
in the next 12 months, that's what your answer? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO:  No, no, fruits will start. You will see the fruits. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: You will see them. We already started seeing the fruit. Yeah. 
We already started seeing the fruit. 
Sushil, Analyst: Sir, the second thing is the government business potential because you're Tamil 
Nadu centric bank you have good presence in entire eastern cost and southern states and the 
kind of activity which is happening on manufacturing in your state and the geographies where you 
are present, are you seeing more kind of corporate demand or MSME demand in term loans 
working capital? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah. You rightly said, sir. That is why Mid corporate growth is around 
18%, 19% because we are growing on  more mid corporate also that this is giving a better margin. 
Shri Imran Amin Siddiqui, ED: And one more correction, we are now not Tamil Nadu-focused 
bank, we are now having presence in Northern part quite good presence. And east, also we are 
having good presence. Post merger we are having good business. 
Sushil, Analyst: Thank you, sir, and all the best, and thank you for taking my questions. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you. Thank you so much 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah. Thank you, Sushil. The next question we'll have 
from Mr. Narendra. Please unmute yourself 
Narendra, Analyst: Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
So you said that you are expanding, so is there any guidance value we'd like to do on the cost-
to-income side? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So cost to income was 44.20% last year and cost to income in the 
current quarter is also 44.22%. At the beginning of the year we said that we'd like to maintain cost 
income ratio at that level. So we'll able to maintain this quarter at 44.22%. So, going forward, our 
endeavor will be to maintain that kind of cost ratio. 
Narendra, Analyst: And the same as the case with the mean than the credit cost too, sir? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Which one? 
Narendra, Analyst: Main than the credit cost? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Credit cost will come down. Credit cost it was June 2022 2.02%. Then 
0.98 in March, then 0.82 in June and net NPA is 0.7 actually credit cost will come down. 
Narendra, Analyst: So any kind of number we would like to know? 

11 
 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Should be less. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you. So we'll have last question from Mr. Ajmera. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity again. Sir, just a 
couple of questions in this round. One is that are we seeing any impact on this recent floods 
happening, whether any immediate impact because it is devastating many of the states and many 
of the cities. So are we seeing any impact of that? 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: So flood is happening in Gujarat or Himachal, right, Western 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Even some part. But you see the immediate impact will come on the 
agriculture side on that side, so we are basically having a good collateral, good securities and so 
not much impact I'm seeing sir considering all presence and all. Exact data of course will come 
and then we'll be able to analyze. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: My second question, sir, is on our recovery scheme in that are we 
aggressively on the OTS. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, sir. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Then going to NCLT and other 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: No, always recoveries is more in OTS then NCLT. So we are and you 
see our numbers, OTS numbers are also inclusive. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: So what is that composition of recovery through OTS? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So OTS is around., what happens if you do, big OTS big number will 
come, it was possible around at Rs. 236 crore, Rs. 240 crore of a number we have to see, but we 
are having already OTS approved around Rs. 700 odd crore in hand. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Any Policy on non-discretionary OTS? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, we are having a non-discretionary, non-discriminatory OTS for 
MSME, for Education loan we are having sir. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: And the last throw some color on overall HR initiatives and HR 
developments and that going forward, how do we plan to manage our costing by hiring new people 
for various digital banking and various other initiatives which we are taking, so can you give the 
color on the overall HR policy? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: So, I'm telling you sir, in HR basically what happening we are having 
40,000 plus employees and average age is 38 years and we are having good employees, we are 
continuously giving them promotions as well. Now going forward what happens for the new 
business you need to have a good manpower. So we have a board-approved policy there and we 
can hire the people from the market as well. So if you see my total salary expenditures and all for 
the bank as a whole we are having around Rs. 7,500 crore of expenditure last year. If this 1% of 
this expenditure, which is Rs. 75 crore, if I can recruit 20, 25 people, 30 people, even then we can 
do good business because new people will come, new business opportunities will come. So and 
what will happen when you have people who understand the business then 99% people will follow 
and the grooming will happen in the bank. So going this philosophy we have recruited people for 
that IT, we have recruited people in the cyber, we have recruited people in cash management, 

12 
 
remittances. We are doing that. The one part, we are doing. Second part is that even in the various 
cadres, scale three, scale four we are recruiting people lateraly also because we are taking 
Chartered Accountants, MBAs, experience people, Risk Management people so that also we are 
taking lateral recruitment we are doing, we are taking officers at different levels. We are taking 
people at clerical cadre, right. So all because we need expertise in all field because it gives 
opportunities in the trade finance, imports, exports, credits away countries opening naturally they 
will reduce requirement of that trend manpower, this second. 
Third one is, we are also giving training to the people not only in our policy, we are sending our 
people to various other colleges also for their continuous learning. So around 750 people this year 
we are training more on the credit side and all, this is one. The fourth one is that we have done, 
we have changed the entire system, last year we came out with the performance management 
system, wherein we have given the target for each and every officers, earlier the targets was only 
for branch now each and every officer has target and they can see their target on their mobile 
even in the laptop and improve their performance and this yearly APAR score is based on the 
target they achieved. 
So in  performance management system also by giving targets we have seen that the productivity 
of the people are increasing, because when you monitor each and every people and they also 
understand that by doing this their scores are better naturally the productivity increases. So from 
this angle, then training angle. So from various angle we are making our people ready for business 
because to my mind for a banking you need a technology, you need a talent and the grooming of 
the people. So we are working on that and from last one and half years BCG consultant for 
management system we are working continuously with them as well. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: And the foresight also? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah. 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: You are working very well doing on all the fronts and that is reflected in 
our stock prices also recently and I think it's still it is underprice according to me. So we will see 
again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you. Thank you, Ajmera ji. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): So with your permission, we can take one more question 
from Mr. Rakesh? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah, please 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah, Rakesh please unmute yourself. Rakesh, please 
ask your question. Rakesh, we're not able to hear you. Sir, meanwhile, if you can just provide the 
global NIM number that I basically asked for 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: 3.56%. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): 3.56%, and sir, if you can put that into the presentation 
also next time that will be great. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Next time we will put, Next time we will present. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Sure. And so, Rakesh, are you able to see? 

13 
 
Rakesh, Analyst: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks, sir. Very excellent set of numbers on multiple 
front, asset quality, margin and very balanced and prudent growth that we are doing. So one of 
the best results even the all banks in this quarter. Sir, just one question, is there any change in 
the PSLC income recognition with reference to the notes of accounts number three? 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah, I clarified at the beginning what happens earlier we used to 
book the income based on the realization basis. So you see last year my first quarter income was 
Rs. 298 crore, second quarter was Rs. 111 crore, third quarter Rs. 37 crore, and Rs. 41 crore 
fourth quarter so this is a uneven growth. But in fact we sell the PSLC for a year. So what we 
thought, it is not better that we book based on the realization second we believe in a consistent 
performance, sir, consistently we should  perform.  
So as last year income was Rs. 479 crore of course in the first quarter was only a Rs. 298 crore. 
In the first quarter this time we have done a good job and we have Rs. 600 odd crore of income. 
So we thought and just better that we should book based on accrual basis of accounting and 
therefore Rs. 152 crore of income we have shown first quarter and naturally next three quarter 
will be Rs. 150 crore each plus the income we generate in the remaining nine months and that 
will be amortized over the remaining period. 
Rakesh, Analyst: Got it, sir. Thanks, many thanks. Thanks. All the best for the future 
performance. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yes, thank you, Rakesh. So that will be all, we don't have 
any further questions if you have any closing remarks to make. 
Shri S.L.Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you. Thank you, all the investors and analysts for your 
continuous support and guidance to us and investing time on us and we will be trying our level 
best to do better in the time to come. Thank you. 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, ED: Thank you, everyone. 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you and best wishes to you sir, have a nice evening. 
