
Page 1 of 27 
 
“City Union Bank 
Q4 & FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. MR. PRABAL GANDHI - AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. N. KAMAKODI – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CITY UNION 
BANK 
MR. J. SADAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CITY UNION BANK 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 and FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call of City Union Bank hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Prabhal Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Thank you 
and over to you! 
Prabhal Gandhi: 
Thank you Jayshree. Good evening everyone. Thank you for dialing in. On behalf 
of Ambit Capital, I welcome you all to Q4 earnings call of City Union Bank. We have 
with us Dr. N Kamakodi, MD and CEO and Mr. J. Sadagopan, CFO. Without further 
ado, I will hand over the call to Dr. N Kamakodi for his opening remark post which 
we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Good evening everyone! 
 
Hearty welcome to all of you for this concall to discuss the audited financial results 
of City Union Bank for the 4th Quarter / Year ended 31.03.2023.  The Board 
approved the results today and I assume you all have received the copies of results 
and the presentation. You might also have seen announcement of 3 year extension 
approved for MD. Succession planning will start in about one to one and half years 
time. 
 
At the beginning of the last financial year, during Q4 FY22 concall, we shared our 
expectations that our growth will be low to middle double digit and we did not 
have visibility of brighter growth because of War, Oil price, Macro instability etc. 
 
Though we were not bullish during the beginning of last financial year, outlook 
improved during the middle of the year. But unexpected developments affected the 
progress. All those things are behind us now. 
 
FY 23 had been a decent year of progress despite the above challenges we faced. 
Most of the parameters like PAT growth, reduction in NPA, ROA growth etc had 
been broadly in line on annual basis while the growth was below the expectation 
levels. As you all know, we had tightened underwriting process even before the 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 27 
Covid when our approval rate for new customers logins which used to be 45%-
50% was brought down to around 25%.  
 
We did not make any change in our composition of advances. Major segment is 
MSME with 43% share and much of the advance came from Gold loan which is 
presently 25% of our advances. Historically, we did not concentrate much on the 
segments like Housing, Credit card segment, vehicle loans, personal loan, loan 
against properties as well as co-lending model. Now we could see that our peers 
are growing in these segments. Based on our learnings in the last 3 – 4 years , we 
are at the verge of finalizing Boston Consulting Group (BCG), as our consultant to 
upgrade our existing digital lending processes. The approval proportion should 
progressively increase in the next few quarters. We are aiming for 12% to 15% 
growth for the current year which should be skewed towards year end. No major 
change is expected in composition of advances. 
 
As discussed in the last quarter concall, we could not recognize interest subvention 
part of Agricultural KCC Jewel loan. We have completed necessary compliance for 
the ‘Scale of Finance’ and the required audit process. Post concall, we received one 
installment and waiting for the rest. This is a good sign. 
 
At the year beginning, we estimated the slippage for FY 23 to be in the range of 
2.5%-3.0% of closing advances. In addition to those accounts which are marked 
as NPAs by system automation, based on our past learnings, we have identified 
and recognized some accounts as NPAs in Q4 FY 23 which are showing signs of 
sickness but are not marked by the system as NPAs. After taking in consideration 
of all these, our slippage for FY 23 was at 3.02% which is 2 bps higher than our 
expected range. Our Gross NPA stood at Rs.1920 Cr as of 31.03.2023 and GNPA 
ratio stood at 4.37% as against 4.70% in FY 22. We expect good moderation in 
slippage this year. At the same time the recovery has improved substantially during 
FY 22-23. We had a total recovery / upgradation of Rs.1,107 Cr  in FY 23 
comprising of Rs.813 Cr from live accounts and Rs.294 Cr from technically written 
off accounts compared to Rs.795 Cr comprising of Rs.607 Cr from live accounts 
and Rs.188 Cr from TW accounts in FY 22. The NPA addition minus total recovery 
for FY 23 improved to Rs.222 Cr from  Rs.481 Cr in FY 22. Net NPA also improved 
from 2.89% in FY 22 to 2.36% in FY 23 and it reduced sequentially from 2.67% in 
Q3 FY 23 to 2.36% in Q4 FY 23. We expect further substantial improvement in 
recovery in the current year also to get NNPA back to pre-covid level in the coming 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 27 
4-5 quarters. In this process we expect that coverage ratio also to improve – with 
TW over 70% and without TW over 50% in a few quarters. 
 
The overall SMA 2 to total advance now stands at 1.82%. It used to be around 6% 
during pre-Covid. Our standard restructured asset also reduced to 2.85% of total 
advances as of March 2023 from the peak of 5.91% to total advances in Sep-2021. 
 
As you all know we had tied up with 6 insurance companies covering life, general 
and non-life insurance. They have also started showing results. During 2019, we 
had bancassurance commission of Rs. 9 Cr which had improved to Rs.27 Cr in FY 
23. We expect that it will improve further in the coming years. 
 
In addition to the COD increase, the non-recognition of interest subvention amount 
had also reduced our NII in the last couple of quarters and our NIM for the current 
quarter ended with 3.65% and for FY 23 it closed with 3.89%. We expect that 
there will be pressure in NIM because of deposit re-pricing is widely envisaged 
across industry. Our Cost to Income ratio for FY 23 is reduced to 38.85% as 
compared to 40.37% in FY 22. In the absence of treasury profit the CIR will stay in 
the range of 42 % - 45% in the next financial year. 
 
During mid-FY 21 at the peak of Covid, we said that we should be getting back to 
pre-covid ROA of 1.50% by second half of FY 23. During H1 FY 23, we had 
achieved a PAT of Rs.500 Cr and ROA of 1.59% with unexpected contribution from 
various quarters like treasury profit, write back from NCLT recoveries etc. Those 
opportunities are not available now.  Though there were challenges in growth, NIM 
reduction, lower contribution from other income front and also marking of NPAs in 
addition to system marked NPAs, we closed the FY 23 with ROA of 1.46% which is 
closer to our long term average of 1.50%. We hope to close FY 24 also with the 
ROA of 1.50%. NPA recovery will be a major contributor. Though there will be 
challenges in H1 FY 24 for PAT growth, it will be compensated in second half 
because of both business growth and improved NPA recovery. 
 
Our PAT had registered a growth of 23% and stood at Rs.937 Cr in FY 23 as 
against Rs.760 Cr for FY 22. This year also we expect 12% - 15% growth in annual 
profit in tune with business growth and improved recovery. 
 
To sum up, Despite headwinds in margins, base figures and growth, we expect 
that we should be closing FY 24 with decent PAT growth, substantial reduction in 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 27 
net NPA, improved coverage ratio and ROA close to our long term average of 
1.50%. So this is the overall outlook whatever we are having for the FY2024. There 
were certain unexpected issues which created some dent in the last year and those 
issues are behind us. So with these opening remarks, I open the forum for 
question. Over to you all… 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We 
have our first question from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Good evening. So just taking up from your opening remarks you mentioned that 
there will be increased focus towards retail, but also you mentioned that loan mix 
is unlikely to change in FY2024 is that what I got correctly? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, I did not say that I will concentrate on the retail. What I am trying to say is 
many of our peers have shown greater growth in the retail, but we may be thinking 
of it maybe for the 2024-2025. Currently we do not expect any major change in 
our overall loan mix is what I said. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it and as far as margins trajectory is concerned even in H1 of next fiscal do we 
feel that 3.85% to 4% will be doable or will they be relatively muted? 
N. Kamakodi: 
There will be maybe 10 to 15 basis points lower than that like whatever range we 
gave it in the past. The Q4 average is 3.65%. So our margin will be around this 
range for the current year because you will be having one end there is some 
interest rate hike has been passed on during the Q4. At the same time there will be 
impact on cost of deposit front due to repricing and hike will be there. Also we are 
having the disadvantages of not able to recognize some part of KCC subvention. So 
based on that we are making the expectation with the available data and this is 
where we are. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay full year margins will be closer to what you saw in Q4 of FY2023? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes plus or minus 10 basis points. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it and just finally in FY2024 if I understand it right you are also moving to CTC 
based salary structure for the employees? 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 27 
N. Kamakodi: 
This year’s increment will be the last of the time scale based increment and the 
actual impact of the CTC basis will be visible only next year. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay so is that why we are expecting the cost ratio to be higher this fiscal or just 
because of the lower topline? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No basically last year in the first half we had a good amount of profit from the 
treasury and also lump recovery from the NCLT accounts which gave a lot of 
addition to the other income. Those facilities are not available. As I told you more 
than Rs.200 Crores of benefits we have got from NPA slippage minus recovery 
front for FY2023 compared to the FY2022. So this year we will be getting even 
improved benefit from that slippage minus recovery front which will be 
compensating us for all the dent in the net interest income and non availability of 
other income opportunities from the treasury and all such fronts. So overall in the 
first two quarters since you do not have the opportunities from the treasury and 
we had Rs.500 Crores profit in the first half. Profitability growth over and above 
that in the first half will be challenging and it will be getting compensated in the 
second half. Despite all these things we are confident of having whatever PAT 
growth and ROA we are expecting for the next year for which we are having the 
visibility. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure Sir thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohan Mandora from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Good evening Sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir when we are guiding for a 
NIM of around 3.65% plus or minus 10 basis points for FY2024 and a ROA which in 
4Q was around 1.3% and we are guiding for a 1.5% kind of a ROA for FY2024. So 
just want to understand what will drive ROA improvement and in 1H also we have 
guided no growth in profitability vis-à-vis the last year 1H? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Major agenda whatever that will be driving is the improved recovery which we 
were not having during the 2021. Sas I told you we had the addition minus 
recovery of NPA actually let us say you had already seen about Rs.250 Crores or so 
difference between the last year and the current year and from this year to next 
year also based on our analysis of the NPA that is giving us enough comfort that 
we should be able to maintain our overall ROA number and PAT growth 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 27 
simultaneously seeing the reduction in the net NPA number also. Major driver for 
PAT growth this year along with the growth in the business in the second half 
major driver is going to be the improvement in the recovery as we have 
demonstrated compared to between FY2023 to FY2022 in terms of slippage minus 
recovery. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir what will be the expected credit cost that we are billing for FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See actually if you look into the presentation the provision you made net of the 
recoveries you made in the technical write-off, it comes to about 90 basis point for 
the FY2023. The similar number was about 0.82 for FY2018 and 54 basis points for 
the FY2019 which increased to about 1.5 and 1.3 in subsequent quarters. So what 
I basically want to convey is that you have already seen Rs.200 Crores increase in 
the addition minus collection between FY2022 to FY2023. We expect similar jump 
in the current year also. 
Rohan Mandora: 
So the net slippages that you are saying there will roughly? 
N. Kamakodi: 
As you have seen already the SMA2 numbers have also substantially come down. 
The restructured standard assets have also started substantially come down. So 
our incremental both in terms of the slippage we expect a reduction and also the 
recovery numbers are also improving what we have already started seeing. So 
these items are going to be a major driver for the PAT growth and  improvement of 
ROA for the FY2023-FY2024. 
Rohan Mandora: 
So the credit cost can fall down to 50 to 60 basis points for FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
I do not have an exact number. It will finally depend upon where you want to keep 
your net NPA because that will be a moving target so that is why I will have some 
flexibility on that and that is why I give you a broader picture on this. That decision 
we will be taking as we enter into the year. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure and secondly on the loan growth. For FY2024 like when we are taking about 
the back ended growth and the target of 12% to 15% so just want to understand 
like are there any newer products that we would look to launch or any 
geographical expansion or this is going to be mainly coming from the same 
geographies and the same product profile that we are operating in. When we are 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 27 
seeing the growth will be back ended in the year? What kind of a growth one can 
expect in the first half vis-à-vis the period and number of March 2023? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The point is the current level of growth rate only will be there in the first half. As I 
told you we had in fact pulled down the approval rate for new customers from 
about around 50% to 25% just before the COVID and we thought we will be 
releasing that in the FY2022-2023 and keeping that in mind only I also shared with 
you all that we will be going for a better growth rate. We had to revisit the entire 
processes and put in place and those things are almost completed and also to 
ensure for the better measurement of risk we are also in the process of tying with 
BCG so that our existing digital lending processes for MSME loans also needs some 
amount of fine tuning and all. Those things like maybe the current level of growth 
will be continuing for the next couple of quarters. These issues will take a shape 
and we will be in a position to see improved growth rate in second half. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure Sir and lastly the question that I wanted to ask was that on this approval rate 
of 25%. So it is a function that the proposal that we are getting from the market 
right now are not credit worthy enough to be sanctioned or is it just from a process 
perspective, we continue to remain slightly more conservative and that why is the 
approval rate is low? 
N. Kamakodi: 
If you remember, along with the Q2 results of the FY2019-FY2020 before COVID, 
we said we are tightening our growth and we are taking our legs off the growth 
pedal. At that point of time, we tightened and the inflow is almost average. At the 
beginning of the last financial year, we did not have confidence. In the middle of 
the year, we started getting the confidence. We said we will be starting to open 
that but unfortunately we could not do that last year so we are starting to open 
that. At the same time, fine tuning the other digital processes are also going to 
happen parallelly so this is how we see this year will pan out to be. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure Sir thanks. I will get back in the queue for other questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prakhar Agarwal from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir just taking forward from the last participant’s 
question in terms of growth that we saw was it also a function of competitive 
intensity on the ground or something? How do you look at MSME ecosystem 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 27 
around wherein you are dealing with in terms of health and that is why our 
approval rate was slow and what was the logic behind not increasing the approval 
rate from earlier that you talked about from 25% that we reduced during COVID? 
Why was it not raised during the second half which you anticipated it to increase? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See as I told you it has nothing to do with the competitive intensity or anything like 
that. The major item that happened in the second half particularly on the 
restructured assets, regulatory inspection, divergence and all, we had to learn 
some lessons and we had to ensure that the internal things are taken care of and 
those things do not happen again. To ensure all the things are in place, we decided 
to postpone our time taken to push for the growth so we just continued with 
whatever we had done during the pre COVID. Those issues are now by and large 
behind us. At the same time some fine tuning is necessary which we have found 
out that in our digital processes particularly on the measurement of risk, revisiting 
our model and all, we are starting that process  and it will take one or two quarters 
to settle. So keeping all these things into account I am giving you the thing. Apart 
from that, this is not because of the competitive intensity or this is not because of 
we are not getting proposals etc. So we have to ensure that whatever we take 
from this point of time, we will be able to push for the growth without any hassle 
for the next 10 years or so. Some amount of internal fine tuning, we are in the 
process of doing. We are almost there and with this association of BCG. Once it is 
complete all the integration has to happen properly after which we will be in a 
position to push growth fully. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Sure Sir. Sir your thoughts on any stress that you will probably see on MSME side 
or do you look at MSME ecosystem and heath around those are there any red flag 
that you are seeing in the segment that you operate in terms of health of those 
customers? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See as I have clearly given to you the SMA2 numbers are at a historical low. I have 
not seen these types of low SMA2 numbers in my life in my total experience. 
Similarly even less than 4% of SMA1 and SMA2 and all in my life, I have not at all 
seen. So the health of the MSME is decent. Whatever issues that were there they 
had got washed off during the COVID period. By and large those things are almost 
over and that is when I conveyed that going forward for the current year we will 
be seeing both reduction in the slippage. More than that, there will be increase in 
the recovery. Overall the addition minus recovery will be showing even good 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 27 
improvement like whatever we have seen between FY2022 and FY2023 and that is 
giving me enough confidence to say that both in terms of PAT growth and ROA we 
should be in a position to handle it for the whole year but we will be having issues 
in the first half because we had Rs.500 Crores profit after tax last year which was 
supported by treasure profit and also lumpy recovery from the NCLT cases which 
are not available in the first half of this year. So in first half growth in the PAT may 
not be good but the year as a whole we are able to have visibility to see growth 
both in terms of PAT and also having a lower NPA and ROA crossing our historical 
average. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Sure Sir. Just one more question on margins. So when we say that we probably for 
the full year next year we will have similar levels what we saw for FY2023 which is 
3.65 plus or minus 10 basis points and on the other hand we also say that probably 
because of the deposits cost rising there might be some pressure. So how exactly 
we are going to maintain because we are going to see some higher rates in first 
half and how exactly we are going to maintain an exit run rate of 3.65 because 
there will be some size which is there? 
N. Kamakodi: 
When I say that number the impact of all these things are already built in. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Got it and just one last thing in terms of recoveries from written off accounts. What 
was that number for the full year FY2023 and how do you think that particular line 
item plays through in FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Basically we had in terms of suit recoveries we had a Rs.294 Crores for FY2022-
FY2023 vis-à-vis Rs.188 Crores last year. That is why when I gave the information 
do not just look into the write off of recovery. If you consider both recovery of the 
written off accounts and also the recovery of live accounts together if we consider 
it as a recovery the growth in the FY2022-FY2023 is about Rs.250 Crores in 
addition to whatever you had in the FY2022 so this year we expect further 
improvement on that line. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 27 
Jai Mundhra: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity Sir. Sir my first question is on agri 
slippages related subvention loss of net interest income. I remember last quarter 
there was Rs.32 Crores loss of net income because of this subvention slippages 
was there any such element in this quarter as well? 
N. Kamakodi: 
There is no reversal like that Rs.20 Crores to Rs.32 Crores what we did last year 
but we could not recognize about Rs.25 Crores or so income in this quarter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So Sir the NIM declined this quarter is mainly because of the rise in cost of deposit 
right which is more or less? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Say around 5 to 6 basis points contribution will be from the non recovery of what 
you call the agricultural thing. Also you might have seen the cost of deposits has 
increased from 4.60 to 5.07 which is about 45 basis points. While there is about 15 
basis points only is the increase of yield on advances. Some passing of rates has 
happened in this quarter for the advances so there will be some increase in the 
yield on advances in the current quarter. So considering both whatever we have 
passed on and also the expected increase in the cost of deposits we conveyed the 
expected net interest margin. Another point what you also need to see about not 
less than 15 to 20 basis points impact because of the lowered CD ratio. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right and may be the higher slippages this quarter as well right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It is even lower than whatever slippage we recognized in the Q3 so sequentially 
that impact it is already like say to a greater extent built in. In fact it is 
advantageous compared to whatever margin we had in the previous quarter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right so Sir hypothetically let say this quarter RBI inspection and everything is 
done for this agri slippages we cannot accrue the lost interest or there is a case 
that you can start accruing from Q1 onwards? You will anyway accrue but can you 
recoup that lost interest? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See the receipt of the first installment is a very good sign. We do not want to 
commit or over promise anything. Since it has been found out we have completed 
all the compliance process and audit, we have submitted papers to them and one 
installment has already come in. So hopefully the impact may not be as bad what 
we thought originally but we do not want to take a chance. We will go for accrual 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 27 
when we feel it is okay to go for accrual. Till that point of time we would like to 
just leave it as such and wait for the finality on this matter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right so these are standard accounts right Sir? They are not NPA? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No these are all standard accounts. See basically the logic is may be for the benefit 
of everyone let me repeat. You have what is called as KCC scheme in which 
interest subvention is given by the government to borrower. Normally what 
happens is that for getting that interest subvention a question was asked to us 
whether we have calculated the amount eligible for the borrower based on the 
scale of finance. So we had done a thorough exercise, went account by account 
and tried to find out what proportion of the accounts are full filling the norms and 
what proportion of the accounts are not full filling the norms. By and large we 
expect a very small proposition overall our audit says that maximum amount of 
these accounts are fulfilling the criteria of the scale of finance. Basically what 
happens is that government gives about 1.5% to the bank and 3% to the borrower 
if they repay within one and a half years. So basically this 3.5% is what we are not 
able to recognize at this point of time so we have full filled and by account by 
account we have taken the thorough exercise and it is audited by the external 
chartered accountants. The final compliance is already submitted for approval. 
Normally how it happens is that, the payment by the government may get delayed 
by two years to three years and these things will be in accrued and in receivable 
basis. Receipt will happen something down the line and this time after all this 
issues came in to picture also, we have received one installment for our past due 
which is a very good sign. So once we reach a stage where the back logs are 
cleared then we will get the confidence that we can go for recognizing the accrual. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right no so what I wanted to check is this is KCC loan so the installment is once in 
a year only right or there are multiple installments? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. If they become NPA within 15 days they will get auctioned and you will be 
recovering. It will be finding a path in the overall NPA in the jewel loan. That part 
is about Rs.10 Crores in the total outstanding slippage and that Rs.10 Crores also 
will be from the jewel loan accounts where the borrower is deceased or he is not 
available locally, court procedures or stay is pending or something like that. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 27 
Jai Mundhra: 
No Sir I was saying Sir if the KCC loan has only one installment annually and we 
have already received that right then what is stopping you from recognizing the 
interest which is already received in cash? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The problem is you will be getting only 4% interest from the borrower. Another 
4.5% will be received from the government so that 4.5% originally we will be 
accruing. Even after we give the jewel back to the borrower that 4.5% income we 
will be recognizing on an accrual basis and the government may be paying that 
account in due course. When that objection of scale of finance came, the doubts 
were raised whether we will be getting that 4.5% whether we will be eligible. We 
have to demonstrate that we should be eligible for that 4.5% which we have done 
now by and large so once it is approved we will get the money. The first 
installment has now come. One installment has come after this issue came out to 
light. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Any how many installments are there Sir so let us say? 
N. Kamakodi: 
We do not know. It depends upon the budgetary approval so the government will 
make some approval and send it to the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank 
of India will be distributing this money to all banks in proportion basis so the actual 
payment is depending upon how much money that is transferred by the 
government to the Reserve Bank of India. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And let us say in Q1 everything is sorted? Let us say it becomes very clear that you 
have the necessary documents to prove that these are eligible agri subvention loan 
so do you receive the backlog also or the Q4 and Q3 interest just does not come 
back? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No what I am trying to say is that once I get all installments up to FY2022, now I 
have received only part of FY2021. So it will happen with a delay of let us say at 
governments’ own time line. We cannot force anything. It happens at its own pace 
so once we get for whatever demand we have raised, once we get dues for 
FY2022, I will start recognizing on accrual basis the FY2023. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question from the line of Darpin Shah 
from Haitong India. Please go ahead. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 27 
Darpin Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir a couple of questions. The first one was on 
slippages front. Did I hear right you mentioned that there was some standard 
accounts that were borderline and this you recognized the slippages or NPA during 
the quarter? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. See basically these accounts were not NPAs. Your system basically gives 
based on the 90 day overdue as NPA. It will immediately throw that. There are a 
few accounts which might not have cross 90 days on March 31 ,2023 but are 
showing continuous signs of sickness based on the learning whatever we had in 
the previous years and so we had more than what is marked by the system. Some 
amount of accounts we had added in this quarter. 
Darpin Shah: 
Sir if you can quantify them? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It could be about Rs.75 Crores to Rs.80 Crores. 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay and Sir was there any interest reversal also in this or just because they are 
standard there was no interest reversal? 
N. Kamakodi: 
All built in. For others if it is more than 90 days the reversal would be lower let us 
say since they have their last installment which could be less than two installments 
or so. It will be proportionately lower. 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay and Sir the second question is on loan books. Now your comments indicate 
that in the life span which you have seen, we have not seen this extended to at 
such low levels and still we are guiding for 12% to 15% growth only so where is 
the disconnect Sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The disconnect is when you analyze the growth of most of our peer banks or 
whatever the substantial growth had been done by them in terms of retail 
advances like say home loans, vehicle loans or the what you call co-lending and 
things like that which we may not be doing in the FY2023-FY2024 also. So this 
12% to 14% growth also like say I am discounting Q1 as usual you may not be 
having big growth. So for me taking into consideration of overall growth rate of the 
system for the current year, you might have also heard about even today’s 
comment from the State Bank of India, the overall credit growth of the system for 
the current year is also expected to be moderated. We will be taking one step at a 
time. Many of our peers who have shown substantial growth in 14%, 15% and 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 27 
16%, the significant growth has come from the retail and other things which at this 
point of time we are not entering. We will consider probably at the end of the 
current year or for the future, so I am not taking those things for my growth 
projections in the current year. 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay thanks a lot for this. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI. 
Please go ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for giving the opportunity. Sir just kind of a repetition 
could be sorry for that. As you said for FY2023 there could be a dip in the margin 
as compared to last year and there could be a chance of cost to income ratio which 
is around 38% to 39% could increase to 40% to 41% so maintenance of ROA is 
completely dependent upon the recovery in the asset quality front. So can you 
guide for the credit cost for the full year FY2024 because if I see the 33 slide 
number credit cost for this year seems to be the lower among the last five years or 
equivalent to last five years as such so what should be the credit cost we should 
take for the FY2024 as such? 
N. Kamakodi: 
I answered this question also earlier so I am not giving you any specific number on 
the credit cost because it depends on where we will be closing the net NPA. So that 
is why I am giving you a broader number. The NPA addition minus NPA recovery 
between the FY2022 and FY2023 is improved by about Rs.250 Crores so we expect 
the similar improvement on that front in the current year also. We expect a good 
moderation in the slippage. We also expect good improvement in the recovery. 
This difference will be as I told you about Rs.240 odd Crores got added that was 
the incremental benefit for me to my P&L between the FY2022 and FY2023. The 
addition minus recovery for FY2023 is Rs.222 Crores, whereas last year it was 
Rs.481 Crores which means about Rs.260 Crores of benefit I received because of 
this parameter. I expect an improvement on this particular number this year which 
will be helping me both in terms of protecting my PAT growth and also improving 
my net NPA position and also the coverage ratio. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Thank you Sir and sorry for this repetition. Sir credit growth you said 12% to 15% 
for FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes which will be back ended. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 27 
Bunty Chawla: 
Back ended. Okay thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amish Thakkar from Siguler 
Guff India Adviser Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Thank you very much for taking my question. I just wanted to understand what 
kind of steps you have taken in terms of your processes and any lapse you have 
had in terms of asset quality which lead to the regulatory diversion and is that 
completely over? Do you see any like next couple of quarters you will probably 
would try to perfect it and what gives you confidence that those issues will not pop 
up again and as you get on the growth strategy? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See let us be honest about it. We had this divergence issues the second time and 
about seven to eight years back we had once. When other banks had hundreds 
and thousands of Crores in between after the AQR and all, we did not have much 
issue. What is the fundamental item is when you automate your NPA recognition 
the system when it throws something you will not have any issue about it. But 
there are many items which are nonfinancial and which are subjected to lot of 
interpretation where there will always be difference in the judgment how it is being 
perceived. Particularly when you take a call during the audit and subsequently after 
three to four months after you will also have the other information of what you call 
the operations in between. Even last year when the divergence happened you 
could have clearly seen about 25% to 30% of that had already been marked as 
NPA in the next subsequent first couple of quarters because they were all 
recognized by the systems. I do not think anybody will be able to say with 100% 
conviction that nothing will be there. Because when the system throws something 
there is absolutely nothing different but when it comes to the perception things 
changes. Last year the perception was basically different on the restructured cases 
where the issues were given and there were issues in the data of recognition of the 
NPA. Those things are behind us so taking into consideration all these things that is 
why I told even those accounts which are not recognized by the system but we 
have recognized which are showing some signs of sickness though they were not 
strictly coming under the 90 day norm, we applied some extra subjectivity and 
tried to ensure that we are on the right side of the recognition. So this is the best 
we could do and we have gone even to the next level. Then rest all we have to 
leave to the almighty. We have done everything possible in our control to do that 
and as you know it is a matter of reputation. No MD or no management will take 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 27 
chances on these things knowingly but when the perception and when the different 
views are coming, we are helpless and there will not be anything in your hand to 
save the day. Last year also we took everything in our care to do that. This year 
also and every quarter and every time we take whatever that is in the best 
interest. Six to seven years back when it came it was not the era of automatic NPA 
recognition. I think in 2016 we had to declare one time and it had happened for 
the second time unexpectedly and nobody would like to keep their reputation at 
stake when we declare the results and also we discussed this point with our 
statutory central auditors also. Both audit committee and all members also asking 
this question multiple times so we have taken everything in our control and even 
on the grey items we have taken our best possible items beyond which it is for the 
almighty to take a call. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Okay thank you and I just had another couple of questions on your credit to 
deposit ratio. So you have in the credit to deposit ratio has compressed by a couple 
of hundred basis points since COVID and that is putting pressure on your NIM 
margin. Any guidance on that? And within deposits you have mentioned in the past 
that you do not want to give any guidance on CASA till you reach 30% CASA ratio? 
Now you are there for the last couple of years so any guidance on CASA going 
forward? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See on CASA front basically we took a few steps particularly on the government 
CASA front in the last two to three years which have been helping us to improve 
our CASA front. We have been taking our best effort. You have started seeing the 
results and there will be always some fluctuations here and there. I will give you 
may be few more quarters. Once I get a total control. You have started seeing the 
improvement let it be. Let us see how things move forward and on the other front 
what is that you were asking. 
Amish Thakkar: 
CD ratio used to be 86%? It has come down to 84% now? 
N. Kamakodi: 
CD ratio is something we have to take a call depending upon the surplus liquidity in 
the system and overall credit growth etc. So we decided to not squeeze till the last 
point and it will be staying over there for may be few more months till we see that 
we get a comfort to squeeze it to our old average. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Sir one last question on gold loan. It is 25% of your book now? It used to be less 
than 20% so it is again one of the focus areas for our loan book growth in the last 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 27 
two to three years. Sir going forward any guidance and also your NPAs on gold 
loan are negligible compared to rest of the book? Your system average is 3.5% so 
if you remove gold loan the NPA on non gold loan for the book is even higher so 
any guidance on gold loan going forward and also your yields on gold loans some 
are around less than 10% versus the two listed NBFCs are close to 20% and there 
are all sorts of players between that range from both yield side as well as ticket 
size perspective so any guidance in terms of how you look at that product going 
forward? 
N. Kamakodi: 
As you might have observed a significant portion of our gold loan is basically for 
the classification of agriculture which we have to mandatorily do and after the 
scale of finance issue there was some moderation. Our stand had been that, we 
will do it as we require it to achieve the agricultural target and also where ever we 
have surplus capacity and wherever we are not able to build our SME book we go 
for the gold loan. It has been very favorable to us and we can never come to the 
listed gold loan NBFC average of 20% yield. There are fundamental difference in 
the portfolio itself, particularly the classification of agriculture so that when we 
start seeing the growth rate of MSME increases we always have higher risk 
adjusted yield there at that point of time. If you had seen over a period of 15 years 
or so our bank, we started with single digit, increased that to about 18%, and after 
2014 gold price crash, we got it back to single digit. Then once again we increased 
that. Whenever we felt we were not comfortable during the COVID period, we gave 
a thrust to these things so we will use it as an opportunity to grow when we feel 
that the growth opportunity on MSME loan has come back. So broadly our average 
will be about 12% to 15% and the fluctuations, the extremes could be about 27% 
to 28% depending upon the requirement. In fact beyond 25% itself we are not 
very happy about it. Let us see how it moves forward. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohan Mandora from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir thanks for the opportunity again. Sir I just wanted to understand in terms of the 
aggregator and the ONDC how are we placed right now or is it the BCC period that 
we are doing is with respect to getting onboard with respect to many of these 
things and especially as we understand many of the large private sector banks 
have made a significant development and that is helping them gain almost 25% to 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 27 
30% growth in the loan segment which is our core focus area. So the point which 
was asked earlier in reference to competitive pressure, are we seeing competitive 
pressure emerging from those kind of lending as well which is taking market share 
from us? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No not exactly. Those sort of things are basically happening at a level lower than 
our segment of say the Rs.1 Crores to Rs.5 Crores segment or whatever it is. The 
smaller segment this is there. We have already getting ourselves ready for ONDC 
for which the enrollment process has started and on the account aggregator 
framework in fact we wanted to be sponsor for one account aggregator but we 
could not get the necessary approval when the concept came about three to four 
years back. We are also in the process of doing that. All these things should be 
getting completed in the next couple of quarters. We are already on the job. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan 
an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajakumar V: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question, you are saying 
that you do not expect significant treasury income in the first two quarter. I just 
saw that the government bond yield has come down significantly in this current 
quarter so you should be able to get some decent treasury income for the Q1 
right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
You will see appreciation only for those government security purchases you made 
between the yields of the current yield and the peak yield whatever you saw. You 
never had surplus liquidity in that period to make the maximum entry. It can at the 
best reduce your mark to market loss and if you have to book a small profit you 
have to sell a big portfolio which is not going to help you in a very big way like 
what we saw in the last year comparative period. 
Rajakumar V: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Jani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 27 
Gaurav Jani: 
Thank you Sir. Just firstly a couple of question on the margins, so from a full year 
perceptive we saw about nine basis points decline in the margins in FY2023 so do I 
understand correctly you mentioned we will be somewhere in the 3.65 to 3.7 range 
on an average basis in the entire of FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
At this point of time, our expectations are also almost closer to this. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Okay Sir just to take that point forward, frankly this year barring even the one offs 
the yields have not gone substantially higher like we saw in the case of other banks 
despite we having a higher portfolio? 
N. Kamakodi: 
You are right. Because of the shocks from the multiple unexpected quarters and 
also loss in income because of multiple factors, we were little bit lagging. We 
lagged in passing. One reason is that even before that we had passed, if you 
closely look into and even before increase in the external bench marks, we had 
been getting the yield at a reasonably higher level and in fact. Since we had other 
items to look into, some amount of passing has happened during the current 
quarter and small visibility will be there when we see the current quarter number 
but your observation is right. Others increased the rates more than what we had 
done but still in most of the cases our current level of yield is almost equal to most 
of our peers or even slightly more. 
Gaurav Jani: 
What proportion of our loan book would have been repriced on an average basis in 
FY2023 post rate hikes? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes almost the entire book. I think except about 10% odd all have seen a 
transmission of rate hikes and the transmission of the exact number had been 
depending upon the rating, depending upon the quantum and other. As you might 
have seen for 2% to 2.5% increase in the external benchmark rating overall 
average yield increase for the system had been reported to be about 1% to 1.25%. 
About four to five months in the last two hikes before the yearend we had been 
little bit slower in the transmission. We have tried to compensate it by whatever 
extent possible. The basic difference was that the last pass was something which 
we did not expect. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Understood and Sir on the deposit side so what proportion of deposits are 
repriced? 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 27 
N. Kamakodi: 
Almost about 40% to 50% got repriced and we had also reduced the peak interest 
rate whatever we had been given during the pre COVID so some amount of the 
incremental thing like incremental increase will be getting moderated. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure so what I understand is because 50% of deposits are yet to be repriced that 
we expect the margin decline in FY2024? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. The margin decline is going to be for everybody. We are also going to have 
that so there is still some amount of repricing in the deposit side left. You already 
have a benchmark during the Q4 of about 3.65 so we have to consider the 
potential repricing effect. We have to consider a potential increase that could 
happen in the yield on advances. So there could be some changes in the CD ratio 
also positively. Taking all these things into consideration only we said this can be 
taken plus or minus 10 basis points going forward. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure just last bit, did I understand correctly so FY2023 you saw net slippages of 
about Rs.517 Crores? This number you expect this to be lower because of higher 
recoveries? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes what I clearly gave is say consider both recovery from the live and technical 
written off together. There should be improvement in the recovery and there 
should be expansion in this number is what I am trying to say. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir thanks for the opportunity. Sir firstly, looking at this TW number, which is close 
to around Rs.1350 Crores to Rs.1400 Crores. So the recovery from TW would be 
lower going forward as compared to what we have seen in past especially in this 
year and recovery for NPA would be higher correct? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. What I am trying to say is there could be improvement in both. Basically when 
we recover and when we go for our recovery procedures, we do not differentiate 
the procedure for a live account and for technically written off account. How you 
get the response is something which you cannot have a total control. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 27 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it and how this TW number would be? What would be the average maturity 
like these are two years old and three years old so what is the average blended 
maturity of this Rs.1300 Crores to Rs.1400 Crores number? 
N. Kamakodi: 
One to three years will substantially cover about 80% of them roughly. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
One to three years okay and Sir in this quarter particularly there is a very sharp 
movement in the cost of term deposit. So anything specific like if we see the trend 
like there was hardly any movement in Q1? Obviously because considering that 
average maturity of deposit what we have based on disclosed number, this quarter 
we have seen very sharp jump more than 50 bps jump in the term deposit cost so 
anything very particular to it if you can help Sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The last quarter of the last financial year, even public sector banks getting to even 
8% interest for the term deposits  and we have even offered 7.5% and 8% for the 
term deposits. Normally you say 25% repricing happening every quarter and over 
the period of time, the deposits which were maturing were at about 6% to 6.5% 
and there were about 1% to 1.5% or even 1.75% incremental cost for that 
deposits which were maturing which resulted in the increasing cost of deposits. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay and Sir there was reported number on the yield on advances showing 
increment of around 15 bps on a reported basis but on a calculated basis this 
number is kind of a bit volatile. Any higher amount of advances that we have taken 
in the book at the end of the period something like that? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No we have not gone for any portfolio buyout or anything. These are all absolutely 
the regular advances. You will not be in a position to exactly calculate because 
when it comes to the daily average there will be fluctuations in terms of the cash 
credit utilization and things like that. We have not gone for any portfolio buyout in 
the last year. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it Sir. Thanks a lot Sir and all the best to you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shankar V S from 
Freelance. Please go ahead. 
Shankar V S: 
Sir good evening. Can you kindly explain on the scope for engaging BCG? Any 
specific to lending or some restructuring of the organization like that? 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 27 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. They are going to help us in terms of looking into the risk measurement, 
modeling of portfolio and looking into the loan organization to the sanction of 
digital lending process basically. We are not looking into changing the 
organizational structure. This is purely for the business process reengineering of 
the lending processes from the customer experience, renewal, from the loading of 
proposals into the loan origin system to loan sanction and disbursal. This is what 
we are engaging with them. 
Shankar V S: 
So I understand that we will be having digitally underwritten loan model. Is that 
right Sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. 
Shankar V S: 
Sir in continuation of it, if we are engaging BCG and investing on this digital end to 
end platforms and also obviously we will be incurring an upfront cost wherein the 
benefits of the same we could be realizing or getting it about some quarters after 
that maybe next year even. So could that upfront investment make any additional 
pressure on the margins you expect? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The cost is not significant. It will be less than 3% to 4% of the annual profit what 
the bank is making and it will be having any significant impact on the overall P&L. 
Shankar V S: 
Understood Sir. Thank you Sir. Thank so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Just wanted to check on one of the airline exposure that we had there was some 
restructuring by the airline to a leaser right which wherein they have got the dues 
converted to equity? Does that necessarily mean that this is a second structuring 
and hence it could become technically NPA for the lenders? While I believe we 
have provided but wanted to check can that become NPA? 
N. Kamakodi: 
As far as we do not expect that for us the reason being they had given a 
repayment schedule and they have repaid up to almost 75% of the overall 
outstanding and there is only one installment left which they have to cover it by 
June 30, 2023 so that is where the things currently stand as of now for us. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 27 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay understood. Sir if you can refresh what is the provisions how is the exposure 
now as of March and I believe we have 100% provision there so what would be 
reduced exposure? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The outsourcing currently is around Rs.25 Crores or so. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And that will be 100% provisions right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhilash Hiran an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir can you explain the reasons for not entering into the consumption space 
lending? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Basically like as a policy right from the beginning the banks original DNA had been 
to fund the creation of business assets and not for consumption and also over a 
period of time we had passed through multiple cycles. I had seen this in 2003 – 
2004 and multiple cycles when people rush for the unsecured segment and some 
amount of heat comes in the future. So far our original ethos had not supported us 
taking the decision for the retail but days are changing. We also need to be open. 
We are waiting and watching the situation. Once after this digitization is completed 
and after perfecting the model and also when we are comfortable and confident 
that our risk measurement will be able to price the risk appropriately and identity 
appropriately, we will think about taking these decisions in the future. At this time, 
we have not made any major change in our overall policies whatever we have done 
in the past 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir can you explain which other sectors we would not be opened to lending apart 
from the consumptions sector? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Nothing like that. The overall MSME commercial trading and agriculture together 
constitute to so much. We have always restrained ourselves from entering large 
consortiums. In fact whatever we could do in the last two decades most of the 
things, the credits were not for doing something extraordinary but for not doing 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 27 
many wrong things so that it saved us during the AQRs and other things. Even 
when many of our peers went in a big way, we decided not to go for that and we 
were proved right subsequently so we see that way. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir just looking at the last annual reports, I am just populating the segmental 
results numbers, we see that the segment result numbers from treasury to the 
total segment result numbers is increasing whereas the whole sale banking and 
retail banking is slightly decreasing. Is it like there is some structural change in the 
retail and the whole sale book which the pricing we are not able to price in the 
correct risk so that we are not able to get required results as far as the core 
banking is concerned whereas the treasury has been contributing to the higher 
segment results which gets populated in the annual report? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Do not look at that way. When your balance sheet grows you have more in terms 
of your treasury and there is income what you get from the interest income and 
also the profit what you book particularly getting into the integrated treasury 
operations. It also improves and last two to three years the growth in the core 
banking segment had been muted because of so many factors so that probably 
might have made you to see a pattern like that but we do not see that way. We 
have not made any conscious effort to change the overall structure as in the way 
you foresee. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir because it is just the numbers which are being reported and I can see? 
N. Kamakodi: 
I full agree with you. It is because of the external environment and we do not 
expect that to continue in the future. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sorry Sir to push here because the numbers have been dropping from 2014 and 
nothing to do with? It is just pre COVID numbers also I am seeing that from the 
wholesale and retail is? 
N. Kamakodi: 
You see the combination of wholesale and retail together and treasury together 
how do you see the numbers contribution. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir if I just look from 2014 so say from 2011 it was 22% treasury to the mix, 31% 
wholesale and 43% retail banking which in 2014 which increased to 43% to 53% 
in retail banking and which fell again from 53% to 36% and 44% and which is 
again at the same level so these are pre COVID numbers I am taking not even? 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 27 
N. Kamakodi: 
One minute. What is the treasury number at your beginning and what is the 
treasury number. Do not segregate wholesale and retail differently. There are a lot 
of reclassification happened in between because of the definitions changed in the 
MSME act and things like that. The contribution of the treasury fluctuates 
depending upon which side of the interest rate cycle you are in. We do not 
envisage any major difference over there. The reference point may not be a point 
that should be seen. We do not see it that way. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir, can you also provide for the credit? In the subsequent annual report could you 
provide also separately the credit cost for retail and wholesale? As for the segment 
analysis which is being reported in the annual report? Not only the way we put in 
the presentation but the way we put in the annual report as far as the segment 
results go? Can you provide? 
N. Kamakodi: 
My suggestion will be look into the whole sale banking and retail banking together 
as the core banking and further hair splitting I do not think it is not going to serve 
any purpose. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay Sir thank you so much for your time Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Thanks Sir for the opportunity. Just one question with respect to tax rate, this 
quarter it is looking slightly lower side. Any specific reason that we could not get to 
know from the disclosures? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It is basically depends upon the expected tax that should be paid and also if you 
look into the annual basis by and large you do not see any difference in that. On 
an annualized basis you will not see much fluctuation. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir the write off amount which is looking slightly on a higher side. Does that have 
any impact on the tax rate? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It will definitely have. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay thank you. Thank you Sir. Thank you so much Sir. 

  
 
City Union Bank Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 27 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Thank you all for attending. Last year despite having the shocks overall the things 
had ended well. This year also even though we expect headwinds in multiple 
parameters like cost of funds or other aspects, overall we feel because of the 
better contribution in terms of slippages and recovery whatever improvement we 
have seen between the FY2022-FY2023, we should be seeing the similar 
betterment here. First half there could be something but the year as a whole we 
are confident of seeing both ROA growth and also the reduction in the net NPA. At 
the same time as you might have seen other things are also behind us so hopefully 
the FY2023-FY2024 also we should be having an overall profitability well in line 
with whatever we had discussed with you. So let us hope for the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
