 
 
 
 
Date: -3rd August, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter ended on 
30th June, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Thursday, 27th July, 2023 on the financial result of the Company 
for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2023. 
 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Vice President (Legal), Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
AJAY PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
AJAY PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2023.08.03 
11:03:19 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 27, 2023 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sona Comstar 
Q1FY24 earnings group conference call. Please note all participant lines are 
in the listen-only mode as of now, there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes.  
 
Please note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your 
line on mute except when asking a question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details.  
 
The management will not be taking any specific customer-related questions 
or confirm or deny any customer names or relationships due to 
confidentiality reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your 
question.  
 
Now, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and 
Digital Commerce Research, India, and lead auto analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Good day, everyone. To take us through Q1FY24 results and to answer your 
questions, we have the entire senior management team of Sona Comstar. 
We have Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD and Group CEO, Mr. Kiran Deshmukh 
Group CTO, Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO - Motor Business, Mr. Vikram Verma, 
CEO - Driveline Business, Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO, Mr. Amit Mishra, Head 
Investor Relations and Mr. Pratik Sachan DGM Corporate Strategy and 
Investor Relations. I will hand over the call to Mr. Vivek for his opening remarks 
followed by the presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, and welcome everyone to the earnings call of what has 
once again been the highest-ever quarterly EBITDA.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
But first, as is our practice when talking to our shareholders, we let bad news 
take the elevator while good news takes the stairs. As highlighted in the last 
earnings call as well, the EV Two-wheeler industry continues to face issues 
around FAME II subsidy reduction and the related fallout on pricing and 
demand. This has meant an almost 25 crore negative impact on our sales 
this quarter from what would have been. We estimate that for the full year, 
we should see a 100 to 120 crore negative impact on the budgeted revenue 
from this category. However, having said that we still expect traction motors 
to be our fastest-growing product segment because this will happen on the 
back of new programs and new customer additions. EV Two-wheeler motors 
have relatively lower margins than our other products. So the corresponding 
impact on EBITDA and profit should be smaller.  
 
Now come to the good news part of it, which is, which far outweighs the 
bad. In financial terms, we achieved our highest-ever EBITDA in Q1FY24. This 
is despite marginally lower sequential revenue. We've also begun FY24 with 
some meaningful new wins in both Motor and Driveline businesses that give 
us the confidence that we are moving swiftly on a long-term strategy. Three 
of the new programs, also mark our entry into three distinct new market 
segments that we had not been addressing before. We have additionally 
made substantial progress on our technology roadmap by partnering with a 
road-tested technology partner in Equipmake. And this is to enter the high-
voltage motor and inverter space.  
 
The macro view of the markets we serve also remains positive with light 
vehicle sales in both the US and Europe growing by double digits on a year-
on-year basis in Q1, growth continues to look robust in most of our markets. 
The Indian market also did well in passenger cars and was I would say flattish 
in CV and off-highway. So overall continues to look positive. 
 
Slide 4:  
 
Now coming to the numbers. On a year-on-year basis, our revenue grew by 
24% while EBITDA and net profit increased by 43% and 48% respectively. This 
happened because the margins have improved due to product mix as well 
as operating leverage, battery electric vehicle revenue grew by 13% and 
the BEV revenue share was at 26%. Both these metrics should have been 
higher, if not for the subsidy reduction impact on the EV Two-wheeler 
segment, which we believe should ease out going into the next few quarters. 
 
Slide 7: 
 
Now we've moved to an update on the biggest strategic priority which is 
electrification. Our BEV revenue continues to grow and we continue to build 
on our EV orderbook. In Q1, 3 programs have gone into production, two in 
the motor business and one in driveline. And this takes the number of 
programs which are active to 23. 
 
We have also added four new EV programs and one new EV customer to 
the orderbook in the last quarter. One program is for EV differential gears for 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
a North American customer and the remaining three program wins are 
substantial enough that we would like to elaborate upon them in the next 
slide.  
 
Slide 8: 
 
We wanted to emphasize these wins as they are meaningful for the future of 
both businesses, financially as well as directionally. The first one is a 
differential assembly program for a class five electric truck for a new North 
American customer. This customer is a new-age OEM of commercial 
vehicles. Last quarter if you recall, we had won our first-ever order for 
commercial vehicle differential assemblies, and by following up on that with 
the second order and that too with a new customer, we can see that the 
electric truck market, especially in North America is becoming a meaningful 
addition to our future revenue. 
 
The second one is a large volume traction motor program that we have won 
from an established Indian two-wheeler OEM who's an existing customer. This 
program is for their upcoming electric scooter model, which is expected to 
target the more let's say affordable market segment. This program is slated 
to become serial production in this financial year itself. And repeat business 
wins from the same customer are always special because if you win a 
business again for a new model that a customer is introducing, it proves our 
merit of being the first choice supplier or the first supplier. And it shows the 
faith the customer has in the quality and delivery of our product.  
 
The third new EV program win is an interesting one once again, it's a mid-
drive traction motor as well as the motor controller for this. And this is for 
electric tractor application. Like the second program, this too comes from 
an existing customer where we currently supply motors for the electric three-
wheelers. And apart from the obvious show of faith, this win is also important 
as it is the first traction motor order for tractors, and this goes to show our 
journey and the progress we are making on it.  
 
Slide 9: 
 
So two quarters ago, if you remember in Q3 of last year, we had presented 
to all of you this slide on what is our approach to electrification and how we 
intend to cover both passenger as well as commercial vehicle applications 
and all the segments of that. It gives us great pride in reporting that only in 
six months, we have secured new orders that enable us to address almost all 
the market segments in the driveline business, only one remains, 40-100 
kilowatts in commercials. In the motor business, we continue our steady 
journey moving up on both the capability access of power as well as 
voltage.  
 
When we did our first earnings call nearly two years ago, our driveline 
business used to cater only to passenger vehicles in the electric vehicle 
space. Our motor business on the other hand had barely begun in EV and 
we had a couple of EV programs contributing literally next to zero revenue. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
The progress we made in only two years is quite remarkable. I mean, 
sometimes even to ourselves. And I think this is this mindset and approach, 
one of continual addition of new products and new market segments has 
been and will remain the reason we grow much faster than our industry.  
 
Slide 10:  
 
This slide I think is a good visual summary of this section and it shows the reach 
and diversity of our electrification mission. This quarter, as you can see, we 
added one new customer in North America while adding two programs 
each in North America and India.  
 
Slide 12: 
 
This brings us to our net order book with the addition of 13 billion worth of new 
orders last quarter. At the end of Q1FY24, our net order book had expanded 
to 220 billion rupees. Two interesting things, the EV portion of this has now 
reached 78%, and if you notice the other side of it, which is non-EV, in that 
passenger vehicle is only 6%. So if we do believe that commercial vehicles 
and off-highway, are less, are going to electrify, let's say later, the business at 
risk is very, very low for us in the order book. And of course, in addition, to the 
four new EV programs that we discussed, we have also added 10 new 
programs for non-EV applications, out of which we would like to highlight 
one new win although it is non-EV. 
 
Slide 13: 
 
So we wanted to emphasize this win, as it is our first differential assembly 
program for recreational off-highway vehicles. This order is from a new global 
customer, and apart from signaling entry to get another new market, it is 
quite material from a revenue perspective as well. But most importantly, from 
a strategic perspective. This category of vehicles in our humble and limited 
opinion would be the least and last to be affected by electrification, which 
makes it a very good business development target for our starter motor 
business as well, and that's what we would hope that we would like to target 
this for that segment and try to get more traction here.  
 
Slide 15: 
 
Our fourth KRA is diversification, and on this slide, you can see that the trend 
of increasing electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues 
unhindered, and in the last two years, we've seen the ICE-dependent 
revenue shrink to only about 11%.   
 
Slide 16: 
 
Geographically the revenue mix is largely similar to the last financial year. 
North America remains steady at 43% of our revenue in Q1, which is quite 
robust growth because we have increased by 24% and to maintain that in 
such a large market means it's a very good time for North America. Second, 
after dropping to nearly 11% revenue share in Q1 last year, the European 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
market has also recovered quite strongly, and it has come back to 23% of 
our revenue which suggests a return to I would say normal demand.  
 
Coming to product mix or vehicle segment mix, the most glaring change is 
the reduction in revenue share from traction motors for electric two-wheeler 
and three-wheeler segment. And this is due to the reasons I've already 
covered earlier. The other change would be the exceptional growth in the 
differential gears business this quarter and the lack of the similar rate of 
growth or relative growth in conventional starter business. 
 
Having said this, we expect the traction motor business to gain relative 
revenue share this year and be the fastest-growing product segment for us, 
as there are several new programs that have either already begun or will 
begin in the next few months.  
 
So, with that, I turn to our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to update us on 
technology over to you, sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Slide 17: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen.   
 
Slide 18: 
 
This is our technology roadmap that we share with you every quarter. This 
quarter, I would like to highlight some important products which are about 
to move from the white area to the blue zone which is a high-voltage 
traction motors and matching liquid cool inverters. We expect to 
commercialize these products in year 2025, thanks to our recently 
concluded partnership agreement with Equipmake of the UK.  
 
Slide 19: 
 
Equipmake’s next-generation electric motors differ from the conventional 
permanent magnet machines due to their unique and patented spoke 
architecture. Here, the magnets are arranged like the spokes of a wheel, 
allowing the best use of the magnetic flux and achieving the highest torque 
density.  
 
You need to use the most powerful magnets to get the most powered dense 
electric motor. But those magnets don't like getting very hot so they must be 
kept cool. With a spoke architecture, we can have the cooling liquid very 
close to the base of the magnets, which is impossible in the conventional 
internal magnetic machines. As a result of which we can get very highly 
effective heat extraction. This efficient cooling system means we can run 
spoke motor harder and for longer. These motors are around half the size 
and about 80% of the mass of the equivalent conventional interior 
permanent magnetic motors. They are among the best in the world in power 
density. 
 
Slide 20: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
 
Equipmake’s very high torque, high power motors, high power density motors 
meet the needs of a growing electric bus and commercial vehicle market. 
The technology has been tested, proven and Equipmake has delivered 
these motors to several customers worldwide.  
 
Our agreement with Equipmake covers the EV drive trains consisting of the 
inverters and the motors in the 100 kilowatts and 440 kilowatts, 100 to 440-
kilowatt range for electric passenger cars, buses, commercial vehicles, and 
off-highway vehicles including tractors.  
 
We will have the exclusive rights to sell Equipmake’s motors and inverters in 
the licensed territory which is India, Thailand, and select South Asian markets. 
We will manufacture these products in India and supply them obviously to 
our customers in licensed territory but also to Equipmake’s other markets.  
 
In other words, our partnership with Equipmake will help us add high-voltage 
traction motors and inverters to our product offerings.  
 
With that, I hand over to Rohit to cover the financial update.   
Rohit Nanda:  
Slide 21: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh, a very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to 
share the key highlights of our first quarter numbers.   
 
Slide 22: 
 
Our revenue during the quarter grew by 24% to 732 crore rupees. Our BEV 
revenue grew by 13% to 184 crores. And as Vivek has already mentioned, it 
was affected adversely by a loss of sales in India Electric Two-Wheeler and 
Three-Wheeler market due to reduction in FAME II subsidy. Non-BEV revenue 
grew by a robust 28% to 548 crore rupees. A growth of nearly two times the 
underlying growth in our key markets of North America, Europe, and India. 
During the quarter, EBITDA grew by 43% to the highest-ever number of 203 
crores. There was a recovery of about 3.6% in EBITDA margin to 27.8%. 
Primarily due to better product mix and operating leverage. Our PAT grew 
by 48% to 112 crores reflecting the improvement in our EBITDA margin. PAT 
adjusted for exceptional expense on account of ongoing acquisition-
related diligence work grew by 51% to 114 crores. Next one, please. 
 
Slide 23: 
 
Coming on to the key ratios which is the last slide in the presentation. Our 
value addition to employee cost was stable at 6.4 times this quarter. Our 
return ratios of capital employed and return on equity continued to be 
strong with some improvements. RoCE was at 31.4% and RoE was 27.1% due 
to high year-on-year growth in the profits. Our net debt to EBITDA continues 
to be below zero, as net debt number is negative. The working capital 
turnover ratio has further improved to 4.4 times due to higher last 12-month 
revenue and fixed asset turnover ratio was slightly lower at 3.8 times primarily 
due to new capitalization done during the quarter.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
 
With this, we have come to the end of the presentation and I'll now hand the 
proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Now we are at the Q&A portion of the session. If you 
wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand function located at the 
bottom right of Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to 
speak up or you can submit your question in the Q&A chat box addressing 
to all presenters, please be reminded to keep your questions to a minimum 
of two questions. If you have more questions, please return to the queue. 
Thank you.  
 
Okay, so we have a couple of participants who have used the raise hand, 
we will start off with Ms. Gunjan. One second, your line is unmute Ms. Gunjan, 
please go ahead. Ms. Gunjan Prithyani. Are you able to speak up? Ok. So, if 
you can't speak up, you can submit your question in the chat box. We will 
now go to the second participant, Mr. Jinesh Gandhi. Please go ahead with 
your two questions. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Yeah. congrats for a very good set of numbers and a couple of questions 
from my side. One is, can you talk about drivers of gross margin 
improvement, in 1Q, we have seen a very sharp improvement in gross 
margin, so, is it just the product mix or there are also additional benefits of 
commodity, which came in and similarly, other expenses have gone up quite 
substantially on QoQ basis, so if you can clarify on these two P&L items and 
then have one more question on the business. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, Jinesh on the margin improvement side, there is no commodity benefit 
which is there in this quarter. So it's purely on account of improvement in the 
product mix and operating leverage. Sorry, what was your second question?  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Other expenses have gone up on QoQ basis. So, any one-offs there? 
Rohit Nanda: 
No, there won't be a one-offs actually other expenses will also have 
manufacturing expenses which is also a function of change in the mix. There 
are no exceptional expenses in this quarter. I mean, except for what is 
separately disclosed as exceptional expense, which is a small 3 cr. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Sure 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Just to help Jinesh understand in the driveline business raw material expenses 
are relatively lower but manufacturing expenses are much higher because 
there we start from steel and build everything in-house. In the motor business, 
raw material expenses are higher because there are also a lot of bought-out 
items in its assembly. The manufacturing expenses are relatively lower. So as 
the product mix shifts between motor and driveline, these numbers change, 
but there is nothing exceptional. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, Right. Ok. Second question pertains to the order book which we have 
and as the revenue ramps up over the next 2 to 3 years, as this order book 
comes into P&L, what are the factors you're looking from a margin 
perspective in terms of push and pull, given that we are already at about 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
27.5 - 28% margin. How do you see margin evolution based on the orderbook 
coming into the P&L over the next two to three years? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, Jinesh the answer is the same as it has always been. I mean, this is our 9th 
earnings call and I think we've answered it nine times. We expect our margins 
to remain in the range of 25 to 27% over the medium term and it shouldn't 
change that much. And if you look at every year, yes, there could be 
quarters where it could go very out of this range, but on an annual basis, it 
always remains in that and that is what we have seen for the last I would say 
15 years and that's where we expect it to remain also even going forward. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Ok, I got it. A few more questions. I'll come back in queue. Thanks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you Jinesh. 
Moderator: 
Let's go back to Ms. Gunjan Prithyani. Your line is unmute. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Are you able to hear me now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Very good. Go ahead. Two questions. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Ok, sorry about earlier I don't know what happened really. Thanks so much 
for taking my question and you know, really impressive wins this quarter. 
Good to see the way the portfolio is expanding. I just wanted to get a bit 
more color on this Equipmake. You know, because this is an absolutely new 
product category. And what I really want to understand is, you know, what 
is this arrangement, particularly is it, you know, we going to be 
manufacturing for them in India? Is it sort of outsourcing and the business 
development that you sort of refer to in the release, that business 
development, you know, how big is the opportunity size? Because if I think 
about it, E-buses is something which is already seeing huge traction. So is that 
something that we can cater to or is my understanding correct on that front? 
So maybe, you know, a little bit of color on that because I haven't heard 
much about it in terms of the arrangement as well as the economics. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So Gunjan as usual, you are more right than wrong, you're very close to 
the thing. India and Southeast Asia, Thailand these countries, and as you 
know, India is the second largest bus market in the world. This is where Sona 
Comstar takes the lead and does the business development, selling, 
etcetera, and Equipmake is paid a royalty, which is say X percent of the gross 
margin. When Equipmake does marketing in Europe, the US, UK and wins an 
order, that's where Sona Comstar’s role will be to manufacture those motors 
for them.  
 
The two motor categories that were presented, one is very suitable for buses 
and that's, where if you saw the power density is almost twice the competing 
motors, that is for the bus category. The other one, which is more I would say 
suitable for cars, it is quite good and compares with the best, but it isn't so 
much relative outperformance. So, I would say bus is where the primary focus 
is if we get any other applications, of course, great, but that's the focus 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
market. Mr. Deshmukh, Sat, if you can add anything more on the 
arrangement, it would be nice. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
So, like I said that the arrangement is exactly what Vivek mentioned, is that 
we will have the manufacturing facility in India. And since our market, India 
and the Southeast Asia is the largest, which is the licensed territory, so 
whatever we make here will be to serve that market. But Equipmake gets 
any business from outside this territory which is Europe, the UK, the US, 
etcetera, then we will be, it will be like subcontracting. So, they will use our 
facilities. Our facilities will be mainly set up for our market which is India, 
Thailand and Southeast Asia. So that's the arrangement. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Just to add to Mr. Deshmukh’s comments, the APM 200 will also be a very 
good product for the LCV segment in India because that would be catering 
between 80 kilowatts to 150 kilowatts and it's a very, very light and it's very, 
very efficient motor design. So, LCV is the segment where we can use APM 
200. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct. My bad, I forgot that one. Actually, electric CV market, which if you 
saw that strategic approach is the right next to where we reached this time. 
We genuinely believe that is a market that should electrify very fast and 
should electrify completely in India. And if the large LCV players, they seem 
to be fairly serious also, I think there's a good scope for that motor to 
succeed. Because compared to the competition that is there in that 
segment, this motor will perform quite well. And power density upon dollar is 
what we have to deliver to customers and that's our objective. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Anything you would, you can put in terms of, you know, the opportunity size, 
I mean target I get is small commercial vehicles, e-buses in India. But if I have 
to think about the opportunity size in terms of, you know, what is really, you 
know, how much let me put it, what is the cost of you know, broad range if 
you can share and the E-buses that we see, you know, from STU orders, is that 
something which is also the relevant target market? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So the answer in a more prosaic sense is this that if you take the bus 
market and the LCV market, how much of that will electrify? That's a call you 
can take and then make that assumption. But the entire electric CV market, 
and entire electric bus market, and frankly, even the tractor market. Now, 
what percentage will electrify, let's say by 2030, by 2035 that we leave to 
you, we don't do that analysis as you know. And I think I explained to you 
before, if we think the market is large enough, and if we think we have a 
product that puts us in the best three or four in the world, we go for that 
market. Because if you have read Clayton Christensen’s The Innovator's 
Dilemma, large companies often fail to address new and emerging markets 
when they rely too much on TAM and what is the market size. We try not to 
fail in that trap, whenever we think the market's opportunity is big enough for 
our scale and is interesting enough to do and we have the right product, we 
tend to go for it. Assumption on electrification is the only thing that would 
vary amongst different people who tried to size this market. But it is significant 
because even if you take 100 buses, right? And you calculate the motor 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
inverter cost, it is actually a decent enough number for us to stake our claim 
there. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
OK, OK, Got it. I mean, I was trying to understand the value opportunity but 
maybe I'll, you know, I'll maybe take it later. Just extending this forward on 
the traction motor. Clearly, this is now, you know, like you called out it will be 
a big growth area. It goes beyond the E two-wheelers and three-wheelers. 
So, you know, if I have to think about the contribution that can come through 
from this sub-segment, is that something that you're, you can call out how 
big can this become in the next like three years or so, in terms of the 
contribution to the revenue? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not really, no. So that I'll be completely honest, we don't know, we know it 
will be higher than what it is today. And that is good enough for us to 
continue. How fast depends on so many factors including government 
policy, government support, etcetera that we don't want to get into that bit. 
It's meaningful and it's a high growth rate and that's good enough for us to 
proceed. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
OK, just last question on the differential assembly. You know, how does the 
cost or the value differ from, you know, PV differential assembly to a CV 
different or truck differential assembly that you have been winning for the 
last two quarters? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
By a lot  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Any number? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It depends on the, from customer to customer, class three, class four, class 
five, class eight. I mean, it's, I can't really give it that straight answer but it is 
many times I think we gave the range last time that here we're talking about 
from 150 to 750 dollars per vehicle. So, 150 for the lower class trucks and 750 
for the higher I would say class five, class six. So yeah, it's much higher then. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
All right. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Just a reminder to all participants, please keep your question to 
2 maximum, if you have any further questions, you can join back to queue, 
appreciate it. We’ll now go to Rishi Vora, your line is unmute please go 
ahead with two questions. 
Rishi Vora: 
NOVELIC acquisition, I think that acquisition has been delayed, so when 
should we expect that acquisition to go through? And also, if you could give 
some business updates about NOVELIC as well, how it has done over the last 
1-2 quarters? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Rishi, I thought you were asking about the Novelic transaction. I'll let Rohit 
answer this one. 
Rohit Nanda: 
So, Rishi, it is indeed delayed. We are expecting to close this next month. 
That's the answer to your first question. And the second is a performance of 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Novelic. Is that the second question? So I would say this year it's been largely 
in line with the plan that they had shared with us initially. But for us, I mean, 
the real performance will start kicking in when we start consolidating and 
that's after closure of the transaction as you know. 
Rishi Vora: 
Thanks for that. And just to follow up on Equipmake, Are we like, or when 
should we start expecting the company to manufacture this product? 
Because Equipmake was already going to supply us one order, so when 
should we expect the manufacturing to start off the products? And have 
you also started discussing with the domestic OEMs? So any color on the 
product feedback or whatever you could share at this point in time would 
be helpful. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Rishi. So, I’ll invite Sat to shed more light on that. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
So, Rishi, I mean, from the production point of view, we are targeting 2025 to 
start our commercial production. We are validating these products. These 
are already used products in the UK and other territories. So, we are working 
on to do the validation of these products and the technologies to suit the 
Indian conditions and the roads. So, we are targeting to complete that by 
this year and we will start working with OEMs post those validations. So, our 
plan is to launch sometime in 2025. 
Rishi Vora: 
Understood and just last bit on Equipmake. How should we look at the 
margins of this product vis-a-vis our business margins, as we will be paying 
royalty? Some parts will also be more like we'll just be supplying motors to 
traction motors to Equipmake. Will it be lower than the business margins or 
like any sense around that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Well, it will be lower than 27% for sure, how much lower even we will find out 
once we start doing it. Yes, there will be a royalty element. There will also in 
the space that we will be doing manufacturing and then some margin will 
be taken by Equipmake for doing the marketing etcetera there obviously, it 
will be lower. So, yeah, we expect it to be lower. How much lower, again, we 
don't know today.  
Rishi Vora: 
Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We now move on to the next participant Amyn Pirani. 
I think he is on mute, the next participant will be Arvind Shyama. The line is 
mute. We'll go on to the next participant, Basudeb Banerjee. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yeah, a couple of questions. One is with respect to the last year those tie-ups 
with C-Motive and IRP Nexus, Israel, those news came up. So any update on 
those tie-ups products when they are getting commercialized or business 
coming from those two tie-ups? That's the first question, sir.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, Basudeb I will answer that. And I think we mentioned it very clearly even 
in the earnings call at that time, those were product development 
partnerships. And if you were to look at the transcript, I think I had written that 
somebody had asked me what is the probability of success, and I said, 
between zero and 100 which is what it remains, see Equipmake is a 
commercial partner for a proven product, those three were to develop 
products when they do get developed, and product development is the 
thing that one can't predict from day one that this will happen and then it 
will happen at a cost that we can sell it at, and then the third, which is how 
many will we sell? I think that's too early. When, if any of those do get 
developed into commercially viable products, we will certainly inform 
everyone.   
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure. Second thing sir, any update on PLI-related payment, etcetera? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, we are moving on our application. It has been and I'll choose my words 
very carefully. It has been a slow process. It isn't as simple as it appears, I think 
for the last year from what we know from people in ACMA, etcetera, no auto 
component company has been approved. So, we are working on our 
application and yeah, we will let you know when we know more. I mean, 
even if I feel bad, I wish I knew more but we don't.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, last if I can chip in, like in the initial comments, you said around 130 
crore revenue was missed because of the FAME subsidy deduction. Am I 
right sir?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
100 to 120 is our estimate. See this quarter, we lost about 25 crore from what 
we had budgeted from our electric traction motor customers. So, we did an 
analysis of what we think will be the whole year’s impact. And 100 is the best 
case according to us and 120 is the worst case. So that's what we are seeing. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And that analysis was based on June retails or a more holistic picture 
because in July, despite that deduction in subsidy, retails have started to 
improve. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah. So, I mean if it was first week of July, it would be far worse. So no, slightly 
more realism, after the first 15 days of July.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Ok. Understood. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
We’ll now go to the next participant.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Basudeb, I get what you're saying, we could be positively surprised but this is 
what it looked like on 15-16th July and that's where we kept it. Let's see what 
happens.  
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure. Sure 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We go to the next participant. Sonal Gupta and your 
lines are unmute, please go ahead. Hi Sonal, your lines are unmute, are you 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
able to speak up? Yeah, I think we can't hear you. Would you like to submit 
your question in the Q and A chat box, please? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Is there a problem at our end or theirs? I mean, three or four people. think 
they're not being able to speak.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Hi  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Sonal, Is that you?  
Sonal Gupta: 
Yes, hi, sorry. I hope I'm clear now.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, you are.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Ok. Great. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Just a couple of questions. One, I mean on 
the conventional motor side, right, both the mild hybrid as well as the 
conventional electric starter motors. We are seeing a very lot of quarterly 
volatility. So just trying to understand what is happening there. Is it because 
of customer production issues or what is driving this quarterly volatility?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sorry, I didn't get that.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Sorry, I'll repeat it again. I don't know if you, so just on the conventional 
motors, I was just trying to understand there's a lot of quarterly volatility in 
terms of the revenues. So just trying to understand what is the reason for that. 
And how do you see this segment? Is this more like a flattish segment or 
what's happening there?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes. So I’ll let Sat answer it. But I mean, look, if you were to look at the long 
term, starter motors as a product would decline to zero, right? Now is that 
date in 2032, 2033 or is it 2038? We don't know yet. So, we prepare for the 
worst case in that scenario. Only starter motors for, I would say off-highway, 
and maybe some segment of commercial vehicles might survive. 
Commercial vehicle we are not there, off-highway we want to get into but 
not in the tractor segment, and more construction equipment or 
recreational vehicle segments, we'll see that. But long term it is going to 
decline, in the short term, yes, there has been volatility because this business 
has been focused mostly on North America and Europe, right, very few little 
bit sales we do in India. And yes, last five or six quarters because of supply 
chain risk, the Russia-Ukraine situation, there has been a lot of fluctuation in 
those two markets. Apart from that, nothing exceptional has actually 
happened. And if you look at absolute revenue from three years ago to now, 
it might not actually be very different. So, it is a long-term downward trending 
product. It hasn't shown up yet but it will at some point.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. So I know, I understand there's a lot of shift like in Europe, more than 
20% BEVs are there. So now, so just trying, I mean, so are we actively seeking 
new business in these areas or we are sort of completely focusing on the 
traction motor for EV side?  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I'd say both Sonal. So, while it is a market that eventually is going to decline 
and traction motors is the future. If one looks at it, in three years out the 
traction motors will be a larger business for us than starter motors already. 
There is still focus on trying to find niches in which starter motors will remain. 
There is very little focus on trying to maximize within segments we know we 
are not going to be in. So I think I mentioned that recreational vehicle 
category, similar categories, if we find we will keep trying to make that 
investment last as long as possible for us.  
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. and just my second question was on the orderbook size, on the new 
order wins that we are giving. I mean, like, how do you, is this based on 
customer projection volumes? How, how does this work? I mean, like, how 
do you estimate that? I mean, because why I'm asking is that you're signing 
up these new-age OEMs who do not have a very long history, right? So. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Always tricky, always tricky when you deal with the customers who you don't 
have a history of, you know, their forecast accuracy. So I will let Sat answer 
it more because, from my side, I think just being very conservative, that's just 
the safest way to do these things. Rest Sat will add. 
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, generally, I mean, it's based on what the customer has projected or 
based on the pricing, agreed with the customers, but we take a little bit of 
conservative view when we put it in our order book. So, but the data we get 
is from the customer and on which base we have taken the pricing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We’ll go now to Hitesh Goel, please go ahead with 
your question. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Yeah. Yeah, hi, thank you. So, my question, first is on the, you know, Europe 
part, can you give us some sense on the BEV parts / BEV revenue actually, 
how much is Europe in this right now because, you know, there is, you said 
that one customer program is ramped up and six is yet to come through. So, 
I just wanted to get the Europe revenue in the BEV revenues. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hi Hitesh, this will require some work at our end. I don't think we have that 
ready because we don't segment it internally also with that many cuts, I 
mean, when we do it, even internally, we have the geography and then 
divide it by categories. So India PV, India off-highway, India CV, Europe PV, 
CV, off-highway, this is how we do it. We don't sub-segment into battery 
electric or not. So we'll have to kind of get back to you on this.  
Hitesh Goel: 
No problem, now because I was asking because it's an important part from 
ramp-up phase for the electric programs, right? So I was just trying to 
understand. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, there is a program that has started and that has picked up quite well 
actually. So, but I won't know the exact percentage.  
Hitesh Goel: 
OK. and my second question is on the BEV. Can you give us, what is the e-
motor revenue out of that? Just to get a sense. that how... 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That we gave 2.5% was this quarter, last quarter it was 4%. So that if you go 
to the product mix. Yeah. So, in this, we give this one. Yeah, that slide. So, 
you can see traction motors 2.5%, this used to be 4%, traction motor is all BEV 
only.  
Hitesh Goel: 
Ok. Ok. Sorry, sorry, I missed that. Thanks, Vivek, and all the best.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Hitesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We’ll go to Chirag, your lines are unmute, please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Hello now am I audible? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yes, you know there is a bit of an echo, but you are audible. 
Chirag Shah: 
There’s some issue. Sorry for this, I don't know why this echo. So quickly, two 
questions. One, can you indicate something on your cross-selling 
opportunities, so can you talk a little bit about it? And secondly, coming 
back to Equipmake, what was the driver of this arrangement? Was it a 
product gap that you are looking at in your portfolio or something else? And 
how should we look at the further product opportunities? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So, the second one I'll take up first, and then Mr. Deshmukh can add 
on it. It was a product/capability gap because if we look at the bus market, 
not only is the power much higher, it is also the voltage is also much higher 
of the system. As you know, we have been progressing quite well organically 
on our own path, but to get there would have taken a fair bit of time and 
we would have missed the first wave. If you miss the first wave, you only come 
in the second wave as the second supplier, second suppliers traditionally 
compete only on costs, right? You have to be better cost. So we didn't want 
to take that role. Hence to accelerate that, that is the biggest driver, but I’ll 
let Sat and Mr. Deshmukh add to that.  
Mr. Deshmukh:  
Yes So, one, of course, is that the electrification we have seen that it's 
happened first in two-wheelers, three-wheelers. The next electrification is 
going to happen in buses and commercial vehicles. So that market segment 
quite clearly needs to be addressed. And we didn't have the technology for 
these high-voltage applications. And as Vivek just now mentioned, to get 
there internally would take time and we may miss the bus, right? So that's 
why we were looking at partners who could offer products in that market.  
 
With Equipmake two distinct advantages. One is that this particular 
patented design, which is spoke design, makes these motors extremely 
compact. So, as you have seen, especially for the bus application, they are 
almost two times in terms of power density, so, much compact and much 
less weight, so, easy to package. And so therefore, that is a unique thing that 
we are in a position to offer with these motors.  
 
Second is of course, as I earlier mentioned, it's the high voltage and bus 
application. These motors have been used. They have been proven, they've 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
been running for several years now in the UK, in London. So, there is a proof. 
It's a product which is already proven. So, these were the two things which 
drove us to get to have this partnership with Equipmake. Sat maybe you 
want to add something.  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
No, sir. I think you have covered it pretty well, sir. Thanks.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  What was the first question that Chirag you’ve asked? Chirag, you'll have to 
help us out here.  
Chirag Shah:  
Hello? Am I Audible? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes 
Chirag Shah:  
Yeah, sorry for this. So, the first question was about cross-sell opportunities. 
You have been looking at that since last 2-3 years and now that the basket 
is widened for you, you had the product basket and hopefully, you had more 
on that. So, are there increasing interactions and acceptance, and are you 
able to leverage your this because when we look at your revenue growth, 
we are given the strong growth that we are seeing, you have been seeing 
even in the past, you know, so as an outsider I'm not able to figure out 
whether the growth is driven by single product businesses or more of a cross-
sell driven businesses. So where are we on that journey? And just before you 
answer that, just a clarification on the earlier question, Are you looking at 
acquiring Equipment kind of businesses if you get the opportunity or you are, 
you are happy with this kind of arrangement? You don't want to go for 
acquisitions.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes. Sure. So, I'll answer the first one. I mean cross-sell, I don't know if it is a 
word in our business, every product has to win on its own merit, it doesn't 
matter, this is one company, so there is no, I mean, I'm not sure what that 
means. Are there places where we supply motor products as well as driveline 
products to the same vehicle? Yes, there are actually quite a few of those 
already.  But it doesn't actually matter because when you are speaking to 
the team of one product who has to select one product or one engineering 
team, they only care about that. It isn't like, see this would work if you're 
selling something which is a commodity product or a commodity service in 
which what you're trying to piggyback is on a relationship that I have a 
relationship and let me sell more. What we do is highly engineered and 
customized products which stand on their own merit and there isn't like if I'm 
going to discuss, let's say a final drive differential assembly with a customer, 
they are not going to discuss their traction motor with me in that meeting. 
So, in the same customer do we have it, yes, but both teams have 
independence and both teams do their own selling. Growth has been good 
because of that. Because relationship-dependent growth will always have 
a finite shelf life. If your product is better and it offers better economic value, 
it should be selected and it should win on its own merit. That's the way we 
run our business.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
 
On the second one, on Equipmake or acquisitions in general, yes, we would 
also, I mean, we would be open to acquisitions in general. However, the 
acquisition threshold for a company to qualify is a far more stringent 
threshold, than a collaboration. Because not just the company has to be 
very good technically, for us to have a collaboration, for us to actually 
acquire it, it has to be not just good technically, it has to be also amazing 
commercially, which means it can deliver growth while delivering very high 
returns. That's not usual. And we want both. We don't want just one of two, 
which is why we are fairly I’d say selective in our acquisitions. I don't know if 
that's answered, but that's I am just trying to share how we think about this.  
Chirag Shah:  
No, no, it fairly answers. It very well answers it. So, thank you very much, and 
all the best. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Chirag. 
Moderator:  
Thank you! we’ll now go next to the next participant Prateek Poddar. Ok, 
please go ahead.  
Prateek Poddar:  
Hello, am I audible?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes. 
Prateek Poddar:  
Yeah, I just wanted to ask about the two new products or three new products 
which you have added to your basket, right? The liquid cool inverter, high 
voltage inverter. Maybe you could just talk a bit about the size of 
opportunities like applications in which they would be implemented.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, Prateek those products are a result of the Equipmake partnership.  
Prateek Poddar:  
Oh, ok 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. So, this is what we are getting from this partnership is the technological 
capability to build.  
Prateek Poddar:  
Got it. Thanks, really helpful. Thanks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. We will now go to the next participant, Siddhartha Bera, 
Sid, please go ahead with your question. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is basically on this power 
source neutral segment. If you see in terms of share and even in terms of 
absolute revenues, I think it has grown quite well. I would assume 
predominantly maybe because of the gear export business. So, can you just 
help us understand about what is happening here? How much is in order 
book or how much growth or which customers are driving this? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It's a good question Siddhartha as usual. It is driven by North American 
customers in general and you're right it's a differential gear segment and 
North American customers have been driving this more than any other 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
geography, but it is literally everyone in North America. If you look at it, 
everyone, it's quite well spread but it is North American passenger vehicle 
segment that's driving this growth.  
Siddhartha Bera:  
Ok, any particular I mean a market share, would you have an analysis about 
how much would you have in that region? And based on the orders I mean, 
how should we expect that it can go up just to understand the growth 
potential?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Last we looked at it was in calendar year 22. And I think if we looked at it 
because see we do this once a year, right, this market share analysis that we 
get Ricardo to carry out for us. In 22 I think of North American market, we 
were early double digits as market share. I think there is a lot of room to grow 
there, a lot. So yeah, that is one of, I would say one of the tailwinds that we 
anticipate in the next 2 to 3 years. It should grow quite strong.  
Siddhartha Bera:  
OK, got it, and the value of these products can range between what 
number like you have said for the year, can you just guide us about this 
product, how, what is the value generally it ranges between?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, Siddhartha the differential gear pricing is so, it depends so much on the 
size and the vehicle category and the torque that it has to deliver. I think 
once I mentioned that the lowest price gear we have ever made is 45 rupees 
and the highest at 4,500 rupees. So, there is, that's why I think Gunjan also 
asked me, what is the value, the thing is, the values are very divergent 
depending on what size of vehicle. Because if you take an 800 cc, small 
commercial vehicle and you take an 18 wheel truck, it'll be very different 
and that's why it's very hard. I can give you average, but the average will 
hide more than it will show. But value in North America in general is higher 
Siddhartha because it tends towards bigger SUVs and pickup trucks, 
etcetera, larger the vehicle and the larger the weight of the vehicle and 
higher the acceleration, the higher would be the torque and hence the 
higher the value of the differential system.  
Siddhartha Bera:  
Ok, sir. Ok, thanks a lot, sir for that. 
Moderator:  
We will now go to the next participant. Garvit Goel. Garvit please go ahead. 
Garvit Goel:  
Am I audible?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes, Garvit you are. 
Garvit Goel:  
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, my 
questions have already been answered, but the thing is you mentioned that 
several programs that are likely to enter into production in the next few 
months. And in your presentation also two programs likely to commence 
from a quarter four 24 onwards. So, sir what percentage of order book is likely 
to be executed in the next 3 to 4 years sir? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Tough one. I again, I don't think we analyze these things that way, but I would 
say the order book is always heavier to the front and in the middle, than the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
back. So, if I were to take the first, let's say, five years, which is what you 
actually wrote in the Q&A box, how much of it will come in the next five years 
I would say, and Pratik and Amit help me out here, I'd say 65%. Two-third, 
one-third; first half two-third, second half one-third.  
Pratik Sachan:  
So, the first half is close to 60%.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  OK. I wasn't that off right. And Pratik is the man who has all the excel sheets 
and all the data. So, he knows more than me. 
Garvit Goel:  
So, that's all from my side. So, thank you, and congratulations.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you very much Garvit for your question. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We’ll go now to Dhaval Shah. Your lines are unmuted. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes, Dhaval we can hear you 
Dhaval Shah:  
Yeah, just one very small question. The PCB assembly project which you've 
announced? So, was this outsourced before or, is it more of a backward 
integration strategy for us? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It was outsourced also because we didn't have enough production of motor 
controllers as when motor controller production increases, we want to 
control every step of the manufacturing. If you've been looking at how we 
operate, even in both businesses, we like to keep everything in-house. We 
believe that it gives us far greater control of the technology and the final 
output. And that's why we want to keep it, it is a fairly integral part of it. I 
mean, if you're getting into power electronics, the board is important, and 
we want to do, and more and more of these controlled opportunities are 
coming. So, we want to have our own assembly line. Sat you want to add to 
the rationale?  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
No, I think this is a strategy and we are on the right path.  
Dhaval Shah:  
OK, that was the only question. Thank you, very much and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Now I will hand over to Kapil. Kapil, would you like to go ahead with your 
question? 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah. So, Vivek just one question, you know, if you can comment on you 
know, the customer concentration that you have, you know, where are we 
today on that? and specifically on EVs, I know you don't comment on 
customers, but just your general thought on how do you see this, you know, 
diversifying because we have not seen so much success of a lot of players 
with products, right? So, in which, at least in which geographies do you see 
other players succeeding beyond your top customers? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  See It's a fair question. And I think, let me address it because quite often 
people think the concentration, customer concentration is much higher 
than it is because we don't comment on it. It is, actually I would say, one of 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
the best in this industry. There is no customer greater than 20% for us. Not 
even a single one. Even in EV, I would say the high, biggest customer is, I 
don't know the exact one, but between 70 to 75% not more. That’s why, yes, 
it is true that one person being 75% of EV revenue is very high. But that is for 
this quarter when a lot of our two-Wheeler revenue went away. Over time, 
this will start coming down. Our top five, I think I mentioned it in the 
shareholder letter this time that this is a constant thing that we keep looking 
at. I think it's about, it's less than 60% top five, it's fairly healthy. And if you look 
at it now, let's just do an equivalence. No company can be in a world 
different from the industry itself. Let's look at the automotive industry, let's say 
Volkswagen, Toyota, Hyundai-Kia, Renault-Nissan, and Stellantis, these five, 
how much of the world market do the top five automakers control. It will be 
greater than our of top five customer concentration. The reality is, and we, 
this is one of the things that I have seen that when you're in a public market, 
people compare you even to industries that you're not in. And it doesn't 
really reflect that reality. We are in an industry that is heavily concentrated 
at the top. The top five automakers are any, I think 60% top 10 or 80%. We 
are less than 80% for top 10 and you know, less than 60% for top five. So, if 
you're doing better than your industry, you're ok. Customer consideration is 
not that big an issue, but yes, we actively monitor this. This is something that 
is a KPI for us that we always keep looking at. In EV I think there will be a lot 
more people doing well. One of the things that's not let us proceed on this 
was also our product offerings. As we add more products that can address 
more market segments, I think this diversification will increase. But yeah, it is 
not the problem that it is the number of customers. We actually have a lot of 
number of customers. What we can't solve for is making or helping our 
customers sell more vehicles. That's something they have to do on their own. 
And that's basically where our limitation lies. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure. and just one more question just, just so that we understand how you 
know, you are positioning the growth for the company you mentioned about 
KPI. So I'm just wanting to hear what are the KPIs for the management, you 
know, just some broad top 2-3 sort of things that you are very focused on. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, I think we disclosed them. My contract, by the way, can be found on 
MCA. We are a very public and transparent company. The first KPI is EBIT for 
the company. We look at new order intake very, very seriously because we 
are a growth company. To deliver that growth new order intake becomes a 
very important metric, as important as the current year's profitability or if not 
more. Third is EV order intake specifically and not just as a subset. So if you 
do that, you actually score on two KPIs. Fourth would be around technology 
and progress on our technology roadmap. Every year, we choose a number 
that these many products we must deliver. Safety is we are in manufacturing 
after all, this is one of those KPIs where the target is always zero, you can only 
underperform on that KPI but that is important because if we don't put our 
people first to make the workplace safe, we fail it, that is our first charge here 
as managers, is to ensure that the working environment is safe for our people. 
There are others that go once they go below me, there are lots of them on 
quality, on delivery, on cost. So yeah, I mean I think when we passed the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
 
resolution and Rohit you can help me out here for the ESOP program, we did 
put out a lot of the management KPIs right, along with that document? 
Rohit Nanda:  
Yes we did  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so that 
Rohit Nanda:  
We have an explanatory statement actually. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, that may have more exhaustive ones. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok, thank you so much, the entire team from Sona Comstar, that was the 
last question we had, and Vivek I'll hand it over to you, in case you have any 
closing remarks.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Nothing, just thank you. Thank you, everyone, for coming here. Your 
questions obviously make us better at running our business. We hope we 
have been able to answer all questions. There are some questions we can't 
answer because either we don't think that way and hence have never 
actually tried to answer those questions or because we don't know. And we 
will try to do better if it's a second category. If it's the first category, hopefully, 
we can continue being ourselves and not being driven by external questions 
alone. So yeah, that's it. Thank you for attending and have a great day.  
Kapil Singh:  
Thank you everyone for joining this call. Deanna, we can close the call now. 
Have a good day.  
Moderator:  
Thank you again to all participants. Thank you for joining today's group 
conference call and you may drop off the line. Have a good evening. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
