 
 
  
 
 
 
 
www.stl.tech 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
August 01, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q1 FY24  
Ref.:   Scrip ID - STLTECH/ Scrip Code - 532374 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letters dated July 18, 2023 and July 27, 2023 respectively, please find enclosed transcript of 
earnings call held on July 27, 2023 in respect of Company’s Q1 FY24 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at https://www.stl.tech/downloads.html#qiect 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
Amit Deshpande 
General Counsel & Company Secretary (ACS 17551) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
AMIT VILAS 
DESHPANDE
Digitally signed by AMIT 
VILAS DESHPANDE 
Date: 2023.08.01 
17:51:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited Q1 FY24         
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
   MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MD, STL 
                                                MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CFO, STL 
                                                MR. PANKAJ DHAWAN – HEAD IR, STL 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 16 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the STL's Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
I'm Pankaj Dhawan, Head, Investor Relations at STL. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions, we have Ankit Agarwal, Managing 
Director, STL and Tushar Shroff, Group CFO, STL. 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call 
is being recorded. You can also download a copy of presentation from our website at 
www.stl.tech. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to add that some elements of today's presentation 
may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to the 
business. The Safe Harbor clause indicated in the presentation also applies to this conference 
call. 
For opening remarks, I now hand over the call to Ankit Agarwal. Over to you, Ankit. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pankaj. Good day everyone. Thank you for joining our Q1 FY24 earnings call today. 
Just to reiterate, our strategic priorities for STL remain the same and are as follows: Firstly, we 
will continue to grow the optical business by increasing OFC market share and the connectivity 
attach rate that we've been speaking about. We've also started projects to optimize our raw 
material and fixed costs in the business to become more competitive. 
Secondly, we shall continue to consolidate global services in the segments of our choice. We 
are building new capabilities for value added services. We are also working to improve the UK 
operations profitability that we've touched on earlier. Last but not the least, we shall build the 
digital business through focused investments in new technologies and capabilities. 
Let's first touch on the optical business. The 5G deployments continue to remain strong 
globally. As of June 2023, a total of 532 operators in 160 countries have invested in 5G 
networks, with over 254 operators having launched commercial 5G services. At least 41 carriers 
in 20 countries have launched standalone 5G networks. There are already 1.1 billion 5G 
subscribers in the world, which is expected to reach 1.5 billion by. the end of this year. Leading 
the 5G deployments is China, which plans to increase its 5G base stations from 2.3 million to 
2.9 million by the end of 2023. Also, fiber-to-the-home deployments continue to remain strong. 
In the US, the number of homes passed in 2023 is likely to remain at similar levels as 2022. As 
examples, Frontier Communications passed 339,000 homes in Q1 2023, up by 60% over Q1 
2022, while AT&T added 600,000 locations in Q1 2023. In the UK, 4.7 million home passes are 
expected in this year. Similarly, in Germany, Deutsche Telekom plans to pass another 3 million 

 
Page 3 of 16 
homes in 2023. Lastly, China continues to deploy fibers now more and more for fiber to the 
room applications to prepare for AI and Internet of Things. 
The Biden administration has recently announced the distribution of funding of over $4.2 
billion, the BEAD program. The funding shall be used to primarily deploy last mile fiber 
networks. The funds expected to flow to states early next year and shall start to fund projects 
by the middle of 2024. 
In total, government plans to spend close to 100 billion in building broadband connectivity by 
2030. We expect the excess inventory to correct and growth to come back by the end of the 
year. Therefore, we remain committed to the US market and continue to broaden our customer 
base. In this regard, we have recently announced a partnership with Windstream, a privately 
held communications and software company. Our collaboration started in February 2021. We 
will provide them with advanced optical designs like high fiber count, intelligently bonded 
ribbon and flat ribbon in addition to loose tube cables. These products are designed to ensure 
faster rollout and superior network longevity, which aligns perfectly with the Windstream's 
requirements. 
I'm also happy to share that China Mobile has announced the results for 2023-24 tender. The 
tender volume is 108 million fiber kilometers. While it is lower than last year, the previous 
tender was actually extended beyond 12 months. The final settled average weighted price 
remains unchanged from last year in local RMB terms. The big five players in China got a 
majority of the tender volumes, which is very positive, which will lead to consolidation in the 
China market. The tender war might mitigate any price risk that we see out of China in the near 
term. 
In addition to the China Mobile, China Telecom has also announced a tender of 50 million fiber 
kilometers, which I am happy to share that is higher than last year. 
Now, coming to the demand outlook, as per CRU, the medium term demand and optical fiber 
cable volumes expected to go up to 638 million fiber kilometers by 2027, up from 535 million 
in 2022. In the short term, however, as expected, global OFC demand is contracted by 3.4% in 
H1 2023, particularly in North America, demand contracted by 11%. However, the demand 
grew in Europe, Asia excluding China as well as the rest of the world. 
Our market share remains stable at 11% in H1 of calendar year 2023 versus H1 of calendar year 
2022. Our connectivity business also remains stable at 10%. We expect OFC market share to 
grow from H2'24 onwards. We also strongly feel that new products in the connectivity business 
should see a jump in attach rate from H2'24 onwards. 
Coming to the financials for the optical business, in Q1 FY24 revenue stands at Rs. 1,112 crores, 
which is lower by 2% on year-on-year basis. OFC volume is lower on QoQ basis and OFC 

 
Page 4 of 16 
realization is also lower on QoQ basis due to change in geographical mix away from North 
America. 
Even though revenue has gone down, EBITDA has gone up by 53% year-on-year basis to Rs.246 
crores. EBITDA margins for Q1 FY24 stand at 22.1%. We have reduced our operating cost on 
QoQ basis to mitigate the realization impact. 
Going ahead in Q2, we're taking the following actions to grow and maintain our operational 
profitability. #1 we're taking action to increase our share in EMEA, India and APAC markets to 
fill some of the volume gap from the US market. We continue to drive new product 
development, approval and commercialization in the optical connectivity business. And we 
have engaged a tier-one management consulting firm to further optimize our operating costs. 
We expect these actions to start showing results from second-half of this financial year. 
Now, let's discuss the progress in the global services business. In Q1 of FY24, in line with our 
strategy to win profitable projects with optimal fund involvement, we have won two key 
orders. The first one, we are a system integrator to provide the ICT infrastructure for data 
centers and for remote sites along with the responsibility of operations and maintenance. 
In the second order, we shall supply optical fiber cables and shall do the fiber rollout for 5G 
deployment in multiple circles for one of the largest Indian private telecom operators. We 
expect BharatNet phase-III tenders to be released in second-half of this financial year. As a 
result, we also expect our order inflow to increase as we go through the rest of this year. 
In the global services, Q1 FY24, now revenue stands at Rs.353 crores EBITDA has gone up by 
27% on year-on-year basis to Rs.28 crores due to a favorable project mix. The EBITDA margin 
at Q1 FY24 stands at 7.9% in line with our expectations. 
Our project execution in the services business is on track. Among Indian public projects, 
BharatNet projects, for State of Telangana 65% complete, including all packages. The network 
modernization project is 68% complete. The fiber rollout project is 3% complete. The new 
managed services project is 12% complete. And additionally, we've just started the data center 
project that I spoke about. 
In the Indian private side, fiber rollout projects for a large tier 1 telecom operators, 20% 
complete for phase-III. Fiber rollout for another large telecom operator phase-II is 28% 
complete. And finally, the fiber rollout for a modern optical network for another Indian private 
customer is 58% complete. 
Coming to the UK, fiber-to-the-home rollout in the UK for projects combined is that 31% 
complete. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
We shall now talk about the updates for. STL digital business. In STL digital, we are continuing 
to grow with momentum. We acquired new customers in the US and India across technology 
and service industry verticals. We have more than 20 plus active customers at the end of Q1 
FY24. We also had a very strong deal inflow in the Q1 of FY24. 
We are happy to announce that we have signed strategic partnership with SAP and Google to 
offer the solutions jointly to our customers. 
We have also expanded our delivery team to 950 plus consultants and our open order book is 
also very healthy at 900 plus crores. 
In line with the expectations and despite a tough industry environment, we have grown our 
revenues on QoQ basis to 62 crores. Our EBITDA loss for Q1 is at Rs.37 crores. We expect to 
maintain this growth momentum, but at the same time, we also expect the losses to go down 
as the revenue ramp up increases. 
I now hand over to Tushar to talk about the financials. 
Tushar Shroff: 
Thanks, Ankit. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Q1'24 revenue up by 2% on year-on-year basis 
to Rs. 1,522 crores. EBITDA grew by 42% on year-on-year basis to Rs.235 crores. EBITDA margin 
increased correspondingly to 15.4%. Net profit after minority interest and share of joint 
venture increased by 156% on year-on-year basis to Rs.46 crores. 
In terms of new orders in optical business, we continue to win multi-million orders for optical 
fiber cable in Europe and Americas. We have already talked about new orders in service 
business in previous slides. In terms of a revenue mix, it has shifted to EMEA and India in Q1 
FY24 in line with our guidance in previous quarter. 
Our open order book at the end of Q1 FY24 is Rs. 10,938 crores. Our order book is well 
diversified across our customer segment and also across all our businesses. 
We have placed a bridge version of our reported numbers for your reference. Our net debt is 
stable on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Also, we have filed a demerger of service business with stock exchange. We expect to complete 
the demerger by fourth quarter of next financial year. 
Based on current US OFC industry situation, we are revising our revenue guidance to 7% to 9% 
growth for full year. However, we are still targeting net debt to EBITDA to be at 2.5 times. 
On this particular slide, one major update is our ESG rating by MSCI has gone up from Triple B 
to A which is positive. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
In summary, I would like to say that we shall target to gain the market share across our focus 
markets, particularly in EMEA, India, APAC markets to fill the volume gap from U.S market. We 
shall also optimize our operating cost to maintain the operating profitability. 
In global services, we continue to move towards the value added services with improved 
margin and fund involvement. In digital business, we shall consciously invest to grow the 
revenue and reduce the EBITDA losses on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Last but not the least, we are targeting to grow 7% to 9% in FY24 with reduced net debt to 
EBITDA at 2.5 times by the end of financial year. 
With this, we come to the end of our commentary and we shall now open for Q&A. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take the first question from the line of. Mr. Mohit. Please go ahead. 
Mohit: 
So my first question is on the North America business, right. I mean there seems to be some 
slowdown which we have also indicated. So, can you give us some color, what is driving this 
slowdown, there's a slowdown in 5G, is the adoption slower, is the CAPEX investments have 
gone down by the telecom players, so what is driving the slowdown in North America because 
the inventory, has also got built up? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Mohit. So I think as we shared even at the end of our previous 
quarter results and we've reiterated now, we do see some slowdown in terms of our sales 
specifically in North America. I think there are two or three elements that are playing out. I 
think #1 is as we had shared last time and we reiterate, broadly, there is still inventory with the 
tier 1, tier 2 players in the market. So as they start depleting that inventory, we do expect the 
demand to come back up. Currently, we do see that probably the depletion of that inventory 
will still take a quarter or two. So our own view is that we should start seeing good demand 
coming back in North America probably in Q3 and Q4 onwards. The second point is from the 
operator perspective, it's probably still taken time to scale up the deployment speed, that is 
still taking some time in terms of availability of skilled manpower and execution capability, 
that's probably been slower than what the customers expected. And then of course, lastly, 
because of the higher interest rates and inflation, I would say, there's some level of caution 
from the operators in terms of really ensuring they are doing the right projects. But at a macro 
level, I want to reassure that overall in our conversation with customers and what they have 
put out publicly, they continue to be committed towards long term deployment of fiber 
networks for all three elements, whether it is linked to 5G, whether it is fiber-to-the-home, or 
it is for data centers, all of the requirements continue to be there, continue to be strong. One 
other part that we just shared was in terms of the BEAD. That has been announced in terms of 
$42 billion. There have been discussions about allocation to the various states for the 
connectivity. Our view is the demand linked to the BEAD will come in half of calendar year '24 
is when we should start seeing some positive demand linked to that. 

 
Page 7 of 16 
Mohit: 
My one other question is, there's a massive improvement in the gross margin. So is it that also 
a function of change in geography mix because your raw material consumption will be lesser 
or is it like the raw materials have cooled off as a whole? Once the demand in North America 
comes back, we'll just again go back to previous levels? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So Mohit, I would like to address this particular question. If you see that the material cost 
percentage has gone down mainly because the prices of some of the material has gone down 
as well as we have been working on optimizing the consumption of some of our key raw 
materials, correct, which is also helping us in driving the overall material cost. So, there are two 
parts to it. Structurally, we see that there is a price impact as well as the consumption impact 
in overall material cost. 
Mohit: 
So there's an open order book of Rs.900 crores for STL Digital. So can you give us the average 
tenure of this order book? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So the average is about three to five years because it's over a period of five years, so we signed 
the long term contracts with the customer and we continue to provide the services over a 
period of three to five years. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Balasubramanian. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
One of your competitors mentioned optical fiber prices have been declined by 10% to 15% and 
other expenses also has been decreased by 10% to 15%, that's why the margin improvement 
will be there in this quarter. Whether this will be sustainable in upcoming quarters and optical 
networking side also we have witnessed 22.1% margins which is higher compared to past four 
to five quarters. So like how do we see on the margin side in upcoming quarters? Also, also 
please provide the realizations in the market for OF & OFC side, that would be really helpful. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Firstly, I would say that we continue to be focused, as we shared, we do expect healthy mix 
between the various geographies given some of the lower sales that we have seen in Q1 and 
we will also see in Q2, we are actively focused and also improving our sales in other markets. 
As we have shared through our presentations and previous discussions, we do experience 
higher realizations in U.S. market. So to that extent, our share and volumes increase in other 
markets. The average realization for STL would come down. So that is our current expectation 
probably for Q2 and we would need to see how our volumes come back in US as I mentioned 
probably in Q3 or Q4. So I think it will be a function of these things. In our current quarter, our 
realizations specifically for cable, I can mention, continue to be steady, it has come down 
marginally, as I said, because of the mix slightly away from US, but I still believe that looking at 
our focus, our priorities on improving our volumes which will be a focus for us going forward. 
We do see a good balance of other geographies as well. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
Tushar Shroff: 
And just to address your very specific questions on a gross margin, as I said, we continue to 
work to optimize our material cost correct by looking at the consumption of key raw material, 
we have engaged the leading management consulting firm to help us out in terms of optimizing 
the productivity in terms of ensuring the better yields as well as we are also looking at the right 
prices for some of the key raw materials that we procure. 
Balasubramanian: 
Apart from North America, any other countries we are facing slowdown on that export side. 
So, if you could throw some light on that, that would be really helpful? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, sir, I think we continue to see good demand in Middle East, in India, in parts of APAC, we 
have seen slight slowdown in Europe market. But that we think should come back faster. 
Specifically, I think again, there it has linked to high inflation and high interest rates which have 
taken some period of pause. Also, typically, we are also seeing in Q2, for example, August, 
month and parts of September also slower months in Europe generally in terms of execution 
of projects. So we are looking at these elements, but overall I would say that we are still bullish 
on Europe market, we do expect that to bounce back. It is also a market where we have good 
amount of sales of our optical interconnect. So that's also something that we are bullish that 
will grow from H2 onwards. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, on that digital and technology side, so we made this quarter Rs.62 crores. So, we may see 
the same kind of run rate for next three quarters? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I think what we can share about digital definitely, as you can see, we are really getting good 
order book, good commitment from high quality customers particularly in US and other 
markets. So, I think that gives us confidence on the underlying business and the value we are 
creating for the customers. What I would say is, as we had shared last time also, our focus is to 
make the business breakeven by Q4. That's the current priority and that will happen by further 
scaling up the revenue and covering the fixed costs and other costs. So that's something that 
the leadership here, Raman is focused on, and we are confident the way the orders are 
progressing and the customer conversations that we should break even by Q4. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Pratik Singhania. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Singhania: 
My question is with respect to optical fiber interconnect business. So as compared to what we 
had planned at the start of the year and the actuals which are being reported, there's quite a 
bit of divergence into our expectation at the start of the year. So what steps are we doing to 
rectify that, how can we grow this business further as compared to its full potential? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Good question, Pratik, I think absolutely right. In the past, we had looked at how do we scale 
up this business probably even faster. I think some of our learnings that we did share last 
quarter as well is that the whole cycle that it takes from understanding the customer’s 
problems, creating some unique innovation, creating the IP, getting that approved through the 

 
Page 9 of 16 
technical cycle of the customers and then getting large scale, then trial rollout and larger scale 
rollout. I think that whole time period has probably been longer than we initially expected. We 
are much more mindful of the entire cycle now. Having said that, we are definitely in trials with 
various customers globally. And so it's one of those things where as more and more of our 
customers get comfortable and we successfully pass through this trial phase, we do expect 
good volumes to come up for the products. Another thing that we have done is very proactively 
invest both in the product development as well as the team development for this business. So, 
very happy to share that we have got onboard some very strong talent globally to help scale 
up this business. And on the customer end, we are also adding resources who are very 
comfortable with this product portfolio and really is looking at that package solution of cable 
as well as the interconnect together for our customers. So, I'm confident that probably by Q3, 
Q4 we should see some improvement in sales and certainly going into next year we are even 
more confident that the sales will come up. So, I agree with you. In summary, I think versus 
what we had thought of how this would scale up, there's been a lag. I think we've taken some 
of the learnings and I'm confident of our actions that this will start stepping up as we 
particularly go into H2 of this year. 
Pratik Singhania: 
So based on the revised plan in terms of the scale and the execution, what kind of an exit 
quarterly run rate you see by say FY24 end and by FY25 end? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We are not sharing that kind of forecast currently. What we had shared was about our vision 
of getting to a high attach rate if you remember in the past, versus that, as you can understand 
today, we are at a 10% attach rate. What I can say is clearly our intention would be to scale 
that up, both see that as an important lever with our customers and as we have shared the 
margins on our interconnect are closer to 30%. So, there is clearly an intent to scale it up also 
from a bottom line perspective. 
Pratik Singhania: 
My question would be with respect to the consultant that we have hired. So, what kind of 
conservative cost-cutting initiatives that you have taken would result into, and by when we can 
see the results percolating in our financials? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We won't be able to share too many details, but what I can share is as I said, it's a tier 1 
consultant who has experience specifically working with us on optimization of all our costs, 
also looking at our consumption, we had shared in the past where we had certain raw materials 
and gases which had high cost for us. So, we have been actively working with the consultant 
for a few months now. We do expect some of these benefits to start flowing in H2 of this year 
and some of it will come in Q2 as well. As we progress, we will share our overall cost 
improvements. We won't be able to share things directly linked to any specific consultant. 
Pratik Singhania: 
So, if you can quantify how many bps of EBITDA margin you are envisaging because of this 
entire exercise of cost initiatives? 

 
Page 10 of 16 
Tushar Shroff: 
Overall, the entire management team is presently working on it. So the kind of savings that we 
have been looking at is, some of the savings are under the evaluation stage. So at this point in 
time, we will not be able to actually quantify in terms of that whatever is the total savings that 
we will be able to generate, because these are our technical matters and which requires a 
thoughtful evaluation before implementing any changes, correct. So that's why at this point in 
time, it is too early for us to quantify any kind of a savings that we are planning to accrue for 
this particular financial year. But, definitely, the team is working on it, there are different 
projects, different teams which are working on various aspects, material costs, material 
consumptions, indirect spends. So, a lot of other areas that we have been working on to 
optimize the overall cost structure for this business. 
Pratik Singhania: 
So, in terms of the business environment in US as compared to last con call when we had 
discussed the environment to be a weaker for a couple of quarters as compared to last quarter, 
the scenario remains exactly same, worsen, better like what is the feel over there? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Good question. I would say, on the positive side, I think there is more clarity now with the 
announcement of BEAD, right. So I think that's clearly a massive quantum, $42.5 billion dollars. 
There's more clarity now around which states will get what kind of allocation, how will the flow 
happen and a lot of that will now start getting worked out and clearly we think at least 20% of 
that quantum there will be procurement and deployment starting to link to that starting in kind 
of mid of next year. So I think that's positive from a market perspective, and clearly as we said 
in the past, a vast portion of that will be directly optical fiber as the medium for connectivity. 
Again, most of the telecom operators have reiterated their focus on optical fiber and fiber 
deployment. So we continue to track that very closely. I think what we had shared is that 
probably for two quarters at that point we had shared that we see it taking time to go through 
the inventory. I would only add that continues to be the case. Whether it's two quarters or 
three quarters is the only X-factor in our view. So we are watching that closely. We'll certainly 
update you probably during the next set of results, but certainly nothing more has significantly 
changed. Our own interactions with customers remain very strong, as you would have seen 
with for example with our Windstream press release, customers are really appreciating our 
product portfolio, our innovation, the fact that we are now manufacturing locally in the US and 
supporting made in America. So I think these things are going quite well for us. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Kaushik Poddar. Kaushik, you may ask your 
question now. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
My question is with regard to the debt-EBITDA ratio of 3.5 that you have projected to be at 3.5 
at the end of this year. 
Tushar Shroff: 
I think it is 2.5 that is what we are looking at targeting. 

 
Page 11 of 16 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So will you be able to attain this with the current state of operation or you have factored in a 
rights issue or something of that sort? 
Tushar Shroff: 
So I think it's a mix of two things. One is it is mainly from the current operations at this point in 
time, because we are also working on cost optimization project and how effectively we are able 
to serve our customers in terms of the cost. So that's something that we have been working on 
and I think that also should start accruing over a period of time, and that should drive us in 
terms of generating better cash and should be able to reduce our debt. Similarly, on our GSB 
side, we have clear focus on execution. If we have been able to complete some of the projects 
in terms of a better execution, we will be achieving some of the critical milestone. That also 
will be able to help us in terms of releasing some cash which is blocked in some of these 
projects. So those are the two levers that should help us out in terms of releasing the cash and 
reducing the net debt-to-EBITDA. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
And also as some of the losses in our digital business comes down, to that extent that would 
improve our EBITDA. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
So you don't have any rights issue in the immediate future, right? 
Tushar Shroff: 
As of now, we continue to pursue, but we have not factored in this particular working at this 
point in time. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And this U.S. is talking about making US products and all those things. So, does that help with 
your operation in US, do you stand a better chance in the bids that are to be bid out in next 
year or something? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I would say broadly Kaushik, that's been the whole strategic intent of why we set up the 
cable factory there. It's really a world class facility we've set up there. We're very proud of it. 
When the whole intent there was to provide world class service locally to tier 1, tier 2 
operators, hyper scalers etc., that's certainly I would say helped us in terms of our branding 
and positioning and really providing that quick turnaround, quick service to the customers. And 
again to retreat customers like Windstream coming on board and being proud of the 
partnership. So that's the whole intent. Again with projects either with our current customers 
or large projects would be the whole intent is to support those projects through our local 
manufacturing. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And is the peak of CAPEX behind us and from next year onwards, there will be hardly any 
CAPEX, is that the way to read? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So I would say, see, currently we are in that range, if you see last year we were in the range of 
about 400, even this year we talked about 350, 400, but I think also linked to what Tushar just 
mentioned, looking very closely are a net debt, EBITDA, etc., We are re-evaluating all the CAPEX 

 
Page 12 of 16 
even for this year and going forward. We really want to make sure that we generate cash as a 
business and then can reduce our debt. So, I think those are the elements that we are just 
balancing. But overall, first priority is whatever capacity we have set up to make sure that we 
utilize those fully. As given the current lower volumes of Q1, etc., the first focus is to ensure 
we get the right customers, right orders and we fill up our factories. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take the question from the line of Mr. Sunny Gosar. You can ask your question now. 
Sunny Gosar: 
I had a couple of questions. So first is on the US market. So we were doing about Rs.750 crores 
plus kind of quarterly revenue run rate in US which has dropped below Rs.450 crores in this 
quarter. So although I understand that the demand is soft, but how should we look at in terms 
of number, so when this bounces back, say like in Q3 or Q4, do we expect to go back to that 
750 crores plus run rate? And second is, is this the bottom in terms of a quarterly run rate, it 
may not grow, but do you see that this is the bottom in terms of the quarterly performance in 
the US specifically? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, good question. So, I would say we're still watching the US market closely. I don't think we 
can say definitive when the demand will fully come back, because I told you it's a function of 
these 3-4 factors. How quickly do they deplete the high inventory that they have? Second is, 
how can they scale up the execution, which is a constraint. And then obviously their internal 
metrics around looking at the higher interest rate, etc., how quickly they want to deploy their 
capital. In principle, in our conversation with customers, their intent to roll out continues to be 
strong. So, it's more a function of going through the inventory and the other elements. That's 
why what we have been saying is that it will be two quarters. What I just shared a few minutes 
back is that it could be up to one more quarter where it takes that kind of time. Also, when we 
look at some of our peers in the industry, that's also similarly what we understand not only for 
STL, but also for our peers that it could be even up to end of this calendar year that it takes to 
run through the inventory and the fresh ordering comes through. So to your specific question, 
this is the time period it will take for us to get back our volumes. Principally, our customers 
remain committed with us. We are their preferred partners in many of the large customers 
plus as we have been able to start supplying from our US facility to them, that will also increase. 
We do share a good relationship with the customers. What we are doing in the meantime is to 
ensure that to saturate our facilities. We're looking at ensuring that we increase our volumes 
in other markets like APAC, India and the Middle East. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Just to harp on this a little bit more basically, do you expect that whenever this bounces back… 
I'm not saying, Q3, Q4, but this bounce back will be to the older levels or you feel that may take 
a much longer time like when you did more than 750 crores in a quarter, from 450 crores to 
750 crores, will this bounce back be as sharp whenever that is to happen or that that? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
See, it's a function of both things -- volume and realization, right. So, I think both things we are 
looking at closely. Again, it's a function of timing of the orders, other things. So, we could have 

 
Page 13 of 16 
some reduction in realization, but I think structurally from a volume perspective, we continue 
to see that to be strong. Again, it's a function of how quickly the depletion happens, particularly 
with our large customers, both in tier 1 operators as well as some of our distribution partners, 
we do see that volume coming back. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Second question is on the optical margin. So it's commendable that in spite of the operating 
deleverage, you guys have delivered like a 22% margin on the optical side. So, if you can help 
me understand like what has changed because we were seeing improvement in quarters before 
that, from the freight cost and some other cost elements reducing, but what has aided this 
improvement in spite of an operating deleverage? And once say your revenue goes back to 
your peak quarterly level, do we now look at a much higher base in terms of optical EBITDA 
margins going forward versus your earlier range of say 20%, 22% that you had been guiding, so 
do we now at a higher revenue base, look at much higher margins? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I'll make one comment and I'll pass to Tushar. I think it's two things we'll have to keep in mind, 
Sunny. One is how will our realizations particularly in U.S. market move going forward and 
that's what I was alluding to earlier. Today, we can't fully commit the same realizations, there 
could be some reduction in realizations going forward. So that's something we just have to 
watch on where that could take us. I think the second part overall on margins, to your point is 
also a function of how we see the interconnect scale up, may not be very substantial in second-
half and then it could further increase in the next year for example. So I just keep these two X-
factors in mind of what could also drive the margins going forward. 
Tushar Shroff: 
To your specific questions, I think this quarter also in spite the fact that we have lower volumes 
and in spite the fact we have been able to improve on the overall margin, so we are putting our 
all the efforts to ensure that we are at this kind of a margin in spite the fact that we have the 
challenges maybe in terms of making the volumes, but as an organization we are committed 
to maintain that kind of a cost basis, whether it is a direct spend or indirect spend to ensure 
that we are able to maintain the right profitability for that particular business. So, our approach 
is more disciplined as compared to in the past. So it is going to balance in terms of whatever 
we may have the impact in terms of realization, if realizations are at the current level, I'm sure 
that we will be able to improve on the overall margins, that is what is my outlook. 
Sunny Gosar: 
So on the global service business, we have again shown like very good margin performance. 
So, again some outlook on how should we look at margin going forward, is this the base going 
forward, can we see some improvement or this is the level that we should work with going 
forward? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So I think there's two parts to it. As we said, we are definitely focused on any projects we take 
on, whether private sector or in the public, we're very conscious of the margins and the cash 
flow. So I think that's definitely a very strong discipline with the CEO, Praveen and his team for 
this business. So I think that's something we continue to watch closely and I think we continue 

 
Page 14 of 16 
to see how we can keep these margins and see to improve them as well. The X factor certainly 
for our services business will be the BharatNet project which we should have better visibility in 
the coming months, but clearly that will be a large 3-4-5 year, execution that will happen and 
then maintenance of that going forward. So I think that's one X factor to keep in mind. I would 
give one caveat. We still have challenges with our UK business. We had talked about break-
even. it's been in that range of break even or marginal losses. So that's something we're 
watching closely on how we can turn that around so that overall the profitability of services 
can also improve. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We take a few questions from the chat in the meanwhile which has come. So one is on the 
digital business. So, when can digital business be EBITDA positive? And second is that can you 
give some more color on the strategic partnership that we have signed with SAP and Google 
and how are we looking at in the long run. 
Ankit Agarwal: 
On the first part, as I said, we are looking at break even in Q4 and probably get to positive 
EBITDA in Q1. I think as we stated, we have a strong team in place, we have 950 consultants, 
we have over 900 crores order book. So I think all the investments that STL has done into this 
business, this is the right time where the business scales up and starts performing. So I think 
we're at that phase. I think specifically to your question in terms of the details of the business, 
I can just give you some more details; so essentially, we have tied up a partnership with SAP, 
which is a market leader in ERP. Essentially, the objective is to help our clients to upgrade to 
resilient future proof and scale ready operations and we're essentially enabling them to be 
cloud-enabled for their business modernization and some of the key features of SAP, you might 
be aware with is for example, their eyes with SAP that they have. So, essentially the partnership 
pairs our digital services, C-Suite advisory and strategic implementation along with SAP's 
market leading expertise and enterprise software and cloud solutions. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
We'll take one more question from the chat. Can you talk about the working capital movement 
in the first quarter? 
Tushar Shroff: 
So as you know that we have three businesses in terms of optical network, service business 
and our digital business. Optical network and the service business is working capital-light, while 
the major working capital requirement is generally for the service businesses. As we continue 
to execute and progress on some of the contracts that we have been awarded with, the initial… 
till the time we don't achieve those milestones, we continue to invest in the working capital, 
that all will get released once we start to achieve the milestone which is required as per the 
tender conditions. So for this particular quarter, yes, we have made some investment in 
working capital for our GSB business. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
One more question in the chat is that for the USA, how much time it will take to clear the 
inventory, any data points if you can give, that would be helpful? 

 
Page 15 of 16 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I think we touched on it, so broadly as we said earlier in the last performance call, it would take 
two quarters. Our current view is it's somewhere between two and three quarters is what we 
see. We're tracking announcements by our customers and in our conversations as well we're 
seeing how we can support them, and at the same time, we ourselves are looking at other 
markets to increase the volumes. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
Probably one last question from the line of Mr. Kaushik Poddar again. Kaushik, you can ask your 
question. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Can you give us the rationale for this separation of the service business? And will the service 
business include your digital also? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, so Kaushik, this is a standalone what we call are global services business where we do large 
scale deployment of networks and we do system integration. So it's purely that vertical. So 
Kaushik, we had shared the rationale last time. I'll reiterate and Tushar can add. But, essentially, 
when we look at the businesses we are in, from our perspective, our customers and then we 
look at various stakeholders, looking at investors and we look at what is the underlying capital 
model of the business is. We clearly saw that particularly when we look at the optical business 
vis-à-vis the services business, these are fundamentally very different models where clearly a 
lot of working capital is required for the services business vis-a-vis optical is essentially more 
CAPEX-heavy, needs more investment in the manufacturing. One business is fairly global, tier 
1 telecom operators where we provide our cables and connectivity, and other is more system 
integration and more EPC kind of business. And also then looking at feedback from various 
stakeholders, we also realize that the investor profile is quite different for these businesses. 
So, clearly the intent is to scale up both the businesses, the optical business as well as services. 
And then we are looking at feedback, looking at inputs and advice, we felt it's best to look at a 
demerger. So both the businesses would be listed separately, as a one-to-one ratio and we do 
believe this will enable the right kind of investment into the two businesses separately and will 
help to scale up both the businesses. So that's at a high level the thought process. We are 
confident as we said that probably by Q1 of next year, we should complete this process and it 
will enable the growth of both the businesses. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And digital is not part of this service business, right? 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, that will stay with the current STL. 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, Kaushik, the detailed scheme of demerger is already uploaded on the website, and it's also 
available with the stock exchanges now. 
Pankaj Dhawan: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with this we come to the end of our question-and-answer session and I 
now hand it over back to Ankit Agarwal for closing remarks. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I'd like to thank everyone for attending this call, showing interest in our company and we hope 
to be able to address and clarify all your queries and comments. I'm personally very, very 
excited with how we see STL going forward. We really are taking an Indian brand globally and 
setting global benchmarks for manufacturing. We're really living through our purpose of 
connecting the unconnected and transforming millions of lives. I'm also very happy with our 
impact, how we enabling our country to move forward on 5G, how we're supporting our 
defense networks and we're connecting the remotest people of India on high quality optical 
fiber. So very, very bullish on playing our own role to take India forward. For any further 
comments, questions and discussions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team, 
which includes myself and Tushar. We really look forward to continuing the conversation with 
you in the near future. Thank you. Jai Hind. 
Tushar Shroff: 
Thank you. 
