 
 
 
E-Communication 
 
 
MSL/SEC/SE/2023-24                                                                          05 June 2023 
 
BSE Limited
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051                          
 
Stock Code: 500265                    Scrip Code: MAHSEAMLES 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of earnings conference call held on 29 May 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of earnings 
conference call held on 29 May 2023. 
 
Link to access above transcript is as under: 
 
https://www.jindal.com/msl/pdf/Transcript-of-Conference-Call-Q4-FY23-Earnings-Call.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ram Ji Nigam 
Company Secretary 
RAM JI NIGAM
Digitally signed 
by RAM JI NIGAM 
Date: 2023.06.05 
22:39:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
29 May 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KAUSHAL BENGANI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS & FINANCE, MAHARASHTRA SEAMLESS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKASH SINGH – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call of Maharashtra Seamless Limited, hosted by 
PhillipCapital India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh from 
PhillipCapital India Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Singh. 
Vikash Singh: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Maharashtra Seamless Q4 FY23 
con call. From the management side, actually, we have today with us 
Mr. Kaushal Bengani, Deputy General Manager, Investor Relations & 
Finance. Unfortunately, at the last moment, Mr. D.P. Jindal and Mr. 
Saket Jindal both had to travel. And unfortunately, they could not 
attend the call today. So today, from the management side, we have 
only Mr. Kaushal. Without taking any much time, I'll hand over the line 
to Kaushal. Kaushal, over to you, please. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you, Vikash. Good evening, and thank you all for joining our 
earnings call. We have concluded a fantastic financial year, with 
highest-ever revenue, highest-ever dispatches and highest-ever profit. 
Our visibility has improved manifold, and we have successfully 
penetrated new markets with newer import substitution and value 
addition products. Our financials have also reflected this development. 
I will briefly summarize key financial indicators. Quarter 4 FY23 was 
significantly better than quarter 3 FY23 as our revenue increased by 
22%. EBITDA increased by 27%. PAT and EPS increased by 85% and 
77%, respectively, from previous quarter. When we compare Q4 FY23 
with Q4 FY22, even then it was significantly better. Our revenue 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
increased by 16%. In this comparison, EBITDA increased by 60%. 
PAT and EPS increased by 172% and 156%, respectively, from 
corresponding quarter of last year. 
On an annual basis, the performance has also rapidly improved. Our 
revenue increased by 42% on an annual basis. EBITDA increased by 
72%. PAT and EPS increased by 12% and 11%, respectively, when 
compared to previous financial year FY22. ROCE in FY23 has also 
shot up to 21% from 13% in FY22. Please bear in mind that these 
percentages have been calculated after recasting our financials for 
previous year. Otherwise, these percentages would have been even 
higher based on previously reported financials of FY22. 
Apart from financials, there are four key points, which we would like to 
draw attention to. The first is the amalgamation of United Seamless 
with Maharashtra Seamless. We received final order from NCLT 
Mumbai in March 2023 for this amalgamation. Consequently, 
financials of FY22 and FY23 had to be recast as approved appointed 
date of the amalgamation was 01 October 2021. As a result of this 
recasting, a deferred tax asset of INR 378 crores was created on 01 
October 2021, which was the appointed date to incorporate carry-
forward business losses and unabsorbed depreciation of INR 1,503 
crores approximately. 
In FY22, INR 264 crores was set off from profit. And in FY23, INR 
954 crores was set off from profit, leading to a total set-off of INR 
1,219 crores. Consequently, our total tax saving over two financial 
years was INR 307 crores approximately. The amount remaining to be 
set off from profit of FY24 is INR 284 crores, which will be done in the 
first or the second quarter of this financial year. We are also entitled to 
refund of INR 122 crores approximately on account of advanced tax 
TDS and TCS deposited in FY22 and FY23. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
The second point that I would like to draw attention to is the issue of 
bonus shares and dividend, which was done in FY23. The bonus shares 
were issued in the ratio of 1:1, thereby doubling the equity capital of 
the company. This was done to improve liquidity and benefit our 
esteemed shareholders. In line with our commitment made earlier, we 
have maintained our dividend at 100%, thereby doubling the dividend 
paid out as equity capital of the company has also doubled. 
The next point is regarding dividend policy. FY23 is the first financial 
year after a long time where we have successfully been able to simplify 
our corporate structure and improve operations simultaneously in a 
meaningful manner. The decision to amalgamate United Seamless with 
Maharashtra Seamless, which was taken by our Board, has been fruitful 
on various accounts, with record sales and profits. 
We are at all-time highs with our cash reserves and order book. 
Therefore, at this point, considering numerous opportunities prevailing 
in the market, we want to consolidate our position with our improved 
balance sheet and will announce a dividend policy in due course. We 
remain firm on our commitment to use our cash balances judiciously 
and in core businesses only. 
The next point is regarding our inclusion in MSCI. We've been made 
part of the Morgan Stanley Capital Invest India Domestic Small Cap 
Index from 01 June 2023. This type of recognition has been made 
possible by efforts from all stakeholders for which we are thankful. It 
gives us the right impetus and reaffirms that our journey has been and 
will continue on the right path. 
I would now like to briefly take you through the presentation. The first 
slide talks about segments and capacities, which I'm sure all of you are 
aware of. The only point to note here is that we've actively been 
working on the installation of finishing facilities at United Seamless, 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
which will enable us to utilize the existing capacity of 1 lakh tons per 
annum, and we expect this installation to be completed in FY24. 
The next few slides talk about financials of the company, which I have 
already spoken about. On operational performance, we have dispatched 
4,36,000 tons in FY23, compared to 3,58,000 tons in FY22 in the 
seamless segment, which is an increase of 78,000 tons in the past year. 
Our production too has increased by 75,000 tons. ERW segment has 
more or less performed in line with our expectations. 
The EBITDA per ton has consequently gone up from INR 12,700 to 
INR 20,500, which is a significant jump and is reflective of the core 
operations -- the strength of the core operations of the company. The 
next slide is regarding the EBITDA mix. A point to note here is that the 
seamless segment accounts for 86% of the total EBITDA that is 
generated by the company. 
ICDs remain on a declining trend. They currently stand at INR 78 
crores. And in line with our commitment made earlier, these ICDs will 
be realized by March 2024. They have declined by almost 50% over the 
past year. Our liquid investments have increased by INR 388 crores, 
which is a 70% increase over the past year. And we are conserving our 
cash at this point in time so that we are able to consolidate our position 
in the market better with our improved balance sheet. We are net debt-
negative to the extent of INR 784 crores. Corporate guarantees are 
reducing in line with the guidance given earlier, and they will be fully 
extinguished by September 2024. 
Our order book has increased to INR 2,063 crores. We expect margins 
to remain steady based on current trend of seamless pipes prices. This 
is because our order book is supported by back-to-back booking of raw 
materials, leading to locking-in of margins and negating the impact of 
fluctuating raw material prices. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
An important point to note regarding our order book is that our revenue 
in Q4 FY23 increased by 22% compared to the revenue in Q3 FY23. 
However, despite increase in revenue, our order book has also 
increased by INR 119 crores. That is from INR 1,944 crores in January 
2023 to INR 2,063 crores currently. This is indicative of the buoyancy 
of the market and the frequency at which orders are being replenished. 
There is a sales and marketing update on Slide 17. And trends in the 
market on Slide 18, which I would strongly urge all participants to take 
a few minutes out and go through as it will give them a good indication 
of where demand is coming from and where we are headed. 
In our shareholding structure, as on 31st March, I'm pleased to inform 
you that promoter holding has increased. And in April and May 2023, 
we have had two marquee investors joining us, which would be 
reflected in greater details in next quarter. 
I would now hand over back to Vikash and request him to open for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We have the first question from the line of 
Pratiksha from Aequitas. Please go ahead. 
Pratiksha: 
Good evening. So my first question is basically, I wanted to understand 
what is the execution period for the order book that has been mentioned 
for both Telangana and the Maharashtra business? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Execution period is over four months. 
Pratiksha: 
Okay. All right. And with the capex plan, I just wanted to understand 
how much of the capex is going to be incurred in this year and that will 
be towards which project? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Around INR 250 crores is expected to be incurred in FY24. For 
projects which has been given highest priority is the finishing line 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
installation at United Seamless. The second project in order of priority 
is the cold drawn pipeline at Mangaon. 
Pratiksha: 
Okay. So a total of INR 250 crores for this year, out of INR 800 crores? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
INR 250 crores for this year. That is correct. 
Pratiksha: 
Okay. And we've not seen any domestic orders in the order book for the 
seamless segment apart from ONGC orders. The domestic order book 
has not seen any movement, so any particular reason? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We have done a reclassification because ONGC order was significant 
as a percentage of total order book. We have bifurcated that. The 
remaining 45% of the order book comprises other domestic orders and 
exports. 
Pratiksha: 
Okay. And what would be -- so -- okay. All right. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Divya Daga 
from Vijit Global Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Divya Daga: 
First of all, congratulations for such a great number. My first question 
is, sir, as I saw the PPT, there is a surplus cash that is liquid investment 
that we have in the long term and short term of INR 950 crores. How 
are we expecting it to utilize? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We've given out a capital allocation plan. And apart from that, we have 
doubled the dividend, which we have paid out. At this point in time, we 
are conserving our cash because there are various opportunities which 
are prevailing in the market. And we want to be in a position to 
consolidate onto those opportunities as our balance sheet is very strong. 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. My next question is in rig segment. This quarter, we have a 
profit of INR 727 lakhs as against negative INR 2 lakhs in quarter 3. Is 
it sustainable? And what number are we expecting in next -- this 
financial year? 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In the rig segment, we generate quarterly EBITDA of around INR 9 
crores on a regular basis. However, there is a mark-to-market, which is 
done on the loan taken for the exchange rate, which is in US dollars. 
When dollar appreciates, our mark-to-market is negative. And when 
dollar depreciates, our mark-to-market is positive. So in this quarter 
ending March 23, there was a slight depreciation of the US dollar, 
which led to the positive mark-to-market, which reflects a higher profit. 
But this mark-to-market is notional, and there will be no actual cash 
outflow on account of this mark-to-market because inflows in the rig 
segment are also in US dollars. 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. And what will be the number we can expect in FY24 in this 
segment? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
INR 9 crores every quarter EBITDA. So it will be INR 36 crores 
EBITDA for the entire year. 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. And in this financial year, we have an operating profit margin of 
around 17% to 18%. Are we having any guidance for FY24 regarding 
that? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We expect margins to remain good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Mangesh 
Kulkarni from Almondz Global Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to know about 
this Telangana facility. Our existing capacity is 2 lakhs, and after 
finishing line installation, it will go up by 1 lakh, right? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No. Our existing capacity is to 2 lakhs, out of which we are able to 
utilize only 1 lakh tons. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: Okay. So after... 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
So in terms of the finishing facility, we'll be able to utilize the existing 
capacity of 1 lakh tons, which is currently unutilized. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: Okay, sir. And one more question regarding over this. You have said 
that since you wanted to conserve the capital for the growth 
opportunities, so are we looking at any inorganic growth opportunity in 
this? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Not immediately, but we want to maintain a position where if a suitable 
opportunity in NCLT arises, then we can capitalize on that. I would like 
to say that we had acquired United Seamless through the NCLT route, 
and we have reaped significant dividends for the company on account 
of that acquisition. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: Yes, sir. I know that. So any other opportunities in NCLTs are currently 
there? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are on the lookout for opportunities, but we would not want to 
specify names at this point because it is at a preliminary stage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ramanan V from MK 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Ramanan V: 
Congratulations for an excellent performance. I had three questions all 
pertaining to margins. Now first is, of course, we have the order book. 
Again, as you said, it is definitely higher than what we saw in January. 
Now just to understand from a pricing perspective, this is kind of 
similar because we had almost a peak kind of margin in the fourth 
quarter. So from a pricing perspective, the current order book also 
reflects a similar kind of pricing and margin. That is the first one. 
Second question is in terms of the EBITDA that we have seen also. It's 
gone up from INR 12,000 to INR 20,000-odd. Now is that -- what 
would -- what, according to you, would be a sustainable EBITDA 
margin over a longer period of time? Because we had a lot of 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
headwinds -- sorry, we had a lot of tailwinds benefiting us in the 
current year -- the previous year. Now what would be a sustainable 
margin that we should look to going forward on that? 
And lastly, of course, again, touching on this, we have a lot of capex, 
which are primarily by way of value adds, okay? And how much does 
that help to sustain or enhance the margins? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you. On the order book, the component of ONGC and Oil India 
is 55% of total order book. Traditionally, ONGC and Oil India orders 
are higher-margin orders compared to other orders. So that is why we 
expect margins to remain steady going forward. 
Regarding the EBITDA per ton increase from INR 12,700 to INR 
20,500, we do not want to provide a specific number of the EBITDA 
per ton going forward, but we reaffirm that margins will remain steady 
and they will remain good. 
The third point was regarding capital expenditure. We are putting in all 
efforts to ensure that the finishing line facility is installed at the earliest 
because that will help us to immediately double our production at 
United Seamless. So in the previous financial year, FY 23, we had 
produced and dispatched 88,000 tons in United Seamless. If we have a 
finishing line installed, then we'll be able to immediately double the 
production, which means that the EBITDA generated from that unit 
will also double, which will bring down overall cost and improve 
margins substantially after the finishing line is installed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Agrawal from 
RC Wealth Solutions Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Agrawal: 
How much capacity utilization right now, where we are? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, I cannot hear you. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Excuse me. Yes, sir. Sir, I would request you to kindly use your 
handset, please? 
Ankur Agrawal: 
Yes. I'm on handset. The capacity utilization, how much? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, our seamless capacity is 4,50,000 at Maharashtra and 2 lakh tons at 
Telangana, out of which 1 lakh tons is currently being utilized. For the 
remaining 1 lakh tons at Telangana, we are in the process of installation 
of a finishing line, which will help us in utilization of the 1 lakh tons. 
On the ERW front, our capacity is 1,25,000 tons per year. 
Moderator: 
Sir, the participant has left the queue. We move on to the next question, 
which is from the line of Nirav Shah from GeeCee Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirav Shah: 
I mean are we sharing any FY24 guidance on the seamless and ERW 
volume separately? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are not giving specific guidance on the volumes or margins of 
FY24. However, we can comfortably say that margins will remain 
steady and they will remain good. And on the tonnage front, we expect 
the tonnage dispatch to improve in the range of 5% to 10%. 
Nirav Shah: 
Okay. On a blended basis, seamless plus ERW combined. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
On the seamless front. 
Nirav Shah: 
Okay. So you're saying 5%. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
A range of 5% to 10%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from 
Alpha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers. Sir, as per exchange 
disclosure, we are taking a maintenance shutdown at our Telangana 
facility. So will that impact our Q1 volumes and dispatches? 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Thank you. The Q1 volumes will be impacted to some extent. But the 
facility at United Seamless is currently dispatching around 7,000 tons 
to 8,000 tons per month. So to that extent, we can see an impact on the 
tonnage. However, at Maharashtra Seamless, we will have consistent 
tonnage. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the tax benefit, we are getting tax benefit for the 
last two quarters. So what kind of should we assume for the future? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The tax benefit was on account of accumulated losses and unabsorbed 
depreciation, which were present in United Seamless. The amount of 
unabsorbed depreciation and accumulated losses, which remain as on 
31st March 2023 is INR 284 crores. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
So for the coming few quarters, we will be taking the benefit of this? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Over next one or two quarters, it will get fully absorbed and set off 
against the profit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Bhimrajka 
from JM Financials. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: Sir, can you just share your views on the outlook with respect to the 
seamless division? Because we've seen that the outlook seems to be 
quite encouraging and even the order book seems to be increasing. So 
any view on where our order book would stand maybe by the end of 
this financial year by FY24? And also, if we can share that with respect 
to the macro outlook, are we seeing any stress on the pricing front? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Our order book is at an all-time high of INR 2,063 crores. Orders are 
being received on a daily basis, and they are being dispatched on a 
daily basis. We see no problem in the feasibility of orders or in pricing. 
Therefore, we expect a strong order book for the rest of the financial 
year. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Regarding macroeconomic trends or the efforts that we are putting in to 
ensure that our order book remains strong, I have detailed them in 
Slides 17 and Slide 18. And if you want, we can discuss them in detail 
off-line. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: Okay. And sir, just to ask, like add on to it. So if we are having such 
strong deliveries, then, sir, how can we improve our working capital 
cycle? Because we still have inventory days over maybe 120 days, 130 
days. And overall, our working -- and our cash conversion cycle also 
seems to be on the higher side. So if you are having such kind of a 
scenario where our orders are being dispatched mainly on a -- I mean, 
as you mentioned, it's quite strong, then sir, where can we see the 
working capital cycle being improved to? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
There is a reason for the working capital cycle to be the way it is. When 
we get an order, we immediately buy raw material for the order. The 
reason we do that is because we want to maintain our margins and 
prevent fluctuations in the margins on account of fluctuating raw 
material prices. So when you say that we have an order book of INR 
2,063 crores, what that also means is that quite a large portion of that is 
already covered by raw material. 
So against an order book of INR 2,063 crores, we have raw material of 
around INR 1,400 crores, INR 1,500 crores. And that is the model on 
which we operate, which ensures that we get stable EBITDA margins. 
If you look at our EBITDA margins over the past five quarters, then 
they have been -- consistently been between 17% to 19% in the past 
four quarters, and they've been 14% in quarter 4 FY22. So in order to 
maintain your EBITDA margins, we have to put in funds towards 
inventory, thereby making it a very capital-intensive business. 
Dhruv Bhimrajka: Okay. And just on the last part, sir, as of now, as -- even the earlier 
participant also mentioned that we are having net cash on our books. 
And you planned the capex of over INR 1,000 crores in the next few 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
years, I mean, approximately INR 2,000 crores. So with that, how are 
financial provision look like, if you can give some picture on that? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Capex is INR 852 crores. And the entire capex will be funded from 
internal accruals. There will be no debt of any kind, which will be taken 
to fund the capex. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh: 
Just sir, on this expansion that we have taken in Telangana, would it be 
right to say that I mean with the 10% -- 5% to 10% tonnage dispatch 
that you're guiding for FY24, a good chunk would be coming from 
Telangana considering you have decided to do a capex there? I mean 
you have got the traction, but you kind of supplied with the current 
facility? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
In FY24, that will not be the case because in FY24, we will be in the 
process of installing and commissioning the finishing line. In FY25, we 
can see improved volumes on account of this finishing line. 
Vignesh: 
What is the tentative time line for -- starting of the line in Telangana? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
At this point in time, we expect it to be completed within FY24. 
Vignesh: 
Okay. Right. My second question is on line of -- sorry. Yes, so what 
would be our total capex for FY24? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Around INR 250 crores. 
Vignesh: 
Okay. And does that include the solar plant and that you're planning to 
install? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
No, it does not include solar at this point. There are two projects which 
we are focusing on. The first is the finishing line installation at 
Telangana and the cold drawn pipes at Mangaon. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni 
from Almondz Global Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: I just wanted -- Slide number 16 and 17, you have given very good 
outlook on the order -- means opportunities for our kind of business. So 
looking at this, what kind of order intake we expect in the year FY24? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We expect consistent order intake. So at this point in time, assuming 
we had unlimited funds, then we can take orders going into 2024 -- 
calendar year 2024. We can maintain that order book. But because we 
work in a disciplined manner and we want to utilize funds judiciously, 
when we take an order, we buy raw materials immediately so that our 
margins are locked in. There is no dearth of orders. There is no problem 
in visibility of orders. This is evident because our sales in quarter 4 
increased by 22% compared to the sales in quarter 3. And our order 
book in January was at INR 1,944 crores, and currently, our order book 
is at INR 2,063 crores. So whilst, sales and dispatches have increased in 
the past quarters, our order book has also increased. This only indicates 
that the market is buoyant and there is good visibility of orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. Mr. Kapoor, please proceed with 
your question. I have unmuted your line. As there is no response from 
the current participant, we move on to the next question, which is from 
the line of Amol Rao from Kitara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amol Rao: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. One is order book is at an all-time high. 
So just could share some color on if there is any more OCTG order in 
the order book? Because -- is this all primarily just driven by oil and 
gas, or is there some automobile or engineering order also, which is 
there in the book this time now? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We have orders from the boiler segment and from refineries as well. 
We also have some orders from certain entities, which are eventually 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
used in general engineering. It is not entirely OCTG. Significant 
portion of the order book is ONGC and Oil India, and a large portion of 
the exports is OCTG products, but the balance, to a large extent, 
comprises boiler segment and general engineering. 
Amol Rao: 
Would it be safe to assume that this is around 10% to 15% of the order 
book or slightly lesser? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It is more than 10% to 15%. 
Amol Rao: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. Sir, one more question. I mean in this order book, I 
mean, specifically, is the quantum of exports a little lower than usual? 
And if it is, is it a conscious decision on our part to -- going or divert 
our capital towards taking orders from the domestic segments versus 
the export because export could be a slightly lower-margin product at 
the timely? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes, you're right on both counts. It is a conscious decision. And the 
reason why we took the conscious decision is because ONGC and Oil 
India have been long-time customers of Maharashtra Seamless, and we 
want to... 
Amol Rao: 
No question about it. That's capital maximization. So we are not 
complaining. Lastly, just on a trend on a trend-wise basis in solar in the 
OCTG business. In the export markets, although, I mean, we supply 
primarily to the US, what are we noticing there? Is there any softness in 
the market, or is the market steady? Because the amount of risk hasn't 
moved much. But what about the demand part on the onshore segment, 
is that market steady? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Demand in the export market is steady in US and Canada. The rig 
counts have come down by 10 rigs or 12 rigs out of 750 rigs, 740 rigs. 
But that is a minor movement considering the total number of rigs 
which are operating in US and Canada. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pritesh from 
Lucky Investment. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, as a group, what are we doing for value creation in the separate 
companies? And are we sticking forward towards untangling all the 
costs investments that we have in the company, especially Maharashtra 
Seamless jointly owning some rigs with Jindal Drill? Any of those 
thought processes, sir? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We are in the process of simplifying our structure and we had started 
that process in 2019. Every year, we are undertaking either some large 
decision or some corporate action to assist in simplifying the structure 
and making respective companies more attractive for shareholders and 
investors. We are on that path. And we are consistently working 
towards it. 
Even now when we gave these results, we have amalgamated United 
Seamless with Maharashtra Seamless, thereby reducing the number of 
subsidiaries. And if you look at financials of Maharashtra Seamless on 
a consolidated basis versus financials of Maharashtra Seamless from a 
stand-alone basis, you will now realize that there is practically no 
difference between these 2 financials. Almost everything is in 
Maharashtra Seamless, stand-alone. 
So you are right, we are working on making our corporate structure 
more simple and more investor-friendly. 
Pritesh: 
So now what remains in Maharashtra Seamless is, outside the pipes 
business, your interest in rigs? Or do you have any other interest as 
well? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
We have a wind and solar division, a renewable energy division, which 
is largely used for captive consumption. So we have a seamless pipes 
segment. We have an ERW segment. We have a renewable energy 
segment, and we have a rig segment. On the rig segment, we had 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
communicated earlier that after May 2025, we will take a decision on 
this. It will either be sold off or hived off depending on the situation 
prevailing at that point in time. 
Pritesh: 
Sell off the rig. 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Either that or hived off in May 2025, when the current contract of the 
rig expires. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. What is the outlook that you shared on the drilling rig business 
in terms of the rigs that you have? What kind of -- are there any 
contract negotiations, contract repricing that is going to set in? What 
kind of revised rigs are you seeing on the rigs that you own, the 
Maharashtra Seamless rigs? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
So the rig that is owned by Maharashtra Seamless, it was earlier 
deployed at a very low rate. And currently, it is deployed at $23,000 
per day for Maharashtra Seamless. This rig is deployed onward with 
ONGC at $38,000. Day rate of rig Jindal Explorer, which is the rig 
which Maharashtra Seamless owns improved by 60% to 70% when the 
contract came for repricing in 2022. 
Pritesh: 
When is the next repricing lined up for rigs? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
May 2025. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. So was repriced -- the repricing is already part of your P&L 
today? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Hemant, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hemant: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, I had attended 
the Q3 FY23 earnings call, on con call. There, I had asked for the 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
revenue guidance for FY24. It was told to me that it will be updated in 
the next call. So any target which you have mind -- in which you have 
in mind for FY24 in terms of revenue? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, we do not want to give revenue or margin guidance on a specific 
basis. However, we can say that considering the market is very good, 
our order book is also very good. We expect good performance on our 
part, and our margins are expected to remain steady. On tonnage front, 
we can comfortably say that in the seamless segment, there will be 
improvement in tonnage in the range of 5% to 10%. 
Hemant: 
Sir, one more thing, maybe not for FY24. So we have a total capex of 
INR 850 crores – INR 852 crores exactly to be lined up until FY26. So 
what kind of asset turn will be -- you can -- or maybe what kind of 
incremental revenue we can have from INR 852 crores capex? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
It depends on the kind of revenue -- sorry, it depends on the kind of 
expenditure which will be implemented at a certain point in time. 
However, in our slide, we have given line-wise bifurcation of the 
revenue improvement, which will take place on account of the capital 
expenditure. 
Hemant: 
Okay. And I'll have a look. And one more thing... 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Slide 14 of our presentation. 
Hemant: 
Yes. Estimated annual return will increase by INR 800 crores. Yes. 
Okay. So sir, one more thing. As for the Q2 FY23 PPT, there was a 
target dispatch for FY23 of 4,70,000 metric tons, including both 
Maharashtra Seamless and United Seamless, 3,65,000 for Maharashtra 
Seamless and 1,05,000 for United Seamless. So together, it comes to 
4,70,000. And I think we have missed the number. It's the 436 -- as I 
mean 4,36,000. So can you briefly explain what is the reason behind 
there? 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
The reason -- when that guidance was given, we had not expected to 
take preventive maintenance in one of our mills, in Maharashtra 
Seamless at Nagothane. So because of preventive maintenance, the mill 
was not manufacturing for one month, which led to a reduction in the 
quantity dispatched. However, please bear in mind that in the call for 
the first -- in the call for the fourth quarter of FY22, I had given 
EBITDA guidance of INR 895 crores for the combined United 
Seamless and Maharashtra Seamless entities. Against that INR 895 
crores EBITDA guidance which was given, we have achieved INR 
1,038 crores, which is an improvement of more than -- of around 15% 
in the given EBITDA guidance. 
Hemant: 
Correct. Correct. Sir, one more thing. Whenever we have mentioned 
with the estimated annual turnover increases by INR 800 crores, I was -
- I am just taking a look at the slide. So by what time line can we 
expect this? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Sir, the finishing line installation is expected to be completed in FY24. 
Once that is completed, then the next financial year, you will see an 
increase in turnover by INR 800 crores at least because we'll be able to 
utilize the entire capacity of 2 lakh tons, against which we are currently 
able to utilize only 1 lakh ton. 
Hemant: 
So you mean to say that the activation of the installation of 1 lakh 
metric ton of United Seamless will increase the turnover by INR 800 
crores at full capacity? 
Kaushal Bengani: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kaushal Bengani, 
Deputy General Manager, Investor Relations & Finance, for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited 
 
 
29 May 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Kaushal Bengani: 
I would like to thank all investors for taking time out of their schedule 
and participating in our call. We have been working to make our 
organization more investor-friendly, and we have been trying to do 
things which improve efficiency and profitability of the company, 
thereby increasing value for shareholders. We have doubled the 
dividend, which we've paid out. We have improved our reporting 
standards. To that line, we have also announced our AGM date of 28 
August 2023, which is one month earlier than our usual AGM date, and 
we are consistently trying to improve to meet the expectations, and we 
will value feedback which we get. Thank you for joining us, and I'll see 
you again in the next investor call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
