 
No. 2019/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356 
 
 
 
 
June 06, 2023   
  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda 
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542830 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G, 
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet – Transcript of “Q4FY’23 
Earnings Conference Call” held on May 30, 2023. 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
  
Sir/Ma’am, 
  
In reference to our communication dated May 25, 2023, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of “Q4FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” held on May 
30, 2023. 
  
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
   
Thanking you. 
  
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Indian Railway Catering and  
Tourism Corporation Limited 
  
 
  
(Suman Kalra) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F9199 
Encl: a/a 
 

 
“Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
Limited 
Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS.RAJNI HASIJA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR–INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING AND 
TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
MR. AJIT KUMAR – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER –INDIAN RAILWAY CATERING 
AND TOURISM CORPORATION LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
Page 1 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indian Railway Catering and Tourism 
Corporation Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital Markets 
Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Renju. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we welcome you all 
to the Q4 FY '23 Conference Call of IRCTC Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the 
management of IRCTC, represented by Smt. Rajni Hasijaji, who is CMD of the company; and 
Mr. Ajit Kumar ji, who is Director, Finance and CFO of the company. 
And now, I would like to hand the conference over to IRCTC management to take the 
proceedings forward. Over to you, please. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Very good afternoon to everyone present here and a very warm welcome to you and all the 
presentees to this con call of IRCTC Limited for the quarter and the year ended 31, March 
2023. Wishing you and your dear ones a very good health also. 
Yesterday, your company had announced audited financial results for the fourth quarter and 
year ended 31st March 2023 and the same has been disclosed on both the stock exchanges 
website also. 
I shall first give you a brief overview about quarter -- the last quarter of fiscal '23 and the 
overall results of the financial year '23 also, post which our Director Finance and CFO, will 
provide the details of the performance of our business segments post which we shall have a 
question-and-answer session too. 
The last quarter of financial year '23, the revenue was all-time high. That is INR965 crores, a 
very strong growth of 5.1% quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, the growth has been 
39.7% has been seen.In the last quarter of financial year '23 the tourism segment has been the 
main driver of the quarter-over-quarter revenue growth, given that the quarter is seasonally the 
best quarter for the segment. 
As you would be aware about the difference in the profitability of our business segments, the 
change in the business mix resulted in the EBITDA margins coming to 33.6% versus 35.5% 
quarter-over-quarter and 40.3% year-over-year.Importantly, the absolute EBITDA of 
INR324.6 crores was in line with the INR325.8 crores in the third quarter of financial year '23. 
The net profit before exceptional items for the quarter, last quarter of financial year '23 came to 
253 crores that is INR253 crores, vis a visINR254 crores in the third quarter of the financial 
year and INR218 crores in the last quarter of the previous year. 
Page 2 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
For the year FY23 as a whole, the revenue which has been lifetime high for the IRCTC came 
to be INR3,541.5 crores and grew by 88.5% year-over-year. That is the absolute EBITDA 
came at INR1,276 crores with 46.3% year-over-year and EBITDA margin came at 36% versus 
46.4% year-over-year given the changes in revenue mix. Life time high net profit before 
exceptional items also came. That is at INR978.7 crores versus INR663.6 crores from the last 
year. 
The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of INR2 per share, subject to 
shareholders' approval, which takes the total dividend of INR5.5 per share for the financial 
year '23, highest ever dividend declared by IRCTC so far. 
I would like to conclude my opening remarks by saying that IRCTC has demonstrated once 
again a resilient business model during and most importantly, post the COVID-19 pandemic. It 
is its resilience that would keep the company to continue on its growth path in the future as 
well. 
Now I shall be handing over the call to my colleague and our Director and CFO, Shri. Ajit 
Kumar, to brief you on the financial and segment-wise performance of the company. Thank 
you very much, gentlemen. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and I hope you and your dear ones are good health. I shall first 
give a brief overview about Q4 FY '23 results, post which we'll have the question-and-answer 
session. 
Q4 FY '23 revenue saw another quarter with strong growth both on quarter-over-quarter and 
year-over-year basis. Revenue of INR965 crores grew by 5.1% quarter-over-quarter and by 
just under 40% year-over-year. 
Given that tourism segment with relatively lower margin was the key driver for quarter-over-
quarter revenue growth, the overall EBITDA margin, 33.6% versus 35.5% quarter-over-
quarter and 40.4% year-over-year. However, we have been able to maintain the absolute 
EBITDA almost at Q3 FY '23 levels. Net profit before exceptional items for Q4 FY '23 came 
at INR253 crores versus INR254 crores in Q3 FY '23 and INR218 crores in Q4 FY '22. 
Let us move to the business segment. Now the first one, Internet Ticketing segment that 
continues to demonstrate its resilience and with conversion of reserved tourist ticket back to 
unreserved tickets during the past pre-pandemic period, revenue for the quarter was at INR295 
crores which declined by just 2% quarter-over-quarter and grew by 0.8% year-over-year. 
However, EBIT margin came at 88.1% versus 84.2% quarter-over-quarter and 91.5% year-
over-year. 
Next segment, the Catering segment. That reported revenue of INR395.8 crores, implying 
growth of 0.4% quarter-over-quarter and 48.7% year-over-year. However, the EBIT margin 
improved to 12.1% versus 10.7% quarter-over-quarter and 9.4% year-over-year. 
The third important segment, the Tourism. The Tourism segment saw a strong growth of 38% 
quarter-over-quarter and 1.5x year-over-year to INR204 crores, which is all-time high and well 
Page 3 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
above the pre-pandemic level. EBIT margin for the segment improved further to 13.5% versus 
10.8% quarter-over-quarter and a loss on year-on-year basis. In Q4 FY '23, the revenue share 
of the Tourism segment increased to 21.1% versus 16.1% quarter-over-quarter and 11.6% 
year-over-year.As you would know, given that the EBIT margin for the segment is lower than 
the company average, it has resulted in the moderation of overall margin profile of the quarter. 
Now next important segment, Railneer. Railneer saw Q4 FY '23 revenue of INR 70.10  crores, 
implying a decline of 6.7% quarter-over-quarter and a growth of 35.2% year-over-year. 
Reported EBIT margin improved to 18.6% versus 11.8% quarter-over-quarter and a loss on a 
year-on-year basis. 
For Q4 FY '23, the capex was 21.64 crores  and total capex for the FY '23 was INR135.4 
crores. The cash and bank balance and net worth of the company as of the end of FY '23 is 
INR1,934 crores and INR2,480 crores, respectively. 
That will be the end of my -- the opening remarks. Now we can straight move to the question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. The first question comes 
from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity.Initially, if you can help with the convenience revenue for the 
quarter and also the number of the tickets books? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Can you please come again? Your voice initially was not audible. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. Madam, I wanted to know, what was the convenience revenue and the total number of 
tickets booked for the quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Okay. The first -- I will answer your second question first. The total numbers of 10.44 crores 
tickets have been booked during the last quarter of Q4FY 23and 14.54 crores passengers have 
been booked on these tickets. 
And then you said the revenue from this, total INR802 crores was the total revenue of the 
ticketing in the entire financial year. And in the last quarter, the convenience fee that we have 
received is nearly INR197 crores in the last quarter. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, madam. My second question is with respect to our Catering business. So if I remember 
correctly, our Catering reach was approximately 1,203 including TSV and pantry car until the 
last quarter. 
So the question is, have we been able to extend the count over here? And also, what is the total 
opportunity size in terms of number of trains that we can service. So basically, I thought of 
asking this question as not all suburban trains would require catering support, especially the 
ones that ply on the short distance, so yes, your thoughts on this. 
Page 4 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
See, before COVID, we were having nearly 417 trains if you recall correctly. Now these 417 
trains will be pantry car. So now the 417 trains figure has increased, and we have now the 
contracts available for 492 trains, which has been awarded by IRCTC till the last month. 
In addition to these 492 trains, we also have a Train Side Vending contracts available for 
nearly, 675 touch screens. And many of -- I think more than 300 train contracts is in -- still in 
the pipeline because we are, as of now, we are going for our short-term tenders. And this is a 
continuous process and every -- after  six months, the cycle repeats. 
So as of now, you can see more than 1,100 trains are available with the IRCTC on contract. 
Out of which more -- nearly 50% trains are with the pantry car and rest of the trains are under 
Train Side Vending. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, madam. Just one follow-up on this train  side vending . You mentioned that more than 
1,100 trains are available, but I wanted to know the opportunity size, so... 
Rajni Hasija: 
All Vande Bharat, which are coming are being added as a fleet.  The contracts are being 
awarded by the IRCTC there is one addition. Any new trains being operated by Indian 
Railways, the contracts are being awarded by IRCTC only. 
So we have a right -- you can say that so far, I think Honourable Prime Minister has announced 
that 75 new Vande Bharat are going to be operated. Out of which, I think 17 have started. All 
such operations are being looked at by IRCTC. The more trains are going to be there in the 
pipeline, the more services are going to be available for IRCTC. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, madam. One last question from my side. That is on the balance sheet, especially 
pertaining to the receivable days. So if I remember correctly, in the past, we have worked out 
in the Indian Railways whereby majority of the payment pertaining to catering also happened 
on the day of the service itself, which essentially should have led to an improvement in our 
receivable cycle so to say. But apparently, if I look at our receivable days for FY '23, it is at 
about 118-odd which is not materially different than the past. So has the change really come 
into effect? 
Rajni Hasija: 
There was a software to be made. Ministry of Railway decided, even yesterday also there was 
a testing. If everything goes well with the testing, it is likely to be started in the coming month. 
So we -- as our services are booked for a train, accordingly the customer will be paying online. 
So we would be receiving nearly 68.5% of that revenue directly the next day. So that testing is 
being done. Our team is also involved. Once the testing is in place, you will find some changes 
in the preceding months -- in the forthcoming months. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got it. So basically, our receivables cycle should improve going ahead, that is the 
understanding. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It will rather.Because we are going to get -- earlier you used to get the amount after 120 days. 
And after 120 days, sometimes it is taken by the railways to reimburse the amount. So we had 
a lead time of more than six months in getting, that is why you are saying six months. So 
Page 5 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
maybe now as soon as the ticket is booked, journey may be after 120 days but at least 68% of 
the revenue will be available with you. 
That program has been developed by our technical body in place. It is being tested by Railway 
Finance. It is being tested by IRCTC Finance and our operational teams too on both the sides.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
 
Sure, madam. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Thank you, Jignesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Bahirwani from Vijit Global Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
Yes, thank you for giving me the opportunity.I had a couple of questions. First is, what are 
your growth plans in Railneer segment? The capacity is around 14.8 lakh litres per day and 
utilization is around 70%. At what levels can we expect it to grow further? 
Rajni Hasija: 
You said our capacity is nearly 14 lakh litres but per day production of the Railneer is now 
15.5 lakh litres a day. We have 16 plants in operation. And our Bhubaneswar and Vijayawada 
is going to the operational soon. And the plants which are being operated by us. We are also 
thinking of increasing their capacity also.So like we have certain sales available before the 
plant. So we are trying to increase the capacity of that, but as well, in addition to making the 
new plants, which are going to be commissioned soon in Bhubaneswar, Vijayawada, Kota and 
Simhadri. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
And what can be the utilization level can we expect in future? 
Rajni Hasija: 
As of now, in the last financial year, the fiscal we are talking about, our capacity utilization has 
been nearly 73.32%. So as that really is picking up, we are increasing our capacity utilization 
in many of the cases. Yesterday, we also had our cost audit, and it was also observed that the 
utilization of -- the plant capacity utilization has improved a lot as compared to the pre-COVID 
levels, COVID levels also. 
And we are in process since we are going to increase their capacity also and the utilization of 
the not only the existing assets but the asset going to be added because since we have to meet 
the demand, so we'll have to increase the production from these plants as well. So you will find 
some good improvement on a better side as well as the capacity utilization is concerned. 
May and June are the peak periods, July in fact. Now the Railneer demand is throughout the 
year, except for the month when we have winters. So you will find more or less good capacity 
utilization throughout the year, except for the maintenance days. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
Okay. Okay. And my second question was what's the update on the payment aggregator 
license, which is pending since last 2 quarters? And just wanted to understand, will it help in 
bringing additional revenues or it will help in cutting down the cost? 
Rajni Hasija: 
It will help. The payment gateway business, yes, we had applied for the license. We were stuck 
up in between, many changes had to be made. We are -- iPay licensing, we had applied to RBI. 
Page 6 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
RBI has given us certain guidelines. We are complying with that guidelines. We are in the 
process of following. As a follow-up, we are about to submit 2 papers to them very soon. 
As far as the revenue from the iPay is concerned, let me explain you that our revenue from the 
payment gateway has been very good this year. This has been nearly INR67.37 crores from the 
payment gateway. And out of this, the net profit has been around -- without GST hedging 
INR38.09 crores. So the revenue projection is larger. That is why we are going ahead till that 
time, it is not there we are going with only with Easy. 
We have not stopped the Easy work. But an aggregator model, yes, we are going to increase 
the revenue once we are through. The process is not that simple sir, it requires lots of efforts, 
that team is -- and the entire process has to be rebuilt, so we are doing that. The technical 
changes are also in the pipeline and as well as our approvals are also in the pipeline. You will 
hear the good news in the days to come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital 
Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir, thank you for the opportunity.My question is on the Vande Bharat side. If you can 
give us a little bit of brief which are the -- how is the pipeline and which are the companies 
that we are having contracts if we can disclose? And apart from that, why are other expenses -- 
sorry, why our other income has increased from previous quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
First is that the other income is from the other resources, the interest has gone up. 
Ajit Kumar: 
due to increase in FD rates.. 
Rajni Hasija: 
And increasing. FD rates also. FD rates have improved, so the interest has improved so other 
income has improved. Answer to your second question, ma'am. The answer to your first 
question is some light on the Vande Bharat. As far as the operation of train is concerned, it is 
controlled by the Ministry of Railways. We know that much as you have read in the newspaper 
that the trains are going to be inaugurated. 
The Vande Bharat so far we are operating doing the entire hospitality business, services are 
being provided by IRCTC on Vande Bharat. As of now, we are providing services and nearly 
17 Vande Bharat. So these services are there. Many -- if railway decides to operate more and 
more trains, we would be providing services in all. And who would be getting the contract, 
who's running the contract may not be that important. Important is the license fee that IRCTC 
is getting. And rest of the operation part, IRCTC is handling well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.Next question comes from the line of Akshay Bhor from Citadel. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Bhor: 
My question is on the Internet Ticketing business and group as we think about the next year in 
this business because ultimately this contributes to about 80% of your EBIT contribution. I just 
want to understand what are the levers from here for you to deliver growth in this business in 
terms of either Internet penetration increase or number of passengers increase? And how do we 
think about each of these elements? 
Page 7 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
To explain you, I would like to show you a few figures with you actually. That is the daily 
average ticket, if you recall, in the first quarter was around 12.73 lakh tickets in a day. When 
we were having 2S ticket in reserved segment that is a good number of tickets available with 
us that was nearly 38%. Subsequently, when the decision was taken, our booking went down 
to 11.63 lakhs per day. 
And now in the third quarter, the booking went down further. It was 11.31 lakhs per day  But 
the average now -- but in quarter 4, the bookings came back to 11.61 lakhs per daya  So the 
average booking that we are doing is nearly 82% of the total ticket inventory available through 
online mode. 
And as far as the services' convenience fee, which is contributing nearly 75% to our profit, so 
the -- more or less the question of the convenience fee remains the same barring INR1 crores 
or INR2 crores -- INR1 crores, INR2 crores or INR3 crores here and there. You can see our 
revenue from the convenience fee is nearly INR200 crores  per quarter. . 
And the total revenue that we have collected from the Internet Ticketing towards convenience 
fee is around INR802 crores in the entire year. So as of now, the booking remains the same, 
but we are focusing more on the non-convenience fee resources, which have now increased -- 
which are contributing to 33% of the total revenue of the Internet Ticketing, Internet Ticketing 
business. 
Out of it, you can say the total revenue that we have earned through this and business and 
related business was nearly INR1,200 crores. Out of which INR802 crores, that is 67% was 
contributed by convenience fee, that is your Ticketing business. And the non-convenience fee 
business is around 33%, sir. So that was earlier, INR337 crores in the last financial year. This 
year, it is now almost touching the INR400 crores where you find some growth. 
And this growth has been mainly due to many factors. That is our loyalty program has also 
contributed. Our PG integration has also contributed. Our agent portion has also contributed. 
Our IT earning has also contributed. So when we see the revenues on the IT business it has to 
be seen in totality, not alone with the convenience fee, which is 82%. It may increase to 83%, 
84% in the years to come. But at the same time, we need to focus upon the non-convenience 
fee resources, which are the added business -- ancillary business to the Internet Ticketing. 
Our intention is to increase our revenue. They are more and more because -- and so not only to 
retain the Internet Ticketing, but to show us good growth by providing good services to the 
customer. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Got it, ma'am. And just a clarification, is it then fair to say that looking into the next couple of 
years, the growth in the Internet Ticketing segment would be largely through non-convenience 
fee and convenience fee could remain in the same sort of 200 lakhs per quarter  kind of range? 
Is that... 
Rajni Hasija: 
Volume growth will be there in the ticketing also. As the Internet improves in the country, 
some marginal improvement happens every year. It was a little fortunate or unfortunate in the 
COVID days, that growth, which was to happen in the years to come happened in 1 year.So 
Page 8 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
that is why some variation, you can see -- some variation in the revenue mix was also seen just 
after the COVID. And it was a main bread earner during that period. 
As the train increases, the capacity utilization increases. So like Vande Bharats are being 
guided and more and more days will be added to our revenue will also take us, will go on the 
higher side gradually. But the margins are going to be little at slower pace as compared to the 
COVID period. Yes, our focus is going to be more on the non-convenience fee where we are 
trying to hard, aggregator business is one. 
And our other loyalty programs you might have noticed that we are doing a lot of loyalty 
programs and we have already opened with the three banks as compared to one previous bank. 
Then ticketing also we have recently launched the Char Dham ticketing with the other parties, 
other parties ticketing also, we are focusing. That Char Dham booking is very popular and our 
payment business is also there, and we are also focusing more on the B2C partner and of other 
businesses. 
Akshay Bhor: 
Got it, ma'am. And then just one last question from my side. This is again on the convenience 
fee itself. And then you could have a decent visibility in terms of what is the likely passenger 
booked growth in the next couple of years? And as you understand, already the capacity of 
Indian Railways is so high that you -- by adding a few previous trains, it doesn't move the 
needle in terms of overall passengers' travel. Do you have a visibility in terms of what is the 
growth rate that you could see in terms of passengers booked or travelled in our case? 
Rajni Hasija: 
As of overall picture of passenger travelled on Indian Railways. I can only tell you about the 
reserved segments. And if we see the... 
Akshay Bhor: 
Yes, on the result segments as well. Do you have a visibility of what could be the passenger 
growth? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I can tell you. First thing, if you see the January figure, the passengers travelled was 4.85 
crores. But in February because of the winter, it has a seasonal variation also, the number of 
passenger reduced to 4.59 crores in the reserved segment. But in the month of March, it 
increased to 5.09 crores. And the number of our trains also decreased correspondingly in the 
month of February, but increased in the month of March. 
So we have to see the seasonal variation also, but, yes, there is a scope as the new trains are 
being started, more and more customers are getting diverted from the other mode Festival rush 
is also there. The holiday rush is now happening. All trains are full. You will not get 
reservation in any of the trains these days because the trains are running with full bookings, 
which is good news for all of us. The more booking, the more revenue to us. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rohit Jain from Tara Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Jain: 
So taking off from the last question, you said that on the ticketing side, most of the growth is 
going to be driven by non-convenience fee and convenience fee is going to be more or less 
stable, I mean, it could grow slightly, but the main growth is going to come from non-
Page 9 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
convenience fee. Can you tell us what is the difference in the margin profile between 
convenience fee and the non-convenience fee? 
Rajni Hasija: 
In the convenience fee, when we talk of the -- you want me to tell you the productivity margins 
in that? 
Rohit Jain: 
No, no. I mean, like I'm assuming that convenience fee would be your highest margin business. 
I mean pretty much as the platform business, everything is sort of flows to the bottom line. So 
just compare to with that like, EBIT margin had been anything? 
Rajni Hasija: 
I got it. I got it. In fact the non-convenience fee, we will have better margins, better than 
convenience fee. I'll tell you how. Because while -- when we calculate the convenience fee, we 
need to pay to the trains also for maintaining the infrastructure. The entire infrastructure of that 
ticketing is costly, so their average expenditure though not as much, but it is certainly more 
than what we are going to spend in the non-convenience fee resources. 
Here, what we are doing, the infrastructure that has been already been placed, on top of that, 
these are the ancillary services, which is a total bonus business for IRCTC. So here, the 
expenditure is less.. Most of our businesses, like payment gateway, agent business, 
advsertsement etc., their -- our expenditure is almost negligible because the infrastructure is 
already in place. I need not get any additional bandwidth. The only manpower, monitoring 
resources and the reconciliation expenditure is added to it. That is very meagre as compared to 
the other infrastructure expenditures that we normally do in the Internet Ticketing. 
Rohit Jain: 
Understood. And just another related question to last question is that, I guess, about the 
previous participant might have been trying to ask is, as you said, most of the ticket -- trains 
are already running at full occupancy. It's difficult to get reservations. So which means pretty 
much Indian Railways working at peak capacity. And if you look at the budgetary 
announcement every year, the number of trains being added is the hardly anything as a 
percentage of the overall days. 
So given that Internet penetration is pretty much at peak levels, I mean, in the near term 80% 
to 84% and all the trains are working at full capacity, so what will drive the growth in the 
ticketing volume? I mean, if you look at on a Y-o-Y basis, should we expect ticketing revenues 
to be sort of low single digit to flattish assuming no change in convenience fee. 
Rajni Hasija: 
It may not be exactly flattish. It will have some seasonal variations and the festival variations, 
of course. 
Rohit Jain: 
No, no. I'm talking on a Y-o-Y basis, like if we consider the full year, that will rule out the 
seasonality, right? I mean if we take the whole year versus the next year, the seasonality will 
adjust itself. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. There is some growth sector associated with the Internet Ticketing. And as the more and 
more awareness is happening, the growth [sino-cycle 0:35:02] curve may not be that sharper. It 
will go at -- still grow, but grow at a slow pace. 
Page 10 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rohit Jain: 
Yes. So that's what I said. Is it fair to say that it would be low single-digit types? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Sir, we have already come back 82%. There is going to be a growth, but growth will be at a 
little -- the sector will be a little less. And that is why we would be focusing more on the non-
convenience fee resources. You can't presume that we have to -- we still have an off-line 
model available for persons who are not that literate. We should have because it is a services 
time Indian Railways has offered services from all the more Internet Ticketing is one. 
There will be a transition of the customer from off-line mode to online mode like all 
businesses, which is also going to happen. So that transition, we will be a beneficiary. But at 
the same time, just to keep the momentum up, we would be focusing more and more on the 
other businesses. So that our total revenue from this segment, that is Internet segment remains 
on the top notch. 
Rohit Jain: 
Understood. And can you just help us understand the, let's say, a stable or steady-state margin 
in the Catering business? That margin has fluctuated pretty sharply over the last few quarters. 
So going forward, what can we expect in terms of a stable margin for that business? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Catering is now contributing nearly 41% of our revenue this financial year it has contributed. 
So our margins have been more or less same as we had earlier, that is 10% to 12%, depending 
upon segments. So giving margin not going -- it is going to be in that side also, except for the 
e-catering where we have a 15% margin. 
Rohit Jain: 
Right. So more or less, going forward, also 10% to 12% should be the steady-state range for 
the Catering business. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. You can say, sir. 
Rohit Jain: 
And just last question, what drove the sharp increase in the Tourism revenue quarter-on-
quarter? 
Rajni Hasija: 
You should be happy with that, sir? 
Rohit Jain: 
No. Just trying to understand. We're happy, but we're just trying to understand. 
Rajni Hasija: 
The domestic tourism is on its boom, right? And I think I would like to apply this out that 
IRCTC earlier was running into -- only into budget tourism and we were in the luxury tourism 
as well. We have come up with the new model of the business after Ministry of Railway has 
announced that the scheme called Bharat Gaurav scheme under Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat 
Scheme announced by Ministry -- Honorable Prime Mister has taken this initiative, and in this 
Ministry of Railways has announced the scheme Bharat Gaurav where we have taken 10 rakes. 
These 10 rakes have been customized and put it into the operations. 
So this new segment has been added. Earlier we were operating only 80 trains in a year, 80 to 
90 trains in a year in the budget segment. Now we would be running nearly 300 trains in a 
year. And each train is contributing to nearly INR50 lakhs of our revenue. And out of which, 
Page 11 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
yes, of course, some expenditure of the railway and IRCTC and the service provider is also 
there. But a good margin of 10% is left with us. 
So you can say that we have operated  many such trains. We did a lot of domestic tourism, and 
we competed with the open market, we could drive lot many customers to IRCTC and State 
Teertha also contributed into that, so we could goodwill and the results are in front of you. 
And in the years to come, this Bharat Gaurav is going to add a revenue not less than INR250 
crores alone from this segment. But used to be nearly INR60 crores to INR70 crores only in 
the previous year. So you can anticipate good growth in the tourism. 
Rohit Jain: 
Understood. And just last question. Given that future growth is going to be driven more by, 
let's say, non-convenience fee, things like Bharat Gaurav and Catering, which are, let's say, 
10% to 12% margin business, at what level should we expect the overall margins to settle? I'm 
assuming it's going to be lower than 33%, 34%, 36% that we are used to? So can you help us 
understand what would be the margins going forward? 
Rajni Hasija: 
You can expect the same results, sir. 
Rohit Jain: 
I mean even if the mix of non-convenience fee increases in the overall revenue mix, the margin 
is not going to come down? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. Yes, I agree, sir. It can be even better in the non-convenience fee, resources are doing 
pretty well and the Bharat Gaurav segment, the way it has picked up the market and the brand 
equity of the IRCTC has improved in this segment. And we are getting full cooperation 
everywhere and good number of bookings are happening, and the revenue in this segment put 
together is going to be high and the margins are also going to improve. 
Rohit Jain: 
No, no, ma'am, what I'm trying to understand is the, let say, the Catering business and the 
Bharat Gaurav business, to set up a 10%, 12% margin business. So as their proportion in the 
overall revenue goes up, even though the absolute numbers might go up, but margins will 
settle lower, right? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. Likely things will be there. But at the same time, absolute number will go up. So the 
ultimate... 
Rohit Jain: 
Yes, yes, I understand. I'm not asking that. I'm just trying to -- from a modelling perspective, 
I'm just trying to understand, is there a margin number that we are working with? Is there a 
visibility there? Is there some visibility there? 
Rajni Hasija: 
If we are able to do even better in the non-convenience fee resources so that is going to 
compensate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on very good numbers. Ma'am, just a couple of things I need to check. Firstly, 
on the catering side, can we see all normalization related to that lean period peak period related 
reconciliation on catering license fee is done? 
Page 12 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
We have completed for the peak period, and for RSD trains, we have done. For the lean period, 
it is still on for the Mail/Express . We have not been able to complete that exercise because we 
started a little late. And we are still in process maybe in the lean period we will -- the team is 
going to complete that soon. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And regarding this... 
Rajni Hasija: 
Rahul, you might have seen in the remarks that the invoices that we have seen some impact on 
the results also which are going to be on the -- which was on a good side. Accordingly, the 
demand notices was given to our license fees, many of them have disputed also we are 
resolving those disputes first before the money gets realized. So we are very much in the 
process and actively in the process. 
Rahul Jain: 
And in the Ticketing business, since the 2S normalization is largely done with, what should be 
the growth potential here in the convenience fee side? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Convenience fee will have -- the convenience fee as compared to the previous year, it has 
grown up because the number of passengers have gone up. The overall passengers travelled on 
Indian Railways is going to increase because many new trains have been added. And when you 
see new trains are being run during the season, festivals, extra trains are being operated. 
So we have already seen the growth as compared to the previous year in spite of the fact we 
got second at mandatory provision associated   in the quarter, first quarter itself, but more or 
less -- I think more or less uniform results were there. But as far as the growth is there, growth 
is going to be happen -- going to happen. It is going to happen more in the non-convenience 
fee, which has even better margins, so the overall earnings from this segment is going to be on 
a better side. That is what my -- our perception is. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. And if you could share some basic data on the convenience fee side, basically, average 
selling price for the quarter, mix of AC, mix of UPI, those kind of metrics? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes, I'll certainly share. See, our total contribution in the last quarter, the quarter we have -- 
quarter 4 that we are discussing, the Sleeper Class has been 42.87%. The Second S is more or 
less at the pre-COVID level that is 12.52%. And the Third AC is around 28.29% and Second 
AC is about 6.93%, just very small amount. So this is the breakage as far as the class wise is 
concerned. 
And the UPI transaction is contributing nearly 33% now. As you know, that the average UPI 
transaction in this year has been 33% as compared to the previous year when it was 31%. And 
before that is 24%. So the overall increase in the UPI transaction is also impacting this. So 
there -- that is what your -- I think I've answered your question. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Yes. And ma'am, on the non-convenience part within the ticketing, any 2, 3 key segments 
which are sizable, if you could quantify them and the drivers for them going forward? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. You will find the increase in the revenue in the loyalty program. And of course, I say the 
payment gateway business, you will see some improvement -- further improvement, then you 
Page 13 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
will also see our results. Aggregator license comes through, then you will see further 
improvement in that business. And advertisement revenue has shown a good improvement 
where we have nearly INR67.41 crores from brand advertising business. That growth may 
continue and we may do even better because this year is going to be very important. That is in 
the Internet segment. 
But in the other segment, in the Tourism, yes, Bharat Gaurav is going to have. IRCTC has a 
very interesting mix of the revenue. It keeps on changing, but the overall absolute thing, as you 
know, Rahul, you are a better judge that we end up landing always in a good numbers. Maybe 
the revenue mix may change. So this year, the Tourism may also show a good improvement 
because earlier the revenue from the Bharat Gaurav type trains used to be nearly INR60 crores. 
Now, it is going to nearly INR250 crores and the margins are going to increase. Absolute 
numbers also will increase. 
The loyalty fee in the Internet Ticketing, we are going to show a jump and in E-catering we'll 
also show some improvement. Overall, there's going to be a good very good picture and very 
good future for our investors in IRCTC. 
Rahul Jain: 
And one more question on the Tourism side. Can you share the metrics for Tejas in terms of 
revenue frequency? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Tejas has done well this year. The overall revenue that we received from Tejas has been INR 
155 crores. And operating expenses has been INR130 crores. So put together, both Tejas has 
given a revenue -- net profit of INR24.3 crores. And occupancy level of Ahmedabad Tejas has 
been nearly 81% and Lucknow Tejas has been nearly 69%. 
Rahul Jain: 
81% and 69% what you said, is it? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes. That is occupancy level. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. And what's the situation on some of the businesses which are on the Tourism segment 
led by overseas traveller like Maharaja and Buddhists circuit? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Maharaja has also done very well this year. Last year, it was with COVID. So we could get 
only INR2.84 crores when we run few charters. But this year, we have been able to get nearly 
INR55.38 crores from Maharaja, which is a good number and number of our pax that we have 
traveled is the highest in the country in the luxury segment.In the air ticketing also as 
compared to the earlier revenue of INR8.54 crores in the previous year, we are having 
INR23.04 crores in this year. 
So other business in the air ticketing also has done well. And this year the state teertha  
segment has also picked up as compared to the INR30 crores of the previous year. This year, 
we have done INR153 crores.So entire -- put together, the Tourism business has given us 
revenue of INR555.98 crores as compared to INR187.89 of the previous year. And we can 
expect more growth in this business because of the Bharat Gaurav being added in the fleet. 
Page 14 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Just last bit on the state is, comment that you made, ma'am. I think we generally see 
some more traction in the election period. So do we expect this since general as well as some 
state elections has come. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Like any other tourism product, it is also subject to seasonal variation, so I can only answer 
this at this time. Sir, it all depends on states, whether they want to spend their fund in this 
direction or not. But generally, people work in this direction. So we hope for the good. 
Rahul Jain: 
And it's great being be associated with you for so long. Thank you so much for your guidance 
through this period. 
Rajni Hasija: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from Money Control. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Hello, ma'am. Yes. I have a couple of questions. One is a housekeeping question. What was 
the absolute number of tickets booked in FY '23? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Just wait for a while, I have to look for the numbers. The total ticket you said booked when? 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
FY '23. 
Rajni Hasija: 
I'll get you to the numbers. 
Ajit Kumar: 
43 crores. 
Rajni Hasija: 
43 crores. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
43 crores. Okay. And ma'am, this year's Bharat Gaurav revenue is INR60 crores. Is that right? 
Rajni Hasija: 
This year, the Bharat Gaurav train just started their operations. Earlier we were running the 
same segment in the name of Bharat Darshan and Pilgrim Special. That together was 
contributing not more than INR60 crores, which is going to be now INR250 crores to INR300 
crores with the 10 rakes that we have taken from Indian Railways on lease. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay. That is your projection for FY '24? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes, ma'am. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay, ma'am. So you have answered all these questions very nicely on Internet Ticketing and 
also on the Tourism side. Am I audible? 
Rajni Hasija: 
Yes, you are. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Yes. So my question is what is your take on the growth in Catering and Railneer for the next 2 
years? What will be the driver? And what kind of growth rate can we expect? 
Page 15 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
Rajni Hasija: 
We would be on the positive side in the Railneer revenue as we would be starting our 2 plants 
very soon. We'll make sure and Bhubaneswar and Simhadri, we are going to start this . 
Further, we are upgrading the capacity of the existing plant also, so we are going to increase 
our production Secondly, we are going to improve our capacity utilization by doing some 
operational measures. So our performance in the Railneer is going to be better sized. As now 
we are producing nearly 15.52 lakh litres a day, which we would be increasing taking up to 
nearly 17 lakh litres per day by the end of this financial year. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
And by '25? And by '25, what kind of capacity will be there for Railneer? 
Rajni Hasija: 
By '25, we would be -- we have ended all our plants, so would be meeting the entire 
requirement. Nearly 80% of the railway's requirement of the water will be met by all these 
measures that we are taking, then we will be serving nearly 18.5 lakh litre water in a day. So 
that will add a good amount of revenue to our stream. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Got it, man. And what about Catering, what are the future drivers? What can we look forward 
to? 
Rajni Hasija: 
There is a future driver in the name of a new train fleet that is coming up, that is Vande Bharat, 
which is a prepaid train. We know that there has been an announcement that many more new 
rakes are going to be inducted. So that is going to add a fleet to our revenue, one. 
Secondly, the existing tenders which have not -- could not be done yet because of -- because 
we are small duration tender that we are trying to wind it up. And now we are focusing not 
only on the revenue side, on the operational side also so that we can provide better services to 
our customers and bring a good brand value to our businesses in addition to the revenue. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
So ma'am, my question is from these initiatives. One is Vande Bharat and another tender, what 
kind of incremental revenue are you looking at for FY '24 to start with? And again, for FY '25, 
what kind of growth can we expect? 
Rajni Hasija: 
As and when the tenders are awarded, the revenue get settled, ma'am. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Yes, I understand. But if you could give us some colour on kind of growth that we are looking 
at? 
Ajit Kumar: 
Numbers... 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Not numbers, but some idea about the kind of growth that... 
Rajni Hasija: 
It is an open bidding process, ma'am, at times vendors bid very high, then you get a good 
numbers. At times, when the train doesn't -- is not having a good route, then it gets a less bid, 
too difficult to project. At times, the competition in 1 sector is very high you get a very, very 
high bid. So -- and then the other processes also there. So may be very difficult to predict. 
However, the growth will be there and a good amount of growth more than, I think, 10% is 
going to be -- we can anticipate. But once the segment which we should be -- we are focusing 
with e-catering, where we have already reached to the extent of 40,000 meals in a day, and we 
Page 16 of 17 
 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2022 
 
are already providing. And in quarter 4, the figure has been nearly 43,000 meals, and it is 
growing steadily. 
We have also started booking to our agents. These are B2C agents which are there on our 
website. And the number of our vendors with our food aggregator has also gone up. Number of 
food aggregators has also improved. The direct vendor number is also improving. So you can 
anticipate some growth in this segment as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Rajni Hasija: 
A very good afternoon once again. It has always been pleasure talking to all the investors and 
all the participants here. Sharing our experiences with the IRCTC has been one part, but at the 
same time, what market things about us, and what are the queries of the market, we are more 
than happy to answer. Not only to the earnings call, we are always open to share our 
experiences and our thoughts in the investors call also. 
So IRCTC is a very transparent and open organization and believes in the transparency as well. 
So I welcome you all and all the investors to be part of this journey as you have been in the 
past and show your patronage to this company as usual. 
Thank you very much and wishing you all the good health to you and your dear ones. Thank 
you, sir. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IRCTC, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 17 of 17 
 
