 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
Regd. Office : GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000     Fax: +91-33-4050-7999    Email: info@gptgroup.co.in    Visit us: www.gptinfra.in 
 
 
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2023-24                                                                                            May 29, 2023 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                                  Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                           Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                                            Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on 24th May, 2023 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Conference 
Call held on Wednesday, 24th May, 2023. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
 
 
 
Mohit Arora 
    Company Secretary 
 
Encl. – As Above 
MOHIT 
ARORA
Digitally signed 
by MOHIT ARORA 
Date: 2023.05.29 
11:16:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GPT Infraprojects Limited Q4 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia – Executive Director and Chief 
Financial Officer. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to the GPT Infraprojects 
Limited Q4 & Year Ended 31st March 2023 Earnings Conference Call. The results 
presentation and the press release along with the financial results were uploaded on 
our website and the website of the stock exchanges and I hope you have had a chance 
to review the same. We are also joined by Stellar IR, our Investor relation advisors. 
I am happy to announce that the Fiscal Year 2023 marked the best year for the company 
in its history on all parameters, that is Revenue, EBITDA, PAT, ROCE and Cash Flow. 
This achievement is attributable to our strong execution capabilities, steady focus on 
cash flow and the realization of old receivables from customers which improved our 
return ratios leading to ROE and ROCE being 14% and 17% respectively. 
As per the dividend policy of the board and in order to reward our shareholders for the 
robust performance of the company the board has recommended a final dividend of 
Rs. 1.5 per share. This will lead to a total dividend payout for the year of Rs. 2.5 per 
share, that is 25% of the face value. You will recollect that in November 2022 the 
company had allotted bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1 after approval of the shareholders. 
Post bonus, the dividend is in the highest in the history of the company taking the total 
payout to Rs. 14.5 Crores for this year. 
Now moving ahead to our financial performance for the full year 2023: 
Our revenues from operation were Rs. 790 Crores on a standalone basis which 
compared to Rs. 669 Crores last year representing a growth of 18.1%. On a 
consolidated basis the revenues stood at Rs. 809 Crores compared to Rs. 675 Crores 
for the last year representing a growth of 20%. In both the standalone and the 
consolidated numbers, we have exceeded the target set out of 15% growth at the 
beginning of the year. This growth was driven by significant execution in the 
infrastructure segment which accounted for 88% of our total revenues. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
Our standalone EBITDA for the year stood at Rs. 96 Crores compared to Rs. 88 Crores 
in FY22 with EBITDA margin at 12.2% compared to 13.1% last year. The EBITDA 
was slightly muted on account of impairment of the investment in the associate in 
Namibia due to foreign exchange fluctuations and change in the discounting rates. 
Operationally, adjusted EBITDA margin was well above our EBITDA hurdle at 
12.5%, which we have guided historically. 
On a consolidated basis as we had announced earlier the South African business has 
resumed operations after receiving orders in October 2022 which led to growth in the 
top line. However, due to the volatile currency fluctuations in South Africa and Ghana 
there were some mark-to-market losses. The currency has recovered since March as 
on date. However, as on March we had booked some mark-to-market losses. This led 
to a muted EBITDA margin of 11.4% for the consolidated results. 
Again, if we were to adjust this currency fluctuation and the impairment of Namibia 
investments, we would be meeting our threshold EBITDA rate of 12.5%. The profit 
after tax grew by 40% to Rs. 34.5 Crores on a standalone basis due to reduction in 
depreciation and interest costs and the profit after tax after minorities and after jointly 
controlled entities grew by 29% to Rs. 31.4 Crores for the consolidated results. The 
deferred tax reversal was on account of the above mark-to-mark losses for the currency 
fluctuations in the foreign subsidiaries.  
The strong performance is also quite evident in the cash flows from the operations of 
the company as well, which grew by an impressive 52% to Rs. 106.2 Crores 
representing an industry leading cash flow to EBITDA conversion of 110%. This is an 
account of reduction in trade receivables from GMR and realization of all old 
outstanding which has allowed the management to reduce debt and also invest in the 
new subsidiary in Ghana, RMS GPT Ghana Limited. This strong performance and 
good cash flows should also improve our external credit rating, which is currently 
BBB+ Stable by CRISIL. Any upgrade in the credit rating would also lead to a 
reduction in borrowing costs for the company as you are aware. Furthermore, our 
healthy order book of Rs. 2,276 Crores, which represents almost 2.81x our FY-2023 
revenues provide strong visibility. It is worth mentioning that this order book 
represents one of the highest in our company’s history. To enhance profitability, we 
have implemented key measures such as optimizing working capital and reducing 
outstanding investments with various customers. 
We remain positive due to our healthy unexecuted order book and improving financial 
deficiencies including improved cash flows and reduced debt position resulting from 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
the reduction in receivables. We are focused on reducing our borrowing further by Rs. 
20 Crores in this current financial year and refinancing our existing debt at lower rates 
upon the upgrade of the accelerating in the current year. This will be achieved by the 
expected strong performance this year as well as returns from the investment in the 
subsidiary  in Ghana and full liquidation of the outstanding receivables from GMR. As 
you may be aware the Honorable Finance Minister in a budget speech on February 1, 
2023, has announced a “Vivad se Vishwas Scheme” to settle all contractual disputes 
with Central Government and PSUs. The management is quite confident that the 
existing arbitration cases will be settled through this scheme once the same is made 
operational by the government in this financial year which will lead to a cash inflow 
of almost in excess of Rs. 50 Crores. 
Now turning to the performance of our segments: 
Our infrastructure segment demonstrates strong execution prowess throughout FY23 
with a remarkable 24% increase in revenues reaching Rs. 712 Crores for the year ended 
31st March 2023. This segment continues to be the backbone of our business, 
contributing almost 88% of our total revenues in FY23. In some key contracts for this 
segment like Ghazipur, Mathura, Jhansi and Nimtita the company has well exceeded 
the targets set forth for the Fiscal Year ‘23 which has led to the overall jump in the 
revenues as and we expect the team to maintain the momentum for the current year as 
well. 
Regarding the sleeper segment generated revenues of Rs. 98 Crores for FY23. We 
anticipate increased momentum in this segment with the commencement of the 
operations of our factory at Ghana which has an outstanding order book of Rs. 123 
Crores. The new factory which is expected to be commissioned in Q1 FY24 will have 
a capacity of 240,000 sleepers per annum. In fiscal year FY23, we secured orders worth 
Rs. 1,401 Crores including incremental orders from existing contracts. As of 31st 
March 2023, our healthy order book amounts to Rs. 2,276 Crores approximately 2.81x 
of FY23 revenues providing excellent growth of visibility for the Company. The 
company has expanded its horizons and is entering newer geographies like 
Maharashtra wherein we are doing three contracts in the Mumbai city for MRIDCL 
totaling to approximately Rs. 600 Crores and have also entered a new country for the 
sleeper segment by setting up a factory in the Republic of Ghana. 
I would like to highlight that now we can bid for orders up to Rs. 1,000 Crores each in 
our own name expanding our potential opportunities for the growing segment of 
infrastructure business in the country. The future looks quite bright for the company 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
and we are confident of repeating our strong performance in the current year as well 
and have targeted growth of 20% in revenues and almost 30% in profits for the FY2024 
which would be a repeat performance of our last year. This is only possible due to the 
support of our entire team GPT and the various stakeholders who have reposed faith 
in us which has enabled us to perform better each year and deliver returns to the 
investors. We believe that the best is yet to come for the company and the management 
is quite confident of exceeding the targets set out. 
Thank you and we look forward to addressing any questions or concerns you might 
have regarding our financial performance and future prospects. I will request the 
moderator to kindly open the floor to questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers and the order book that we have. In one of 
the earlier concall, we mentioned that we are expanding in newer geographies 
especially in the in the Northeast also, so do we have any updates regarding that? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, in Northeast we have couple of contracts. We have two contracts in Manipur for 
NHIDCL, we have contracts in Assam as well. So, we are doing a couple of contracts 
in Northeast out of this Rs. 2,276 Crores about Rs. 200 Crores is from the Northeast in 
terms of geographical spread so about close to 10%. 
Aditya Sen: 
And also, any guidance on the closing order book or the order inflow expected in 
FY24? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, historically if you see we are we like to keep our order book as close to 2.75 to 3 
times our trailing 12 numbers. So, I would say that for the full year for closing order 
book for next year we should be around Rs. 3,000 odd Crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from ICICI Direct. Please 
go ahead.  
Chirag Shah: 
Sir just wanted to ask your guidance on the debt side did I hear it right that you would 
be reducing the debt by Rs. 20 odd Crores next year? 
Atul Tantia: 
In the current year yes, Rs. 20 odd Crores if I also said that in terms of the settlement 
of disputes which they have come out with this “Vivad Se Vishwas” scheme too if we 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
were able to that does get operational and we are expecting to get almost Rs. 50 odd 
Crores that will further reduce the debt by almost Rs. 40 odd Crores from there as well. 
Chirag Shah: 
Even if you do not win the arbitrations or there is some delay in that the minimum debt 
reduction would be 20 odd Crores for the next year? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, it is not the question of winning the arbitration we have borne the arbitration in 
most of the cases it is just a question of settlement and getting the money. 
Chirag Shah: 
And on your guidance front you mentioned 20% revenue growth and 30% profit 
growth, is that right?  
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Chirag Shah: 
And any improvement on margins given you said that your threshold console EBITDA 
margin should be at 12.5%, but given your execution rates will pick up given a strong 
backlog, so would operating leverage kick in and you might see some uptake on 
margins as well, is there any possibility? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, it depends on how the WPI inflation does plan out as you might be aware that all 
our contracts which we have also said in previous con-calls as well have a price 
variation clause which is linked to WPI indices. The WPI for April is negative. So, 
having said that some of the prices are also cooled off in terms of steel and cement as 
well. So, it is not as if it will drastically hurt our margins, but I think that for the current 
year we are guiding for 12.5% margins if any operational what do you call efficiencies 
do kick in that will be a bonus on that as well. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir within your order backlog of Rs. 2,300 odd Crores are there any orders which 
are slow moving or there is some delay in execution just because there is some 
approval? 
Atul Tantia: 
None of them. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir you mentioned that now you can bid for projects worth Rs. 1,000 odd Crores 
on your own strengthened balance sheet, so what would be that it would be the same 
it would be the same your traditional sector or you will foray into some new segments 
or sectors per se? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, we are bidding for large contracts now as well. We have bid for some contracts 
worth Rs. 900 – Rs. 950 Crores, we have not been successful. Our strike rate is within 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
our comfort zone of 20%-odd. So, I think that we would be bidding for contracts 
wherein we can do value addition and obviously this is an industry wherein you need 
prior experience. So, we have to obviously build for contracts wherein we have done 
similar work within bridges and roads and stuff like that. We cannot be bidding for 
contracts on our own name in vastly different segments. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir how confident are you that you will be ending FY24 with a backlog of Rs. 
3,000 odd Crores?  
Atul Tantia: 
Pardon. 
Chirag Shah: 
So, I am just trying to understand what is the bid pipeline or the prospect pipeline that 
you might have put in bids into and given you are guiding for a order backlog closing 
of Rs. 3,000 odd Crores for FY24? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, we are continuously bidding for large contracts like I said. So, if we were to get 
one or two large contracts that kind of secures that Rs. 3,000 odd Crores order book 
backlog. Last year itself FY23 we have got new order inflow of almost Rs. 1,400 
Crores. So, in order to achieve a order book backlog of Rs. 3,000 Crores we would 
need a new order inflow of close to Rs. 1,800 Crores for this year, which is not quite 
different from what we got last year. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir lastly you mentioned that your ratings might get upgraded or it has been 
upgraded, so what would be the reduction in the cost of debt for you and what is the 
cost of debt currently? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, rating has not got upgraded the rating agency which is CRISIL was waiting was 
waiting for the balance sheet and the results for this year. Currently, we are rated BBB+ 
Stable by CRISIL. The current cost of debt is in the range of 10% to 11%. However, 
having said that the finance costs which appears includes a whole host of things 
including bank processing fees, includes bank guarantees, which is a large chunk of 
our borrowings, funding and non-funding limits which are submitted to the clients. So, 
we expect a reduction of a minimum of 50 to 75 basis points upon upgrade of the 
ratings. Most of these banks have now linked their interest cost with the external rates 
so we expect that to happen. 
Chirag Shah: 
And then my last question in the working capital cycle given there was a huge amount 
of release of receivables from GMR and some other contracts, so with the same trend 
continue or probably it might inch up a bit higher? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Atul Tantia: 
No same trend will continue because from GMR we are yet to receive about Rs.20 odd 
Crore so that will provide additional release of the working capital and also hopefully 
this arbitration disputes are settled that we will again provide a fill up to the working 
capital as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow up question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Regarding the exceptional EBITDA loss that we did in the Namibia investment so 
should not that be recorded separately what I believe is that it should not be recorded 
in the EBITDA margins, it should be recorded as exceptional income, so please correct 
me if I am wrong on this? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, it is not an exceptional income as per the management understanding as well as the 
auditors because it is as per IFRS every financial year you are supposed to do an 
impairment testing of the investments that you do carry. So, in this case the impairment 
testing was done which was certified by an independent chartered accountant and then 
also verified by the auditors and also the audit committee and the management have 
found it fit to take that impairment of the investment. It cannot be an exceptional item 
because next year it might be a gain as well depending on how the foreign exchange 
and the discounting rates do plan out 
Aditya Sen: 
So, the quantum was Rs. 2.5 Crores, right? 
Atul Tantia: 
The quantum is about Rs. 3.5 Crores because EBITDA margin was about 12.2%, had 
that not been there we would have been north of the 12.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Atul Tantia for closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference call today. We hope we have been able 
to answer and address all your queries. In case you have any further questions do please 
get in touch with us directly or through our investor relation advisors. Thank you and 
have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of GPT Infraprojects Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
