 
 
 
9th August 2023 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (Scrip Code: FSL) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on August 02, 2023 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 3rd 
August 2023 for the meeting of Board of Directors held on August 02, 2023, for your 
information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed by 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR 
Date: 2023.08.09 
17:50:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
Mr. Vipul Khanna - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Dinesh Jain - President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Ankur Maheshwari – Head, Investor Relations 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
August 3, 2023 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited Q1 FY2024 Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Maheshwari. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ankur Maheshwari: 
Thanks Michelle. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 earnings call 
for Firstsource. On this call we have Vipul Khanna, MD and CEO and Dinesh Jain, CFO to provide an overview on 
Company’s performance followed by Q&A. Do note that the results, the fact sheet and the presentation have been 
e-mailed to you and you can also view this on our website www.firstsource.com.  
 
Before we begin this call, please note that some of the matters we will discuss on this call including our business 
outlook are forward looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are 
included, but not limited to what we have mentioned in our prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual 
report that are available on our website.  
 
With that said, I now hand the call over to Mr. Vipul Khanna to begin the proceedings. 
Vipul Khanna: 
Thanks Ankur. Hello everyone. Welcome and thank you for joining us today. I am happy to state that the 
performance in our latest quarter was in line with the guidance.  
 
Quick Snapshot of the Quarter 
 
This quarter our revenues were INR 15,292 million or $186 million declining 1.6% year-on-year in constant 
currency. Operating margins improved about 375 basis points year-on-year to come in at 11.7%. The diluted EPS 
came in at INR 1.8 for the quarter.  
 
Our growth strategy as outlined previously is centered on three key vectors:  
1. Reduced exposure to macro-cyclicity and drives the next phase of our growth by broadening our BFS option and 
scaling new segments in Healthcare, Communications, Media & Tech (CMT), and Utilities.  
2. Drive growth in our chosen verticals by building adjacent capabilities by systematically adding new clients and 
by growing existing strategic accounts. 
3. Leveraging our digital tools and services to create more cost efficiency and build new digitally powered 
solutions including harnessing rapid developments in AI, especially Generative AI.  
 
I am very pleased with the progress that we are making in each of these, there are some quick updates: 
• We made considerable strides in growing our US CMT and Europe Utilities client base over this past year and 
highlighted the FY2023 events in both these segments. These are all scaling well. This is helping us to expand 
the share of Utilities in US CMT in our overall business mix. At the same time, we continue to carefully 
recalibrate our mortgage business into purchase financing, servicing and compliance operations while 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
3 
expanding into new products like reverse mortgages. For this quarter mortgage was around 9% of revenue 
down from 17% a year ago as we built other BFS segments.  
• Our new client additions remain strong. In this quarter we added 10 new clients with four in BFS, five in 
Healthcare, and one in CMT. We expect these new relationships to scale gradually over the next 12 to 15 
months depending on the process complexity. 
• Lastly our pipeline in digital and platforms, automation, and analytics for the clients across industry continues 
to expand especially in the areas of digital input, digital collections and our process automation practice.  
 
Over the last six to nine months, Generative AI (GAI) has commanded significant mindshare. We believe this new 
technology will accelerate the digital agenda across the client ecosystem. We are actively working with our tech 
partners and our clients to co-create multiple used cases with this new tech. Currently, we have more than a dozen 
implementations in various phases from proof of concept to pilots to production across six different clients and in-
house used cases. 
 
Let me highlight a couple of used cases where we have leveraged GAI and Machine Learning to develop efficient 
and cost-effective solutions.  
• In one of our large media clients, they needed to quickly scale native-speaking agents to support sales but were 
not able to achieve the goals due to lack of talent supply. We solved this by implementing an ML-based 
machine translation solution over chat and e-mail thus providing services across multiple languages from India. 
We achieved over 98% accuracy in comprehensibility of the translated language enabling customers’ chat 
similar to that expected list of native speakers but at a faster pace and obviously at a much lower cost.  
• In another instance, we helped one of our new EdTech clients manage the inbound enquiries by implementing 
a touchless solution that identifies the customers’ intent. Our solution powered by GAI again understands what 
the customer is looking for and puts together a response that is comprehensive, accurate, timely, and 
actionable. We have reduced the turnaround time from two weeks to one day, helping students of this client 
meet their admission and other travel-related time constraint requirements on time. 
 
Let me also share a positive update on our top client relationship.  
 
I am pleased to inform that we have further cemented our relationship with this client and have extended our 
contract to serve as their primary partner for another 10 years. This is a huge testament of the relationship we 
have built over the years and the value we provide to our clients. During the last few years there has been several 
strategic changes at our clients’ end including change in ownership, business volumes have been volatile owing to 
both macro environment and the current situation in UK and as we all know technology has significantly evolved 
over this period. Through all these changes and turmoil our performance and strategic intent has helped us 
strengthen this relationship and the client continues to leverage us as their strategic partner for growth as well as 
change and efficiency.  
 
A core part of our thesis for this next leg of our journey is to enable our client to offer cost effective services from 
offshore location. We are in the process of moving the considerable portion of our operation in the UK to various 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
4 
locations in India for this account. This is a big part of the 3% revenue headwinds we had estimated at the start of 
the year. We now estimate the onshore to offshore impact to be 3.5%-4% including the movements in Healthcare 
and BFS. As a part of this transition, we will now serve complex and sophisticated processes from India. Overall the 
underlying portfolio work remains the same and there is potential for growth. 
 
Let me now provide some colour on the operating environment:  
 
Among our major markets, the UK economy is experiencing a slowdown that has affected volumes across our core 
portfolio. In the US, however, the economy has been relatively resilient; clients are taking their time to decide on 
large transformation deals. The positive theme is that engagement on cost optimization programs remains strong 
across industries. 
 
Let us talk in detail about the key trends in our industry segment to give you a better colour on our growth drivers.  
 
BFS 
 
Our BFS segment declined by 13.6% year-on-year primarily due to the mortgage base effect, sequentially the 
revenues were down 1.5%.  
 
Mortgage: 
 
Overall, our mortgage business has now stabilized. We believe that the worst of volatility in this business is behind 
us and volumes have bottomed out unless there is a significant shift in the macro environment from here. We 
continue to engage our mortgage clients on strategic cost saving program and we had a very solid sales quarter.  
 
The origination volumes inched up slightly in the last few months. Our clients expect Refi activity to pick up only 
after the FED reverses the direction on interest rate movement. Home purchase volumes are steady with a rise in 
new home project started by home builders. Purchase demand for existing property in high growth regions in the 
US continues to be strong, however, the interest rate swap to higher mortgages is a roadblock for sellers.  
 
We continue to make solid progress on diversifying our portfolio. Here are some examples: 
• In one case, we used our mortgage quality control as a lead offering to open a large bank in our target account 
list. 
• In another case, we meaningfully expanded our relationship with the leading originator with an extensive 
presence in the wholesale market.  
 
Our overall outlook for mortgage for the year remains unchanged. 
 
Collections: 
 
In the collection segment, the macro indicators continue to suggest an increase in business activity in the near 
future. US credit card delinquencies continue to rise and we are at 2.43% versus 2.25% last quarter, charge-offs 
were 2.90% versus 2.54% last quarter, the sixth consecutive quarterly increase post COVID. Similar trends are seen 
in the latest earnings of the large US banks.  

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
5 
 
Normalizing for seasonality of Q4 FY2023, we are seeing encouraging trends in this business. We maintain our 
assessment of gradual recovery in this business through the year especially, in H2. The early stage collection 
segment will start to reflect the sooner than the legal collection, which would see an uptick from Q4 of this year or 
perhaps even Q1 of next year.  
 
We continue to make good progress in acquiring new clients and cross selling into our existing portfolio. In this 
quarter we added four new clients. Last year I spoke about our intent to diversify BFS into other segments beyond 
cards and the mortgage industry. One such area we identified was expanding in the auto finance segment. We are 
seeing green shoots of success and have added two new clients and expanded three existing auto finance clients in 
this quarter. 
 
UK BFS 
 
On the UK BFS performance remains strong; however, the pace of growth is slower than last year due to a 
combination of lower volume across the industry given the challenging economic environment and some 
movement from on to offshore which I have earlier alluded to.  
 
We have added new lines of work across our key relationships including expanding to collections as I mentioned a 
minute ago. Also, the trend of increasing usage of chat instead of calls service offshore continues nicely. Overall, 
we are pursuing several new ramp opportunities within our existing client set in UK for which we expect quick 
closure. These should further augment our growth in H2.  
 
For BFS, in summary, our outlook remains steady. We are making good progress in diversifying into newer 
segments. We are already seeing success in auto-finance and we are now focused on expanding our DECX or the 
digital call center ops capabilities within the US bank segment. 
 
Healthcare 
 
Our Healthcare segment remains steady. Year-on-year growth was flat in constant currency.  
 
Provider: 
 
As previously discussed, our provider business has been impacted by the Public Health Emergency (PHE) 
promulgated by the US government at the start of COVID. After nearly 40 months the PHE was finally lifted in May 
2023. The headwinds from Medicaid auto re-enrollment etc., have now subsided and we expect these activities to 
pick up meaningfully. We expect growth in the business to emerge from H2 of this fiscal as different states and 
health systems start dealing with the new reimbursement environment.  
 
Expanding offshore capabilities and the provider has been a key focus as we build adjacencies. We are pleased with 
the progress thus far. We have added one new client and one existing onshore client for offshore in this quarter 
and while we will scale gradually, it will help us create strong referenceable case studies to help accelerate the 
offshore growth within our existing client portfolio. In addition to this, our overall deal pipeline remains healthy 
and we are witnessing an increase in business activity. Beyond the new offshore clients, we have added two new 
clients this quarter.  

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
6 
 
HPHS: 
 
In the HPHS segment, we continue to witness a slower than expected scale-up of volumes in our recent events. 
These delays coupled with the onshore-to-offshore movement in some of our processes are resulting in near term 
softness in the HPHS business. We strongly believe this is transitionary and we are confident of getting growth back 
as we saw in the early parts of last year in this business.  
 
To zoom out, our HPHS growth thesis is based on landing and expanding top 10 health plans, expanding our digital 
intake offering and building beta for the mid market. We continue to make excellent progress in penetrating and 
growing top 10 health plans. About 18 months ago, we talked about a digital intake win with a top five health plan 
in the US. We have since closed three additional engagements with this client and have a strong pipeline targeted 
to close for rest of this fiscal. The client rates us as a strategic partner and this account is now on track to become a 
top five account for the HPHS practice. This quarter we added a top 20 health plan to our roster with a significant 
digital intake win. This deal should add meaningful revenues once fully ramped up and more importantly a strong 
execution will pave the way for expansion and other functions for this client. The pipeline for digital intake is strong 
with four active opportunities in play with new and existing clients. The progress on the strategy, the YTD wins and 
the pipeline give us confidence for a strong growth for HPHS in H2.  
 
Overall, for Healthcare to reiterate, we are focused on reversing the revenue decline in provider and growing our 
share of wallet across top 10 health plans in HPHS while strongly executing on the digital intake opportunity. We 
are confident in achieving both these goals. 
 
CMT 
 
This segment saw 7% Y-O-Y growth in constant currency. This is not withstanding the onshore to offshore 
movement in our top client relationship. As I mentioned earlier, we have extended the contract with the top client 
for 10 years. This is a great validation of the working relationship between us for the last 22 years now. Considering 
the strategic priorities of our client, we are actively balancing their delivery footprint across onshore and offshore 
to offer the most cost-effective solution to their needs.  
 
Outside of the top client our growth traction remains strong. In a short span of time, we have made solid progress 
in scaling our EdTech practice. During COVID as we know the EdTech companies disrupted the way learning was 
consumed globally. We saw this as an opportunity to target these companies and help them build better learner 
experience. This is a white space opportunity. We are creating and delivering offerings that enable both traditional 
and new age EdTech companies to focus on providing greater learner experience to improve both stickiness and 
learning efficiency. We have designed journeys for end-to-end learning and have implemented tech solutions 
including GAI-based solutions to provide better access and experience. Our consultative approach has enabled us 
to win large annuity deals that are truly transformative and are referenceable case study for the largest CX Go-To-
Market story. As we speak, we are finalizing a contract and commenced hiring for sophisticated operations for a 
strategic EdTech client. We estimate this will add between $15-$18 million in annual revenue and we expect to go 
live in Q3 and ramp up by Q4 of FY2024, latest by Q1 of FY2025. 
 
 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
7 
 
Guidance for FY2024 
 
Finally, I would like to comment briefly on the guidance for FY2024. We remain confident in our revenue growth 
guidance of 2% to 5% for FY2024 with an operating margin range of 11% to 12%. This revenue guidance continues 
to include a headwind of about 3% from last year’s base effect in the mortgage business and a headwind of 3.5% to 
4% from the onshore offshore portfolio revamping.  
 
Let me now hand over the call to Dinesh to give an overview of the financial results. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you Vipul and good morning, everyone. Here is a quick financial snapshot for the quarter gone by.  
 
Revenue for Q1 FY2024 came in at INR 15,292 million in rupee terms and $186 million. This implies a year-on-year 
growth of 3.9% in rupee terms and a decline of 1.6% in constant currency terms. On the margin front, operating 
margin came in at INR 1,789 million or 11.7% which is up 52.8% year-on-year. Profit after tax came in at INR 1,260 
million or 8.2% of the revenue for the quarter, which is up by 48.1% year-on-year.  
 
Vipul talked about the extension of the contract with a top client. It is a great outcome for our continued 
relationship with the client. With part of the business moving offshore, we should start to see margin expansion 
gradually as the transition completes. For this contract we will be making an investment of about GBP 15 million. 
Of this GBP 9.5 million we will be paying in this financial year and the balance will get paid in FY2025. The total 
contract acquisition cost will be amortized over the contract duration of 10 years.  
 
Some other financial highlights, DSO came in at 63 days versus 60 days last quarter.  
 
Net debt stands at INR 7,133 million as of June 30, 2023 versus INR 6,159 million as of March 31, 2023, increasing 
due to the higher working capital drawdown this quarter this also led to the higher interest payout for this quarter.  
 
On the cash flow from operation in Q1 was lower due to annual bonus payouts, higher receivables and the first 
trench of the payment for contract acquisition costs, which we paid in this quarter. We expect this to be 
normalized by next quarter. Our cash balance including investment stood at INR 2,207 million at the end of the 
quarter.  
 
Tax rate for the quarter was around 18.9%, which is within the guidance range of 18% to 20%.  
 
On the forex front, we have coverage of £59.9 million for the next 12 months with average rate of INR 103.5 to the 
pound and coverage of $72.5 million with average rate of INR 84.1. For next 12 to 24 months, we have coverage of 
£56.5 million with average rate of INR 106.7 to the pound and dollar coverage is around $2.0 million with average 
rate of INR 84.3 and for more than 24 months, we have coverage of £46.4 million with average rate of INR 111.6 to 
the pound. In addition, we have also taken some of the option products to increase the better realization on these 
dates.  

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
8 
 
Let me also introduce Pankaj Kapoor who has joined us as a Head of Strategy and Investor Relations this quarter. 
He comes with over 25 years of experience across corporate and financial markets. Please join me in welcoming 
Pankaj and I know he is looking forward to getting to know all of you in the days ahead.  
 
This is all from my side. We will now open for the Q&A. 
Moderate: 
Thank you very much Sir! We will take that first question from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
First, a good quarter overall. First question is related to the extension of the contract. So one was on the margin 
front now that this is moving offshore how much impact or benefit do you think you should have while we do our 
calculations on margins on the overall deal in the context of the payment that you are making and, 
 
A similar question but not related to numbers because you have already spent a lot of time with the top client how 
do you get to sort of sign such large deals, say 10 years or something in the current environment? 
Vipul Khanna: 
The sky movement and as you said there is amount of payment that we are making as far as the investment in the 
deal. After amortizing for that over the deal term, starting from this year this deal will be margin accretive as well 
as EPS accretive, so it can be healthy margins getting added to the bottomline.  
 
How do we sign such large deals? The percentage of what we do for them is a big chunk. This is a long-term 
relationship that has been built across the value chain and across product lines. It is a collection of four or five 
product lines that we cover. A lot of them are managed independently while there is governance at the top level 
and to that extent as they think of their long term plans they take long view so even this negotiation and the fact 
that we will  do this offshore has taken us a while to kind of think about it, right it did not happen overnight, they 
tested for a few things gradually and we reached this point after several longish period of working through the 
details, so the strategic outlook they look at for the work that we do for them, I think that is what gives the runway 
and the confidence to take a long term view of the deal and given the fact that we have already worked for 22 
years it gives the confidence that I can take a 7 to 10 years view of this deal. Even otherwise, right, the large 
strategic deals that we are signing as I guess most of the industries, we are looking at a five year plus extension sort 
of outlook. So, to that extent for large strategic deals, I would say this is not unusual. 
Mohit Jain: 
In terms of revenue like we saw a slight drop in revenue in this quarter, so I am assuming that is on account of the 
offshore shift that you spoke about, now from going ahead standpoint is that shift more or less done, should we 
expect some more decline in the way from top client, where is it likely to stabilize? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Your question on the revenue decline was overall or just for the top clients? 
Mohit Jain: 
For the top clients because overall will come little later, but on the top client side because you are also talking 
about some shift towards software. 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
9 
Vipul Khanna: 
That journey has started in Q1 that is big reason why we have seen a decline. There was obviously some softness in 
volumes as well as I mentioned the UK volumes or the UK economy is going through some softness, so both factors 
combined. However, I would also say that a big chunk of the onshore to offshore movement will come through in 
Q2 and Q3 and then kind of as per current plans restabilize. So, we expect the top client revenue to decline over 
those two quarters on top of what we saw in Q1. 
Mohit Jain: 
Right and related question is like if we are looking for that decline which I assume will impact the telecom vertical, 
TMT vertical growth at the Company level and your guidance suggests sequential growth from here on BFSI you 
spoke about some softness in UK so which vertical are we really positive on here to deliver a company level growth 
of say 2% to 3%? 
Vipul Khanna: 
We expect growth from this point onwards after breaking in this decline that I talked about. We expect good 
growth from our CMT segment, other parts of CMT, so for instance I talked about the large deal in EdTech that we 
have signed that will start to go live in October and slowly build up scheme for the rest of the year. HPHS will be a 
good growth driver given what we have signed and what is under implementation as well as coming up to closure 
there. So, these will be the two relatively chunky growth drivers and if you look at the other three businesses, 
collections, mortgage, and provider, the big businesses all of them have had varying levels of headwinds and sort of 
volatility up till now. That headwind I think for most of them are pretty much gone now. In fact, some element of 
tailwind building up for collection, we will see how the mortgage kind of builds out and then the big friction for 
provider, which was PHE, etc., has gone. I think we will expect steady growth in all these three segments. That is 
the kind of environment that we look at for us to kind of get confidence on sequential growth from this point 
onwards leading up to the guidance that we did. 
Mohit Jain: 
Right and last is on margins. I am taking the upper end for convenience say we are close to 12% odd now as you 
mentioned business is stabilizing where do you think we can operate in a steady situation given that offshore shift 
is likely to increase for the Company because historically we have been in this range at the EBIT level for quite 
some time so do you think there is a chance that your margin structurally may go slightly higher versus what we 
have done in the past? 
Vipul Khanna: 
For now we are keeping the 11% to 12% outlook. We have some investments also lined up given GAI and other 
things on the horizon that we need to kind of play with and kind of stay on top of. As I have been saying historically 
that outlook remains unchanged that once this year gets to a steady state we should start to see that 25-30 BPS 
improvement year-on-year that still remains the medium term goal and I think at this point, even with this offshore 
shift we will continue to look at sort of rebalancing the portfolio. I have been talking about growing other near 
shore locations, Philippines, Mexico City, South Africa that is our focus to continue to grow that portion of the 
portfolio but for now the margin outlook is of 11% to 12% and then from that point onwards improving by 25 to 30 
BPS a year. 
Mohit Jain: 
As a followup so the near shore locations you count in onshore when you report the percentages or is it counted as 
offshore? 
Vipul Khanna: 
They are counted offshore. 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
10 
Mohit Jain: 
Great Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Vipul, I had a couple of questions. Question number one was with regards to the 
consolidation that we have seen amongst the mega customer care companies in the course of last 12 months how 
do you think this impacts the landscape for midsized players like us? 
 
The second question was with regards to the significant offshore shift that almost the entire customer care 
industries since we have been talking about over the course of now 12 to 15 months and we are seeing this change 
significantly?  
 
How should we be thinking about our margin outlook given the fact that we should also be benefiting from such a 
significant swing in terms of offshore delivery? So, what is driving the status quo from our end? 
Vipul Khanna: 
The big call center consolidation that we have seen or at least announced, is interesting as these guys are big 
volume industries like tech, retail, communications, energy, government as well and they run sort of global 
portfolio serving multilingual and I think that race to kind of be bigger and serve all geographies, all languages, that 
seems to be the primary driver. As opposed to that our primary focus is more niche, heavy domain focused call 
centers right, whether it is healthcare or mortgage, targeted parts of tech or EdTech the learner experience that we 
talked about and even for our CMT clients we work with a few, but we work across more sophisticated sort of 
client acquisition retention those kind of chains with the vanilla servicing. So I think we are talking slightly different 
markets there. Clearly, we do not operate at that level of scale or that level of multilingual capability. So to that 
extent I do not think or worry about the impact from those big mergers. In fact some of the conversations that we 
have had in the last few weeks with couple of clients is that the larger clients especially the mega clients, the 
TechOne, they kind of worry a little bit about the concentration risk such mergers present to them and to that 
extent there might be some opportunity for them to expand their portfolio of suppliers so that they are not 
exposed to a few very large providers, so we will see how that plays out from a concentration standpoint.  
 
On the margin, I think clearly last year was an aberration, we had a massive revenue shock from mortgage and the 
collection is not kind of picking in that normally does. This year we come back to normal margins even with the 
move that we are talking about right, with a large client in a couple of smaller towns in healthcare and BFS. If you 
look at our onshore offshore mix it is still broadly 70:30.Our intent is to slowly and strategically move our clients as 
well as new deals with a heavy offshore tilt right that should help the margin as this movement starts and it starts 
to reflect on our results we will give you better guidance on sort of how we see that but please do keep in 
perspective it is still 70:30 onshore offshore while what you might be comparing with as very different portfolio 
mixes. Within that reality we do think we can eke out this 25-30 BPS every year for now from this 11% to 12% 
guidance. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure and just to provide you further on the margin outlook. From a segmental margin standpoint, we saw the big 
drop in terms of BFS margins through the course of FY2023 and have seen recovery over the course of last couple 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
11 
of quarters should we see these segmental margins on the BFS side go back to the 17-18% levels over the course of 
next 12 months? 
Vipul Khanna: 
I do not know when they will go up, but we will definitely continue to see improvement clearly as our mortgage 
volumes had dropped there was a significant impact on their margin given the scale. We made great progress in 
the last three quarters and we feel confident that over the next two quarters we will continue to eke out sort of 
more margins from mortgage. I think collection is in a good run especially with increase in share of digital and our 
diversification into banking is still relatively sort of young and nascent. Right now it is all about market share and 
landing accounts there. We will kind of deal with sort of margins once we have the critical mass there but overall, 
directionally we should see continued positive movement in the BFS margin. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure and the last bookkeeping question was with regards to our healthcare business if you could provide a split of 
the HPHS and healthcare provider business both for FY2023 as well as for Q1 FY2024? 
Vipul Khanna: 
So this quarter we were at about 55:45, 55 HPHS, 45 provider and our full year number was kind of in the same 
ballpark, maybe sort of a percentage movement here or there for the full year as well as for this quarter. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderate: 
We will take the next question from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions, first about just want to get a sense about the new service 
offering which we I think are highlighting over last few quarters. So progress made on those things. First about 
trust and safety standard offering which is for content models and which we are highlighting for last couple of 
quarters and second is FinCrimes or financial crime operations if you can provide some sense about overall market 
size, how we want to play in these things and what kind of let us say three-year, five year kind of time horizon 
scalability of some of these offerings?  
 
Second question is about the guidance asking rate if you can run through us what would be the asking CQGR based 
on 2 to 5 which we require for next three quarters and last question is about the finance cost, finance cost seems 
to have increased substantially quarter-on-quarter, so if you can give some sense what led to that increase and 
whether it is here to sustain things? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Finance costs have two components one is  normal on a borrowing the interest costs which we pay and the second 
is on accounting on leases because as you have facility or interest cost and the depreciation get split on the lease 
rental. So this year there is no material change in a finance cost purely on the borrowings there is a borrowing 
increase so there is a slight increase, interest rate still remains between around five percent for our borrowing so 
that has not significantly changed. I think larger component is as we are growing the offshore book we have a new 
center coming into and that plays when you do the capitalization of those centers, the interest component is 
higher in the initial few years and then it reduces. So I think that is the larger piece but we see that next quarter 
onward it will be normalized, it will not be at that high level hope that answers your question. 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
12 
Dipesh: 
Just on the number of center, let us say where we report India center and those data, it is showing one reduction 
rather than one increase so from here what is our intent? 
Dinesh Jain: 
There is a reduction and there is an increase. The previous old center which was in the process of going out that 
has gone, so net is the decrease but the overall we have added three centers in this quarter. 
Vipul Khanna: 
On the new offerings, trust and safety is the big market, it has come up in the last 5-6 years, maybe a little bit 
longer. Varying estimates span about $5 billion up until 2021 middle of 2022 it was growing strongly, north of 
around 20% obviously since the tech slowed down in H2 of last calendar and this year that growth rate has come 
down, but we still believe that the market is ready for maturity. It has done the first wave of offering right which 
was just pure content moderation, but now beyond the big platform companies we see the off take of trust and 
safety by a varied user and far more sophisticated and far more targeted new scales usage of customer safety from 
privacy to ads integrity and obviously even government starting to look at it from a from different angle that they 
look at it from a content standpoint. So we are still early in the game. We have come into a mature market, but we 
do think there is room. There is room to bring in a partner driven or tech powered solution there. We have had a 
couple of small but sort of symbolic wins and we are  still building up our pipeline on this market so still very early, 
but it is a long game and as you said if you take a four or five year view the threshold generally rule of thumb that 
we use is that if we are starting a new practice in five years we should see like a $50 million sort of outlook for that 
business.. That is from an aspiration standpoint but we are still early in this game and this year is a year when the 
TNS market itself is kind of relatively flat as most tech companies have recalibrated their stuff. I think this year will 
be a year when existing players will be aggressive, deal making will be more price driven and we will see sort of 
how much we want to play and how the rest want to play out there. 
 
Fin crime starting with banks and then potentially going to more these fin tech oriented payment product that is 
the market which has grown really rapidly in the last two years earlier from an AML KYC and now increasingly from 
an online payment and a fraud standpoint. Our mainstay there today is an extension of our DECX offering where 
from our call center experience we are getting into more fraud oriented, more specialized calls there. We have had 
great success in UK where we work with four of the top banks and that offering is what we are now as we kind of 
start to enter the US banking market beyond mortgage and collections. This is one of the more mature offerings 
that we are taking up and building the pipeline interest in that market. I do not have very good estimates from 
different areas, but from what I what have seen the estimates for this market also range from between $2 to $4 
billion and there are a variety of ways in which customers are doing some very heavy system plus kind of offering, 
right X plus offering to more scale or more operational offerings where we are trying to play from a call center 
which is identifying, solving, and even servicing sort of those related calls and then working our way back onwards 
into the left side of the process. And then I already offered comments that EdTech that we have been allotted for 
the last 12 to 18 months, we have had very good wins and I think this large deal that we just announced kind of 
validates the thinking that we have had of entering this segment and now we have a pretty healthy portfolio, now 
some meaningful revenues as well to play with and take the next level of sort of GTM focus for this particular 
market.  

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
13 
 
As far as rest of the year goes, we do expect sequential growth. We expect that Q2 will be relatively modest growth 
given the higher impact of the onshore to offshore and from there on the growth will accelerate into Q3 and Q4. 
That is how we currently modeled to kind of get to our guideline that we have. 
Dipesh: 
Understand. Just one question about this EdTech deal. Now if I look at known top client exposure to CMT it seems 
to be almost one third of the revenue coming from this single client kind of thing once it starts getting reinforced so 
what is the mix in this unknown sky if you can provide some sense EdTech obviously whether it is fairly 
concentrated it seems so far, but if you can give some colour which area we are and how we expect some of those 
segments to grow for us? Thanks. 
Vipul Khanna: 
So, you are saying within CMT what is the share of top clients and then what are the other growth coming out? 
Dipesh: 
The top client is obviously we report so we can calculate for the remaining 3% business how it is divided? 
Vipul Khanna: 
The remaining CMT we have growing say more closer to one fourth sort of US portfolio that we have built up on 
that this is without the EdTech sort of a new growth that I talked about. Within that there is a decent concentration 
of clients on the US side. UK obviously is the big one and a few small ones. EdTech once it builds up by Q4 I think 
we will be in a better position to tell you in the overall CMT scheme of things where it will land, but I think we need 
to think a little about this before I give you the answer. I can give you more directional answers, if you want to 
double check on any of that on the CMT side. 
Dipesh: 
Maybe we can take it later. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha: 
Hi Vipul congrats on good execution. Couple of questions first is on the decline in the collection of business that we 
saw so can you quantify what was the extent of decline because we understand that Q4 is essentially a strong 
quarter from that case what was the kind of decline that we saw in Q1? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Q4 is a seasonally high quarter for tax, this fourth quarter was not as high seasonality as we saw in the past, but 
there was still an impact from seasonality. Legal collection is still taking its time to build up there is not a decline, 
but legal collection from where it was in Q4 to Q1 it was relatively flat; however, early stage collections barring the 
impact of seasonality was solid right. The new wins as well as the volume from big clients held steady so if I take 
out the seasonality impact we are happy with sort of where the core or the early stage collections land in.  
Shradha: 
Would it be possible for you to quantify the revenue for both the quarters in collections for that Q4 and Q1? 
Vipul Khanna: 
We are starting to give more vertical level from this quarter or this year onwards. We are trying to focus on BFS, 
healthcare, and CMT and kind of give you at that level, but happy to give you more qualitative comments if it helps. 
Shradha: 
Sure, another thing is this extension of relationship with the top client for another 10 years so does it come with 
any increase in commitment of annual budget from this account and is it more because they are shifting from in-

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
14 
house to outsourcing or is it more as a result of volatile share gains from some other vendor that they have been 
working with? 
Vipul Khanna: 
They are a giant corporation in multiple businesses. At this stage where we have started off is that there is no 
capacity reduction. It is the same capacity despite the movement that will run. Now obviously it is a very dynamic 
portfolio across product lines and across the lifecycle from acquisition to service to retention to even collections in 
some cases, right. So in that life cycle number of variables keeps changing from a strategic direction of how they 
run the business obviously they are also into a cost efficient environment. As we have moved they have also done 
some re-tooling of their core portfolio themselves. At this stage we continue to expect incremental growth 
opportunities as we have seen in the past two years. Some programs come in as volume drop off or as campaigns 
get over some volumes go away. We are fully in the table with them on every set of their annual as well as what is 
their strategic plan. There is no thematic at this point to say it will go up or down. It will be constant and 
incremental growth opportunities will come as their priorities kind of change and they adapt to it. That is where we 
understood each other’s business requirements and we will play with it. 
Shradha: 
Okay just last question. I know it is too early to call out the impact of generative AI but a larger BPO company has 
called out they expect a 20% cannibalization impact over the next three years so how do we see net-to-net GAI 
impact on our business? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Look it is very topical. We do not spend a day these days without talking about GAI and all of us are experimenting 
at home and all of us are experimenting in businesses, right from trip planning to how to make dishes to sort of 
how to respond to chat. I think personally it is very early, market is still in the phase of testing out different things 
of taking the technology and bringing into the enterprise world. All of us are testing our pilots and those pilots give 
us a point of view to say if I take hundred people to do this chat and never put GAI I could do is 80. Yes, we could 
get to those pilot level sort of estimates of productivity or human either effectiveness or reduction, but to 
extrapolate it across the portfolio, I think that is a fallacy that we saw during the time of RPA launch as well like 
eight years ago. Everybody thought if we can get 30% in one process you could get 30% across the entire 
operational state, but that never happens. So I am very circumspect giving that sort of estimate but at this stage 
everybody wants to experiment. New specialized partners are emerging every day who are bringing LLM specific to 
an industry, mortgage as opposed to collections as opposed to healthcare in the rim of the regulation requirement 
of each industry. So right now the focus is to test it out, see how it works and then see how much material you can 
implement and how much you can squeeze out. Also keep in mind demand keeps changing as well, the GAI and our 
patterns as consumers will also change so there is a demand side and there is a supply side affecting this. Between 
the two I kind of hesitate to make a long term prediction yet. 
Shradha: 
I got it and just if I can squeeze in one last question. In the healthcare segment we reported a 4% decline so is it 
more to do with HPHS or did we see some weakness even in the provider segment? 
Vipul Khanna: 
Provider was very seasonal. There were one or two programmes which we knew will come to an end. There was 
some decline from there but thematically as I said provider seems set for sort of steady growth as market activities 
pick up and as more deals happen or pick up. HPHS had more decline again partly some because of one or two 

 
 
            
 
 
 
 
© Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
15 
accounts that were coming to the end of their implementation phase, especially the BPAS account that we had and 
then there were some minor volumes corrections in one of the account, but it was more where we expected 
growth to come in faster it is kind of running behind from a deal closure that is kind of impacting it more, but yes 
more index to HPHS than provider for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you! 
Vipul Khanna: 
Well thank you everyone for your engagement, for your great questions and your continued support. We look 
forward to coming back and reporting Q2 to you in a few months’ time. Thank you again and have a great day 
ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
