   
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: Tower 3, 1st Floor, 
East Wing, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.India 
 T: +91 22 6167 8499   F: +91 22 6167 8383 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
 
Date: May 26, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 39/2023-24 
Our Reference: 39/2023-24 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015) – Transcript of Earnings Call 
  
With reference to our earlier intimation dated May 19, 2023 and May 22, 2023, regarding the 
Earnings Call on the audited financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023, held 
on May 22, 2023, kindly find enclosed the transcript of the same. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS – 28839  
Rashmi 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Rashmi Khandelwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6571, 
pseudonym=133092532660904848ndUPGYWFT9
oI87, 
2.5.4.20=5da9433664eafa69d23a314f5c20da45b8
c4392b456b9ff24d4c3b398bc97a9d, 
postalCode=400079, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=847b14bda041d6dbff9751936352
8ffafbe2af6889746847c8868c38c9be8da4, 
cn=Rashmi Khandelwal 
Date: 2023.05.26 18:52:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2023 
.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHANTANU KHOSLA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – CROMPTON GREAVES CONSUMER 
ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PROMEET GHOSH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. RANGARAJAN SRIRAM – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – BUTTERFLY 
GANDHIMATHI APPLIANCES LIMITED 
 
MR. KALEESWARAN ARUNACHALAM – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. YESHWANT REGE – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY 
AND FINANCIAL PLANNING – CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome you all to Q4 FY '23 and FY '23 Results first-ever interactive webinar with senior 
management of Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals. We have with us today, Mr. Shantanu 
Khosla, Executive Vice Chairman; Mr. Promeet Ghosh, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. Rangarajan Sriram, Managing Director, Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances 
Limited; Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Yeshwant Rege, Vice 
President, Strategy and Financial Planning. 
Now I'll hand over the mic to the management team for initial comments on quarterly as well as 
annual performance. Post that, we will start the question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over 
to you, sir. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Good morning, everyone. This is Shantanu here and thank you all for joining our year-end and 
Q4 analyst call. With me, I have Promeet, our Managing Director and CEO; Sriram; 
Kaleeswaran and Yeshwant. I will start as usual by making a few overall comments and I will 
comment largely on overall full-year perspective, and then we will move on finally to questions. 
In an overall challenging environment, our consolidated revenue grew a strong 27% over the 
fiscal with a standalone growth of 8% on Crompton. Most importantly, in spite of the 
environment and the external challenges, we continued to ensure that we maintained and, in fact, 
stepped up our investments which will pay dividends in building our long-term strategic choices 
and business. 
Firstly and most importantly, we continued to invest in our key acquisition of the Butterfly 
business. As you are aware, this was the first full year of Butterfly operating along with 
Crompton. We have, over this period, transitioned from the erstwhile promoters, made key 
growth interventions, and have begun efforts to consolidate and execute the joint business of the 
two companies. This has resulted in this fiscal in Butterfly delivering its highest ever profits with 
an EBITDA of Rs. 97 crores and the full-year revenue growth of 10%. 
Secondly, we have continued to step up our investments in strengthening the brand and brand 
awareness and made consistent efforts to reach closer to consumers through our wide-ranging 
activities across various touchpoints. It included the launch of digital LED campaigns, defining 
a new brand architecture, structured digital marketing, in-store transformation, increasing 
influencer connect, etc. Over the full year, our advertising and promotion spending stood at 
3.6%, a significant increase over the 2.8% of the previous fiscal. 
Thirdly, as we have been doing over the last couple of years, we have significantly been investing 
in innovation and R&D, which we believe is a long-term lifeblood of our company. As you are 
aware, we made a significant step by creating an independent R&D centre a while ago. This 
year, that investment in capabilities, people and infrastructure continued, and our R&D 
investment this year increased 50% over the previous year and is now almost Rs. 80 crores. 
Thirdly, we have continued to invest in the critical new category entry in the kitchen area, where 
we entered built-in kitchen appliances segment in Q1 of '23 with a comprehensive range of 
chimneys, hobs, built-in ovens, built-in microwaves, and dishwashers. Close to 10 months of 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
launch, the business performed well and is progressing as per our plans. Significant efforts and 
investment went on channel development and building strong back-end processes. The focus has 
always been to have a differentiated portfolio with superior features. 
The built-in kitchen segment is Rs. 2,200 crores as a market and is growing at 10%. We are 
currently in the investment phase, and we will continue to spend towards distribution and 
marketing to achieve our goal of being a top 3 player with at least a 10% market share in the 
next two to three years. 
Finally, we have continued to invest in significantly improving our processes and stepped-up 
investment in driving manufacturing excellence through Project Udaan. Our Project Unnati has 
delivered savings of Rs. 248 crores over this fiscal, which would be a key source of our ability 
to make the investments I mentioned above. 
Additionally, I would like to touch on the key critical transition, which we went through at the 
end of last quarter and through the beginning of this quarter on our business fans, with the new 
BEE norms. As we talked in our last quarterly call, we do a conscious calibrated call on how we 
should transition with an objective of getting superior products into our customers, and thereby, 
into the hands of our consumers faster than competition. As we look back on the results of this 
quarter through the beginning of the Unnati program, it looks like this call is working as we have 
delivered competitively superior results across our fan business through this transition as 
compared to competition. 
Finally, I would like to touch upon an area which we are proud of. As we had done this work 
obviously with an objective of building our business and delivering superior shareholder return, 
we are seeing that we are being more and more recognized in terms of rewards and recognition 
from outside parties, and we received a significant number of awards this year, which we laid 
out in our Investor deck. 
We were ranked among the top 500 companies in India by Dun & Bradstreet. We won the title 
of India's Best Managed Companies by Deloitte. We were among the 10 companies to be 
recognized on the Next Leaders category by the Institutional Investor Advisory Services. We 
received a National Safety Award from the Global Safety Summit 2022 in the consumer 
electricals sector. Personally, something I am very proud of, Crompton was recognized as one 
of the best organizations for women in 2023 by The Economic Times. We also very recently, 
literally over the weekend, won two awards in the prestigious E4M Prime Time awards. These 
awards recognize excellence in advertising and brand building. 
Before I hand over to Promeet to update us on Q4 performance, let me share that company's 
Board has announced a dividend of Rs. 3 per share versus Rs. 2.50 per share in the previous 
year. This is in line with our policy on dividend, which we have brought back up to a 40% payout 
ratio after the payout ratios having dipped during the COVID years. 
With that, thank you, and I am passing it over to Promeet to talk more details of our quarter 4 
performance. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Thank you, Shantanu and good morning, everyone. Hello, this is the first time I am addressing 
you from this boardroom. But before I get into the details, I just want to talk a little bit about our 
new go-to-market strategy, which is going to leverage the combining strengths of Crompton and 
Butterfly. 
 As the first step, we are in the process of clearly defining the brand architecture of our kitchen 
appliances portfolio, which comprises of both Butterfly plus all domestic appliances business of 
Crompton as well as the large domestic appliances business of Crompton. This will help us to 
lay down the roadmap of where to play and how to win. Crompton's might of pan-India 
distribution network, along with Butterfly's product portfolio, will help us move in the direction 
of making Butterfly a national brand. 
As you know, Butterfly is a very strong brand in the South region we are playing it to be a 
national brand. This will also be supported by redesigning our combined organization to serve 
the channel in an optimal manner. To start with, we will conduct a pilot project. 
Now coming to how Crompton as a whole has performed. Consolidated Crompton Q4 revenue 
stood at Rs. 1,791 crores, which is a growth of 16% in the last year, while standalone Q4 
revenues stood at Rs. 1,604 crores, a growth of 5% from the last year. Now particularly, as far 
as fans is concerned, our largest business - to give you a sense of color, value growth was flat in 
Q4. In FY '23, we recorded volume growth of about 3% and a value growth of about 5%. 
Q4, as Shantanu noted earlier, was the first quarter post BEE implementation and we took a 
calibrated approach to managing our inventory across the last two quarters. And if you look at 
the last two quarters, Q3 and Q4, as a combined performance, you will see that we have 
performed quite relatively versus competition. 
For the BEE transition, we had adopted a three-prong strategy, which has been out quite well. 
We took the lead in educating consumer, being market leader, on star rated fans. Secondly, we 
focused our efforts on mitigating the impact of cost increase, which have to be claimed for setting 
up the rating of our fans. And finally, the plans on strategic pricing interventions, thereby 
improving the competitiveness. 
Now importantly, a segment that we focused on was the BLDC segment, which I am happy to 
say, grew 2.5x the previous year in the last quarter and it grew 2x year-on-year. Close to 3 lakh 
BLDC fans were sold in Q4, we rolled out the active BLDC campaign, and I think this is the air 
delivery, an innovative technology that goes behind our innovative energy-efficient fans. 
Through these efforts, we have seen growth across key markets including Ahmedabad, Pune and 
Bangalore. 
Going forward, we plan to add more decorative offerings in the BLDC range. We have launched 
BLDC fan, Roverr, which is a smart 5-star rated under light fan, featuring active BLDC 
technology, anti-dust and fluidic telescopic design. With these efforts, we are now already 
among the top 2 BLDC players. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Continuing the focus we have had on improvisation, our premium ceiling fan segment continued 
to grow quite strongly in both value and volume about 20% over the previous year. Apart from 
ceiling fans, the TPW category grew greater than 10% also last quarter. There has been now 
focus on in-housing TPW range, which improves our control over quality as well as give us a 
cost advantage. 
As you are aware, the fan segment has been quite competitive. The competition has multiplied 
manifold in the last five, six years. However, we continue to gain market share in every quarter 
over the previous last four years, and we have maintained our overall market share during the 
year while improving our share of premium fans. 
Going forward, from a value consciousness and inflation point of view, consumers are more 
likely to be inclined towards a purchase of technology to create improved energy-efficient fans, 
which is a positive long-term pavement from segment. Further, post-pandemic, there has been a 
pickup in housing, which provides another structural pavement. 
Now let us turn to pumps. In Q4, as you might already be aware, we took two important actions 
to bring our pumps business back on track. Firstly, we rolled out a new brand architecture for 
the mini pump series and strengthened our brand offering by introducing sharply differentiated 
products. Then we undertook some strategic pricing decisions to ensure that the price premium 
is at the level that the consumer is willing to pay for. 
And now this is showing up in the business with pumps growing at a value of 15% last quarter. 
Overall, in the last year, the value growth for FY '23 has already been about 9%. With this, the 
pumps performance, as we said, has improved. And this is an important part of what we are 
undertaking to continue to strongly give an impetus to our pumps business going forward. 
Along with the growth in the trade channel, we are focused on improving tractions in the modern 
retail channel as well as in the retail rural channel, which grew 2x in Q4 over a lower base cost 
from the previous year. If you recollect, last year, we launched a Saathi program, plumber loyalty 
program, which is technology driven. And I am happy to say that that is playing out quite well. 
One of the key actions that you will see in the pumps in the near future include strengthening in 
the northern market. The plan is to roll out targeted ATL and BTL activities, along with the 
category revamp for key segments. 
 Appliances, I am happy to report that we had a value growth in excess of 40% in Q4. And in FY 
'23, we had a value growth of about 30%. The appliance business continued to show strong 
growth momentum. The core categories, water heaters and air coolers combined had a growth 
of 34% in Q4. And one of our focused and fast-growing categories, mixers and grinders, grew 
in excess of 70% and close to 2 lakh mixers were sold in Q4. 46 new SKUs were launched in 
the small domestic appliances category, which is part of the sale of the kitchen appliances. And 
focus on secondary sales and we focused on secondary sales by setting up nearly 100 distributors 
and made various feet on street (FOS) appointments. This resulted in significant growth in the 
business in small domestic appliances of about more than 60% in the last quarter. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Gearing up for the summer, a few new products have been launched, one of them is Cool Breeze, 
desert cooler with modern aesthetics and crude pump which works even with hard water. The 
other is Optimus Window Cooler, which is an extension of the Optimus series and has the highest 
air delivery and wider-angle throw. 
Now to our flagship business, the large kitchen appliances business. This is a business that we 
are mentioning at the point and after close to about 10 months of launch, the business has 
performed well and progressing to plans. The focus is to have a differentiated portfolio with 
superior and industry-first features. Significant efforts were spent on channel development 
wherein 55 brand stores, signature stores in some cases and exclusive stores in others, are heavily 
opened across 12 city clusters. Lead generation campaigns and performance marketing has 
generated quality leads with good conversion rates. 
NPD, the New Product Development roadmap, has been designed on the basis of unmet 
consumer needs. By 2024, we plan to be present in 26 city clusters with 100-plus brand store 
and continue our trust on lead generating campaigns. The kitchen segment has always been a 
focus area for us, this is the reason we got Butterfly and our entry in the built-in appliance 
segment will further consolidate our position in the space, in addition to driving growth and 
premiumization of the Crompton brand. With the above initiatives, the ECD segment in Q4 
showed a revenue of Rs. 1,326 crores, growing at 8% versus last year. EBIT margin stood at 
16.4%, an improvement of 60 basis points for Q3. 
Now lighting. Lighting, as we know has been an area which has unshort our expectations and 
continues to be an area of improvement. Importantly, in this business, our value growth in the 
year has been flat. But also in Q4, our volume growth has been flat, while the value growth was 
in the negative, which means that we invested upon volume growth. 
Now clearly an area of focus. What we have, as we speak, decided to do is to address our go-to-
market in that segment. And what we are doing is we have now integrated our lighting D2C 
sales and brought it under the category head. Earlier, as you are probably aware, this used to be 
a part of the central sales structure. This will be the much-needed focus in alignment in the same. 
We have also, a few days ago, hired a new D2C sales head, who will be overseeing this segment. 
Some of the other initiatives that we are undertaking is launching some innovative products, 
especially in the lamps and battens area with a low-cost delta. We have also recently entered 
some categories like tube light and table lamps, night lamps, etc. We continue to drive aggressive 
cost reduction through our programs like Unnati and Udaan. And finally, we are expanding our 
go-to-market reach as well with 35 new distributors in contract areas currently. And we are also 
building the rurban and e-commerce channels for introducing further lines. 
Now strategic initiatives. We have been continuously focusing our efforts on the implementation 
of identified strategic initiatives, which includes in-store detailed transformation, which aims to 
improve overall customer experience in-store. We transformed, probably 80% of the states and 
plan to cover another 500 additional stores in H1. Go-to-market acceleration, as we have already 
spoken about - the go-to-market initiatives that we are taking, both in looking at the overall 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
kitchen appliances area, which includes the small domestic appliance area of Crompton as well 
as Butterfly and separating out the lighting B2C business area. 
Project Udaan. I expect that we talk about from time-to-time. It's focused on manufacturing and 
supply chain excellence. Unnati, we have been talking from time-to-time, continues to generate 
a few substantial savings. Even now our focus has gone beyond direct costs, also to indirect 
costs and we hope to see benefits we are having from that. 
ESG finally; sustainability is something that is very close to our heart. Our sustainability efforts 
have been geared towards achieving energy savings, reducing supply chain miles for fans and 
appliances and promoting water conservation and management. We are ramping up our 
investments in R&D for long-term durability and performance of our products and in order to 
improve our consumers' experience in sustainable and eco-conscious products. 
Finally, consolidated balance sheet and liquidity. Consolidated cash and cash equivalents at the 
end of FY '23 stood at Rs. 657 crores. And net debt at that time stood at Rs. 344 crores. 
Consolidated net working capital has increased by Rs. 104 crores versus March '22, mainly due 
to stocking for inventory build-up functions. Finally, we see a strong balance sheet positioning 
and very well placed to invest in the long-term development of the business and to continue to 
grow our business strongly. 
Rangarajan Sriram: 
Thank you, Promeet. Good morning, everyone. The Board of Directors of Butterfly Gandhimathi 
approved the results for the quarter and the year ended 31st of March 2023 on 12th May. So as 
per the results, our Q4 revenue stood at Rs. 187 crores with a margin decline of 2% versus last 
year. And our gross margin stood at 31.9%, and our EBIT margin stood at 2%. 
The key highlight for the quarter is as follows. We continue to remain focused in improving the 
retail mix to drive the healthy business across the channels. That has resulted in one of the fastest 
growing and the retail continue to grow faster, it grows around 19% in Q4 with a healthy 
improvement in margins. 
And I feel that e-commerce de-risk is behind us. We are getting the growth back in the e-
commerce channel, which is critical, but we also plan to do so by fully listing the existing 
portfolios and launching channel specific products. And we continue to remain focused on 
building capabilities across functions in sales, category marketing and R&D and in back-end 
manufacturing. So which strengthened our entire operations, and we have started to hire 
experienced people and capable people. 
From a market position point of view, in the Q4, the market share remains almost flat for across 
all the core categories with a marginal increase in share in mixer grinders. And then our retail 
continues to be the growth driver. We continuously invest in new product development, and 
especially in the last quarter, our share of business from new products tends to be significant by 
launching over more than 23 orders. That is the update as of now from Butterfly. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Some quick final remarks from me. While the Indian consumer durable market is rapidly 
evolving, the demand environment had its ups and downs. While commodity prices started to 
ease off during the year, we expect some time to pass before this translates into inflation easing 
off. The demand has improved in quite before, but we must closely monitor inflation levels, 
which remain largely unchanged in the past few quarters. 
We expect demand headwinds to stay for a few months, but we will continue to work towards 
growing our revenues faster than the market in growing profits, at least in line with revenues, 
which would lead to strong cash generation. 
With this, let me just quickly take you through the numbers. The Board of Directors at their last 
meeting approved the quarterly results for the company. The total revenue for the quarter was 
Rs. 1,604 crores. The consolidated number would be Rs. 1,791 crores. The ECD revenues stood 
at Rs. 1,326 crores. EBIT margin stood at 16.4%. Lighting revenues stood at Rs. 278 crores. 
EBIT margin stood at 10.9%. Material margins were at 30.7%, while on a consolidated basis 
they were 31.5%. Gross margins on a stand-alone basis were 25.5%, while on a consolidated 
basis, they were 26.2%. EBITDA margins, stand-alone 12.2%; consolidated, 11.8%. Stand-alone 
PBT was Rs. 172 crores; consolidated, Rs. 170 crores. PAT, Rs. 132 crores; consolidated, Rs. 
132 crores. 
And as you can see, we do have the metric of having good growth, having strong margins, and I 
look forward to the company continuing to strengthen the core as we build for the future. Thank 
you. 
With that, we'll accept questions that you may have. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
We will now open the floor for question-and-answer session. We have with us first question from 
Mr. Siddhartha Bera from Nomura 
Siddhartha Bera: 
I had a question on this BEE channel transition and the current inventory levels, if you can share 
what is in the system. And given the demand you are looking at in the first quarter, how long do 
you think it will take for the current inventory to get normalized. And second is on the cost side, 
if you have taken up the entire costs in the pricing side or there is still some recovery which you 
need to pass on? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Insofar the cost side is concerned, yes, we have mitigated some of those with the cost 
management programs as we indicated. And there has been some price increases. We have 
actually passed on those but in the next quarter, let us see if we can do that.  
Insofar as the BEE channel inventory is concerned, there is the degree idea of presence of 
nonregulated fans in the segment. But as you are aware, we approach this quite differently from 
the rest of the industry. So my sense is that the extent of our inventory in the channel for BLDC 
fans is lower than others 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Shantanu Khosla: 
I will add one more point on that. As you are aware, the expectation of the lower star, the 1 
star, 2-star product was that the pricing would be higher than the pre-BEE. And that is one of 
the reasons, a lot of competitive companies loaded a lot of non-BEE stock. However, as 
Promeet mentioned, given the competitive nature of the product, a lot of that pricing initially 
did not happen. Therefore, the BEE 1 star, 2-star product in the marketplace, in the initial 
period was the same price as non-BEE. Therefore, competition, which have put in a large non-
BEE, did not even have the price advantage to the consumer. And that has led to potentially 
competition inventory of the 1 Star product being even higher. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it sir. Sounds good. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
We have the next question from Ms. Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. 
Renu Baid: 
I have two, three key questions. My first question is on the core business. In fans, if you can help 
us understand what is the kind of price and cost bridge required in the BEE rating which 
essentially entails the kind of cost increases, the price increases required from us over the next 
12 to 18 months to bridge this gap? And accordingly, by when do we expect the margins in the 
ECD segment to normalize back to 18% levels? Or do we think structurally, there is now a 
readjustment to the EBIT margins in the ECD segment for the core business? That is the first 
question on fans. And if you can also highlight the market share, current market share that we 
have in this category. 
Kaleeswaran A: 
Yes, thanks, Renu. To start with, from an overall costing perspective, BEE transition meant there 
is about 15 percentage increase in costs via the Unnati program that we have discussed earlier. 
This cost increase has been mitigated through various VAVE activities, and we have got it down 
to about say 5% to 7%. 
Initially, the thought was we will be able to pass a large part of this cost increase to the consumers 
in Q4 itself. That has not happened. And we expect this cost delta to remain for some more time, 
considering where the inflation is today and how do we see the demand scenario outlook. So 
right now, we are not looking at any price increases. As things move forward, we will see a 
calibrated approach net of further Unnati reduction that is possible, can we pass on the 4% to 
5% delta that is available. 
Part would be addressing in terms of the margin model that we are looking at. Eventually, we 
believe as an organization that there is a lot of growth opportunity in fans as a category rather 
than looking at EBIT margin percentage. And you have seen a large part of it panning out in 
some of the activities that we carried out in Q4. Significant uptick has happened in terms of 
investments behind our Fans, let it be on the innovation side or a bit beyond the advertisement 
and marketing side. 
As we move forward, we do believe a sustainable absolute EBIT which is going to deliver growth 
for us, and that would in turn expanding EPS is probably a better strategy for us than looking at 
the EBIT percentage growth and looking to restore that. Fundamentally, we believe volume and 
value growth is more critical than EBIT margin. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The last thing I would add to that Renu is, if you look at the gross margin, I see that the gross 
margin declines are significantly less than the EBITDA decline, versus historic peak levels. So 
we are in the process of recovering pricing as Kalees mentioned, the cost increases. The EBIT 
is a choice driven by the stepped-up investment level. 
Specifically in three areas, and you can see this across our numbers. 1) advertising; 2) innovation 
and R&D; and 3) our continued investments in go-to-market. As these translate, they do better 
and better revenue growth, which we believe they will do over time. The absolute profit we feel 
will end up in the right place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital 
Baidik Sarkar: 
First up, the increased disclosure numbers are welcome, and I hope the level of disclosure get 
better from here on. Could I request for a deconstruction gentleman, what is exactly that is ailing 
our Lighting segment? Because I am not sure of this an industry event because Havells on their 
much larger base for lighting has delivered in Q4 as well. So if you take us a few steps and help 
us understand how you are imagining this going forward? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
First, I think it is important to let us separate and talk two separate parts of lighting, B2C and 
B2B, because clearly the dynamics are different. Let us talk B2C. There is no doubt, as we 
mentioned before, that we have relatively underperformed in our B2C business. 
One of the most important interventions we believe that what Promeet already talked about the 
interventions we're making in go-to-market. Let me try and clarify that. Our sales force for 
lighting was part of our integrated national sales force. Now we believe that because of that, 
there was always a tendency to not get the right level of focus that the lighting business go-to-
market required. 
Frankly, we had exactly the same issue on our small appliances business, and about 12 months 
ago, we separated this out from the fans distribution infrastructure, and we see extremely positive 
results on that well above most of the industry. So that's given us confidence. Because what 
happens is, actually at the retail level there is not that much of an overlap between the fans, 
retailers and the big lighting retailers. 
Because of the nature of our business, if you keep the sales force integrated, they invariably tend 
to be more focused on fans because it is a bigger business. The choice that we have made now, 
is that we have separated and created a completely independent go-to-market organization for 
B2C lighting, which does not report into the overall national sales operations but reports into the 
business and category. We believe that this focus on go-to-market can make us step change 
distribution. And that's the first big change. Of course, as Promeet mentioned, that has to be 
followed and supported by the other enablers of product innovation, continuously refreshing the 
line, getting the right pricing in the market and marketing support. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
And also costing 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Right, and costing so that we get the right pricing, etc. This will start beginning to get executed 
as we speak. So we should start seeing the positive results of this as we look out into the next 
couple of quarters. But the small appliances experiences that we have had gives us new 
confidence that this is the right way to go in this kind of business. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Thanks Shantanu, that is helpful. How's the season been so far? We are almost halfway through 
Q1. How should we imagine the operating leverage from each of initiatives play out this year? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The season as how do I call it, healthy mix. Obviously, our business has done relatively well 
especially our seasonal products, we should add great results this quarter on geysers, we have 
had outstanding results on overall fans and in fact particularly TPW which tends to be more 
seasonal. But when I say mixed, it is mixed in the sense of up till now, at least, we have got 
sudden cool days or rainy days coming in market by market. This tends to unsettle the day, like 
what is happening. 
But overall, we are quite happy with the way our business has performed. If I look at in terms of 
the first quarter, in terms of percentage of the full year, it looks like a decent season on the whole. 
However, as Promeet very clearly mentioned, the overall inflation etc., picture moving out is 
still somewhat uncertain. So we have to watch the market over the next couple of quarters I 
would say. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Thanks gentlemen. Best wishes, I'll be in touch. Thank you 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My question is regarding the broad-based revenue breakup across the ECD and the Lighting 
segment. Lighting, if you can give how much is B2B, B2C and B2G. And ECD between fans, 
pumps and small appliances, rough numbers that will be fine, sir. 
Kaleeswaran A: 
Ravi, as you would know, we do not give the category specific details at this point of time. We 
have given a broad overview in terms of our additional disclosures that we made during the call. 
However, just as a construct, if you have to look at it, our lighting business is split almost equally 
between B2B and B2C. Over a period of time, the strategy has been to probably de-risk B2B so 
that we come out of something which is not predictable and does not have a pattern to it like a 
government order or a noninstitutional order as part of the B2B segment operation. 
The focus as we move forward will be largely on the B2B side of business. And on ECD, if you 
look at it, largely we are fans led, with the next two categories being pumps and appliances. 
With small domestic appliances being a nascent part of the journey, the appliance of Crompton 
is largely led by geysers and coolers at this point of time. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. And from a profitability perspective, within the fans, is there any marked difference 
between the BLDC fans and the regular fans that we sell? 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
The absolute profits are always higher when you start looking at the premium range and BLDC 
range as compared to the entry level section. Yes, we do tend to do more on the absolute profit 
basis on the higher range of fans. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it sir. Thanks. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Thanks, Ravi. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Next, we have question from Mr. Rahul Agarwal from Incred Capital 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I am deviating a bit from the results. Just one question to the management as everybody is here. 
In our interaction with investors, there is a lot of discussion that happens if synergies can be 
drawn from Crompton Greaves Consumers. In case going forward, the management thinks of 
merging with a suitable large brand in the country, the names which come out generally are CG 
Power and Polycab. I just wanted to get your thoughts. Like is there any kind of possibility for 
that to happen or the team right now is clearly determined to run the business independently and 
we should just ignore these thoughts at our end? That is the only question I have sir, thank you. 
Kaleeswaran A: 
Absolutely, no is the answer, Rahul.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
We are as a team, single mindedly focused on running the business to maximize revenue growth, 
profit back and thereby shareholder value. That is our focus for the short, medium and long-term. 
Kaleeswaran A: 
Just adding to it, Rahul, today as you would know, we are very well placed as a brand, and we 
have got leadership in the categories that we operate with. Our unit economics are pretty strong. 
The fundamental market leadership in the categories are clearly established, and we have got a 
very strong and robust balance sheet in hand. Coupled with that, the Butterfly acquisition is also 
playing in line with what we wanted it to do and the opportunity to do significantly higher at this 
point of time. So we have a focused team with the right amount of capital distribution and 
capabilities to create shareholder value. So we do not see the need of strategic partner at this 
point of time to create that value. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. So thank you so much. I will come back in the queue. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Next, we have a question from Mr. Achal Lohade from JM Financial.  
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, if you don't mind, could you please just remind us in terms of FY '23, what is the value 
growth in fans, pumps and appliances, once again, please? And in terms of the butterfly margin, 
now since you have mentioned that in terms of the de-risking the channel part, e-comm channel 
part, how do we look at the margins from here on? Earlier the expectation was it could be closer 
to mid-teens, early teens to mid-teens. Are we still sticking to that? Or it could be around the 
current levels from a full-year perspective? 
Kaleeswaran A: 
So let me start with the Butterfly part of the question, Achal. I think the business, if you look at 
it prior to acquisition, pre-COVID era was largely government-led. And subsequently, it was e-
commerce led. Over a period of time, it has been moving around 5% to 7% EBITDA. I am really 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
happy to share that in our first full year of operation, Butterfly has delivered its highest ever 
profit and this profit has come on de-risking e-commerce and establishing Butterfly as a brand 
in the retail channel and now if you look at the margin model, it has moved from 5% to 7%, and 
we are moving towards a steady state of anywhere between 8% to 9%. And there's an opportunity 
to hit double-digit sometime in the future. 
                                               Having said that, I think Shantanu referred to this in the earlier call also that one thing that we 
wanted to take as a learning and apply to Butterfly in our seven-year journey is, we do not want 
to cut down the investments behind brand, people, innovation and the business side of it. So that 
is something is going to be a priority. And we are here for long-term to make Butterfly create 
value. And the objective is not to change the mid-teen margin, and therefore, get lower growths; 
it is about how you deliver sustainable growth, get into and strengthen your categories and get 
market leadership or improve on your market shift to where we are. And therefore, those 
investments should take us closer to 8%, 9% stable EBITDA moving to about say, 9%, 10% over 
a period of time. 
                                               Now the first question that you asked us in terms of where we have landed on our category growth 
on a full-year basis. Fans is a 5% value growth. Pumps is a 9% value growth for full year. 
Appliances is a 30%, large kitchen appliances in the new category and therefore there is no base 
to it and light is a minus 1% or almost flat on a full-year basis. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue. Thanks. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Next, we have question from Mr. Aditya Bhartia from Investec. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir my question is on the distribution team that we are having. You mentioned that lighting 
distribution team now we are kind of segregating and earlier, we have done it for appliances. Just 
want to understand how we are working for pumps. And is there any change that we want to be 
making over there as well? 
Kaleeswaran A: 
See, pumps to start with Aditya, it is a very different problem that we have to solve for. If you 
look, we continue to be a leadership position in the rest of the category of it. And largely, it is 
the surface pumps, which is driving the growth for us. The step one that we did there is to get the 
brand architecture design. 
                                               So if you look at our mini pumps today, it has got a clearly defined architecture from something 
that delivers a base value to something that can even go to a IFP feature. That is the ability to fill 
the tank faster and the efficiencies that it adds in we have a pricing level that has been brought 
in, which helped us to grow the pumps business, what we did in Q4 after a multiple quarter of 
challenges that we had on the pumps side of it. 
                                               Lighting, slightly a different strategy when we were referring about the distribution might that 
we need to improve there. The numeric distribution of our lighting footprint as you compared to 
fans or the pumps or appliances is far different, it is at least 5x to 8x more than the potential that 
you have for any other ECD category that is there. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
                                               So when you have a centralized sales system, your ability to focus on lighting and ensure that 
your peer objectives on the market for the go-to-market strategy to get it, it's pretty difficult to 
look at it. So what we are looking right now is we have hired a new head of sales who will report 
to our category Head of Lighting, who will focus on the B2C lighting into the distribution. 
                                               And we think over a period of time, this should help us to arrest our decline in lighting, along 
with the innovation work that we are doing on the product side. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
If you talk only about pumps, we are now seeing good success in this model, which we have put 
in the marketplace on pumps, however this is basically on many our Monoblock pumps. There 
is another segment of pumps where we are not as strong, which are the multi-stage pumps. The 
stuff that goes into borewells. 
                                               So the next opportunity of growth that we are working on, is re-applying the learnings of brand 
architecture and product innovation which we did on the Monoblock and mini-side and now also 
going to replicate that on the submersible and bore-well side. And that, we believe, will give the 
next incremental leap for growth on pumps over the years to come. On top of the ongoing 
opportunity, which we continue to see in our area of strengths, which is the mini. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
And apart from that all, this will be overlaid with a thrust on premiumization in the pumps. So 
now we have a brand architecture and that brand architecture moving up the chain there is an 
important part of the pumps. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Next, we have question from Mr. Venkatesh B from Axis Capital. Please unmute your line and 
go ahead with your question. Thank you. 
Venkatesh B: 
Just a few data questions, what was the advertising and sales promotion spends in Butterfly in 
the full year of FY '23? And what was the corresponding number for FY '22. And just one more, 
we ended FY '23 at the Crompton level at around Rs. 1,005 crores of debt. How much of this do 
you plan to repay in the current year? 
Kaleeswaran A: 
See, our overall debt at the end of Q4 after parting away with Rs. 600 crores in March stands at 
about Rs. 900 crores at this point of time. Of the Rs. 900 crores as per the calendar schedule, we 
have another Rs. 325 crores going out in Jan '24. The subsequent fund comes in June, July '24. 
So therefore, around that time, we have a good opportunity to get rid of the entire debt on the 
balance sheet. Now coming on to the marketing spends, Sriram, would you like to add, I think it 
is about 5.5% for this year. 
Rangarajan Sriram: 
Yeah, the marketing spends this year is around Rs. 60 crores versus last year Rs. 54 crores. 
Venkatesh B: 
Thank you very much. All the very best. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
We have next question from Mr. Devansh Nigotia. Please unmute your line and go ahead with 
your question. Thanks. 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Devansh Nigotia: 
In the presentation, we mentioned that we are number 2 in BLDC fans. So can you elaborate on 
why there is such a big market share shift between our leadership in traditional fans versus 
becoming number two in BLDC? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Two things. One is while we are overall market share leaders in fans, as we have been mentioning 
in these calls, we never started off as market share leaders in premium fans, pre-BLDC even if I 
go back four, five years ago. And Havells was the market share leader in premium fans, pre-
BLDC. 
                                               Over the years, as we have been driving premium, we have significantly reduced that gap on 
premium fans. Separately, BLDC is a part of premium fans. So just talking about BLDC, and we 
believe that is important because that's what is the direction for the future. As you are all probably 
aware, the first mover of significance in this market was Atomberg, because it was the only real 
meaning of there about 12 months ago in a very small BLDC market, they own most of it. 
                                               As we have all got more active – us, Havells and various other competition, there has been an 
increase obviously in total BLDC segment, but there has been a significant decline in the leader 
share which is Atomberg. So Atomberg is still number one, but we have outstanding fan sales in 
the last quarter as a very clear number two. I fully expect that this gap will keep narrowing over 
time as we get more and more of our programs and variance, etc., into the marketplace. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
I would just add a couple of points here. Look, we probably are fresh off the block on BLDC 
than we could have been. What I take a lot of comfort from is once it becomes an area of focus, 
you will see the impact in the market. And that is going to continue over the next several quarters. 
But more importantly, I think I see a lot of opportunity in the overall premium segment. We do 
have relatively though our overall fans business which comes from the premium segment, and 
you can already see what we can do, when if we put focus on that area. So really, as growing our 
premium segment as well as bolstering our BLDC presence, frankly, has strong upsides that I 
can see in our Fans business going forward. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Okay. Thank you. Thanks a lot for answering all questions. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thank you. We have last question from Mr. Aakash Javeri from Perpetual Investment Advisors.  
Aakash Javeri: 
My question is how much BLDC as a percentage of our overall fan portfolio? And how do you 
expect it to be over the next two to three years? And what are top selling models currently in 
fans? 
Kaleeswaran A: 
Aakash, BLDC for us is a new variant into the fan family. It is pretty early days. The number of 
fans that we sell in the country in terms of absolute volume on the economy segment is far high. 
BLDC right now will be about roughly 2 to 3 percentage of our overall portfolio. And one is 
looking at BLDC, the way we would also request people to start looking at this as an opportunity 
on the star rated segment. So if you divide the portfolio and start looking this as premium and 
then you start looking at within premium how do you start moving towards a 5-star rated fans, 
which is where your BLDC typically gets anchored. We see this portfolio as an industry itself 

 
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
there is enough headroom to grow. And we as a market leader, we think with what we have in 
the pipeline and the innovation that is holding in for, we think there is substantial journey that 
has to be made on the market share gain, which is something that we can talk about as we come 
to the future quarters. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
The one thing I just add on this data is the entry pricing for BLDC today in the market is around 
Rs. 3,000. The mass market of fans, which still contributes about 70% to 75% of the market is 
around Rs. 1,500 to Rs. 1,800. So there will be growth, we believe, significantly, not just in the 
price itself which maybe at disproportionate level, but there's growth possibility, with energy 
savings and other innovations, decorative, etc., across this entire pricing ladder with the most 
categories in India, a greater rate of growth at the top end of the market. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Thank you so much. And just our top-selling models in fans if you could name a few. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
High Speed is our single largest category, obviously a little bit of gap. 
Aakash Javeri: 
Sure. Thank you so much. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. We thank the management of Crompton for 
giving ICICI Securities the opportunity to host the interactive webinar. Now I hand over the call 
to the management for closing comments. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Well, thank you very much. Thank you for joining, and I hope to keep in touch with you across 
the coming quarters and weeks. And please be in touch with our team if you should need any 
further clarifications. Appreciate you taking the time. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
Thank you, everyone. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
Contact Details: 
Investor Relations: 
 
crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in  
 
Registered Address: 
Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, 
Equinox Business Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400070 
Website: www.crompton.co.in  
CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
