 
 
 
11/13 Botawala Building 1st Floor Office No 2-6 Horniman Circle Fort Mumbai 400 001 India 
Tel: 91-22-6121-8400 | Fax: 91-22-61218499 
Registered Office: 1, Bishop Lefroy Road, Kolkata – 700 020 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L15491WB1962PLC031425 
Email: investor.relations@tataconsumer.com 
Website: www.tataconsumer.com 
August 1, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code – TATACONSUM 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code - 500800 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7 Lyons Range 
Kolkata 700 001 
 
Scrip Code – 10000027 (Demat) 
                      27 (Physical) 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Conference Call held on 
Thursday, July 27, 2023, in respect of the financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The same can also be viewed at: https://www.tataconsumer.com/investors/financial-information/call-
transcripts  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consumer Products Limited 
                        
 
 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
NEELABJA 
CHAKRABARTY
Digitally signed by 
NEELABJA CHAKRABARTY 
Date: 2023.08.01 15:45:57 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Tata Consumer Products Limited 
Q1 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL D'SOUZA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. L. KRISHNAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. AJIT KRISHNAKUMAR – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER 
 
MS. NIDHI VERMA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD - 
INVESTOR RELATIONS & CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Tata Consumer Products Limited Q1 FY'24 
Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi everyone. It's a super good morning, good afternoon, good evening depending on the part of 
the world you're joining this call from. Representing ISEC, it's our absolute pleasure to host 
once again the results conference call of Tata Consumer. I hand over to Nidhi from the 
management for the intros and further proceedings. Thank you. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks so much, Manoj, for hosting us. Welcome everyone to the Q1 FY'24 call of Tata 
Consumer Products. I have in the room with me Sunil D'Souza, Managing Director and CEO; 
L. Krishnakumar, Executive Director and Group CFO; and Ajit Krishnakumar, COO. As we 
normally do, what we'll do is Sunil will spend about 15 minutes talking about some of the key 
highlights of the quarter and then we will get straight into Q&A. You can submit your 
questions on the webcast or you can come to the Q&A line. I would also like to draw your 
attention to the disclaimer statement that is on your screens right now. 
And with that, I will hand it over to Sunil. 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Thanks, Nidhi. So if you go down straight to the executive summary. We had another strong 
quarter with double-digit growth of 11% in constant currency, reported 12%. Strong growth in 
the India business. EBITDA grew 19%. India Beverages up 10% with tea volumes continuing 
growth at 3%. NourishCo had a strong quarter with 60% revenue growth. Foods volumes up 
6%, overall top line up 24%. 
Tata Sampann, another strong quarter growing 51%. International business grew 7% in 
revenue terms, negative 4% actually, if you exclude exclusions, which is primarily South 
Africa and a little bit of Bangladesh. EBIT growth of 11%. Tata Starbucks continued their 
store opening, opened 16 new stores and now they are in 4 more cities. Top line grew 21%. 
India Growth businesses all combined; which is ready-to-drink NourishCo, Soulfull and 
Sampann; grew 58% and from 15% contribution are now up to 20%. 
Volume market share in tea when you look at MAT, it is slightly lower which is 50 bps on 
volume, but broadly stable same quarter last year and we do think it is starting to turn. Tata 
Salt franchise gained share by about 10 bps overall, but because we have taken aggressive 
pricing across the portfolio, some of the lower down brands in the portfolio slipped a slight bit 
of share and total salt share was down by about 20 bps. EBITDA margin expanded by 80 bps 
led by improvement in both, India and International. 
We continue to invest behind our brands with A&P to sales for our India business at 7.1%. Just 
to put it in perspective, it was 6.6% in the same quarter last year. Another busy quarter in terms 
of new launches. We had said our medium-term aspiration was to hit 5%. Now the good and 
bad news is we did in this quarter. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Big numbers from Soulfull where we launched 3 new products; which is Granola, Oats+ and 
the Nutri Drink both for kids and adults. We had already said last quarter that we will split 
routes in all 1 million-plus towns and we will appoint direct distributors in all 50,000 plus 
population areas and substantial number of 20,000 plus and we remain committed to that. We 
had made a commitment of hitting 4 million outlets on numeric reach 3 years back and the 
target was September '23, we are right now at 3.9 million. 
In terms of performance, India Beverages volume 3%, revenue 10%. India Foods volume 6%, 
out of which salt is 5% and revenue 24%. U.S. Coffee and International Tea, just to give you a 
perspective of the rapid price increases and therefore an impact on overall industry and volume 
and therefore U.S. Coffee negative 12% on volume, but constant currency negative 5%. 
Overall revenue 2%. 
Excluding acquisitions, constant currency negative 11% for International Tea and revenue 
growth is flat. Tata Coffee had a decent quarter while volume was negative 6% again with the 
coffee prices having run up; revenue growth was plus 13%. Consolidated revenue growth of 
12%. So overall if you look at it; revenue 12%, EBITDA 19%, PBT 23%, group net 22%, 
group net profit was 16%, EPS growth of 23% and we have INR2,300 crores of cash compared 
to about INR1,900 in the same quarter last year. Strategic priorities, the 6 pillars remain the 
same. 
I already talked about the distribution and our alternate channels, which is modern trade and e-
commerce, continue to fire; 22% growth in modern trade. Just as a perspective, we've grown in 
modern trade at 1.7x the tea category growth in our Top 4 customers. E-commerce up by 28% 
versus last year, continuing to do very well. 
I already mentioned 6.6% to 7.1% is the movement of A&P to sales and we remain committed 
to fueling our brands. I already mentioned the number movement on tea and salt market shares. 
Soulfull, all our new launches which I talked about are on the page. We also launched cold 
coffee albeit in a very measured manner just to make sure that we've got everything right in the 
marketing mix before rolling it out and we've had a very good response. 
We've also launched Tata Spring Alive as affordable mineral water, which will be sourced 
from multiple sources and launched across the country. Right now we're piloting it up north. 
1868 saw a range of flavors and more importantly, it was only loose tea earlier, now we've 
launched pyramid tea bags. We've launched a range of mainline mixes in Tata Sampann, 
expanded into Daliya up north. We had launched Hing in the north, which was off to a good 
start. 
As we've figured -- as we rolled it out, we've figured the South Hing is slightly different, and 
we've tweaked it and now this is again off to a good start and expanded the range with 
international flavors in our Tata Sampann Yumside ready-to-eat portfolio. 58% growth in our 
new engines; which is Sampann, NourishCo, Soulfull and Yumside. As a result of which, 
we've already hit 20% contribution from these businesses to the total India business. Next 
slide. Sustainability remains a focus for us. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
We've already reported our BRSR in our integrated annual report, completed third-party 
verification for our Scope 1 and Scope 2. We were recognized as the Top 5 most sustainable 
companies in BW Businessworld's annual ranking. In terms of macros, tea as you’ll see, 
Kenyan tea is running a bit soft because of subdued demand especially from Pakistan and 
Egypt. 
Indian tea in line with seasonality, prices coming up in Q1, but broadly lower than where they 
were during the same quarter last year. Coffee on the right hand side. While you will see 
Arabica prices moving up, I think they are starting to turn right now so I wouldn’t read too 
much into the coffee upward movement because we are seeing some signs of softening coming 
up given that the prices have run up for a long time. 
Overall while you’ll see growth in all our categories across markets, I would just like to point 
out this is all price related primarily, and not as much volume related. In terms of business, 
India Packaged Beverages volume up 3%, revenue up 2%; and a 4-year CAGR if you look at 
it, we've got a 7% which is broadly what we've been saying about mid to high single-digit 
volume and a couple of points on top of that with price mix. Sorry. Just to point out, coffee 
grew by 21%. So that part of the portfolio seems to be doing well. 
In terms of India Foods; 6% volume growth. Salt grew 5%, Salt revenue grew 18%. Overall 
Foods revenue was up 24%. Marginal movement in market share, which we remain confident 
of continuing to move it up north. NourishCo I think had a good quarter, overall close to 
INR300 crores revenue growing 60%. Gluco+ and Tata Copper+, which are the bulk of the 
volume there, both registering good growths. Tata Coffee, 2% growth in extraction, 31% in 
plantations and overall 11%. 
Profitability has been improved by higher realization as well as lower costs. Tata Starbucks 
opened 16 new stores. Now we are in 75 cities, close to 350 stores. 21% growth on revenue. 
International operations: U.K. revenue growth of 1%. Good news is we're gaining market share 
with improved execution and the relaunch of Tetley, which I'll talk about shortly; sustainable 
packaging, sustainable tea bags and a modern factory is being supported by very good frontline 
execution. 
More importantly, in the U.K., I had alluded to it in the last quarter, we've had severe cost 
restructuring because of which U.K. EBIT is now in the double-digit area. The U.S. Coffee 
revenue growth negative 5%. Tea revenue growth minus 3%. Minor movements on shares, but 
broadly in the same ballpark. Canada: while we continue to maintain market share, overall 
softness in the industry has meant revenue growth of negative 7% overall and specialty 
negative 13%. 
I talked about Tetley's transformation. So we've got a better product with an improved blend. 
We have spent on upgrading the facility and the entire product offering now in the market is 
more sustainable given recyclable box, plant-based tea bags, no plastic outers and a lower 
footprint, which means a lower carbon footprint. Financials, L.K.? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
L Krishnakumar: 
Thanks, Sunil, and good morning, everyone. I'll just walk you through a few slides on the 
financial performance. Starting with our stand-alone performance, you see revenue up by 12% 
and EBITDA growth of more than proportionate 16% with an improving margin. The revenue 
growth has come, 2% that we've seen earlier in tea and 18% in Salt and above 50% growth in 
Sampann. So these are the contributors to growth on the stand-alone results. Moving on to 
consolidated; revenues up by 12%, 11% in constant currency. 
In the consolidated, you have International business which grew 3% including acquisitions and 
also you have the growth of NourishCo and Soulfull, which also grew by over 50% each. The 
nonbranded business had a good quarter, grew by 5% driven largely by price increases. 
Margin, we see an increase of 19% compared to a revenue growth of 12%. Again an 
improvement driven by both the price increases we have taken in different parts of the business 
compared to the same period in the previous year and also strong cost initiatives and 
restructuring especially in the International business. 
So if you move on to the next slide on stand-alone and consolidated, just the shape of the P&L. 
We are seeing revenue up by 12% in the stand-alone accounts, an improvement in EBITDA 
margin from 14.8% to 15.4% and PAT up by 23%. In the consolidated results, we've seen a 
12% growth in revenue and an improvement in EBITDA margin by 0.8%. And if you look at 
the SEBI results, you'll see though material cost is marginally higher, we've optimized fixed 
costs and other expenses. So we're seeing a slightly improved gross margin as well as an 
overall improvement in EBITDA percentage. 
Moving on to PAT, INR359 crores versus INR277 crores, an increase of 30%. Group net profit 
after share of JV and associates lower at 22%. There is a loss compared to a flat number in the 
same period previous year because of a loss in the North India plantation arising out of 
weather conditions, lower crop and an element of lower realization as well. So that's the 
overall performance. 
Moving on to the segment-wise breakup of results. The first observation I want to make is all 
parts of the business have done well. So if you take India Business, segment results up by 
20%. The International level, nonbranded 27%. So overall, all segments have delivered well in 
terms of reported top line as well as profit. The International business profitability has 
improved, as Sunil mentioned, as we restructured takeout cost and U.K. also did well this 
quarter in terms of share gain. 
If you look at the proportion of revenue and EBIT, more or less the same; 75% India business 
in terms of revenue share and a similar number in terms of profit. So International business, 
25% and 26%. Underlying trend of improved EBITDA in the International business mainly 
driven by cost. In the International business, however, I should mention that volumes have 
been soft and there has been an element of small share loss in the coffee business, but we 
expect that we will come back and overall market growth will improve in the coming quarters. 
So that's it from my side. And over to Sunil for the concluding remarks. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So if I were to walk you through, similar to last quarter we continue to see improving demand 
trends for our core categories. Remain cautiously optimistic. While rural has started to come 
back, while the north has started to come back; I'm keeping my fingers crossed because 2 
reasons. A, is still not pre-COVID trends and it's dependent on what happens with the whole 
monsoon/El Nino effects. Global inflation has started to plateau. I think we are more or less 
done with pricing or little bit -- small bits here and there on pricing left to tackle. But category 
demand trends in our key international markets especially on the volume front are going to be 
key monitorables. Q1 '24 we delivered in line with our commitment, double-digit top line with 
EBITDA margin expansion. Interventions we put in our tea business have started yielding 
results, but overall growth is still below our medium-term aspirations. 
As we have said, we expect to see mid to high single-digit volume growth and a couple of 
points on price mix. We're still not there yet. Salt business, just to remind everyone, we took a 
33% price increase in about 15 months. Despite that, we've seen a 5% volume growth which is 
good. But going forward given the fact that there is not going to be too much pricing, I think 
growth is going to be driven by volumes and premiumization. 
Growth businesses have been delivering well up to 20% of our portfolio now. I think the 
standout is NourishCo, which has continued performing despite adverse weather conditions. 
Starbucks: Tata Starbucks recorded a strong quarter and now 348 stores. In the International 
business, pricing actions and structural interventions have led to sequential improvements in 
margin for 3 quarters now. 
Broadly they are in the ballpark of the India business, but we need to continue to improve from 
here. Demand softness needs to be an area to watch. We are in the middle of an NCLT process 
in the final stages. We do expect approvals to come through soon and as soon as that happens, 
we remain committed to completing the integration very quickly hopefully in this financial 
year. EBITDA margins continue to improve despite continuing investments in new business 
and despite powering brands with A&P and spending on distribution expansion. Going 
forward we will continue to stay focused on driving profitable growth, balancing top line and 
margins. Back to you, Nidhi. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Thanks, Sunil. Okay. Moderator, we can go to the Q&A please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on good numbers. My first question is on Tata Soulfull. So versus when you acquired 
and now, what would be the market share movement in the core business? So in the breakfast 
cereals, how is the market share improvement given you would have scaled up much higher 
distribution and much higher advertising? And the new products in Tata Soulfull essentially, if 
you could talk about masala oats, how was the performance this quarter? And what is the 
thought process on Nutri Drink+ and Nutri Drink+ for the adults also? So are you going to 
target the Horlicks market because that has been a very tough category and that faces also the 
milk usage and inflation issue? So will this product be able to overcome that? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Just to give you the investment thesis in Soulfull; strong brand, good products, strong team; 
needed to be fueled with distribution and marketing dollars. I think that thesis has borne out. 
Last year Soulfull doubled in revenue and again this quarter we have had north of I think 50%, 
55% growth. So very strong growth. In terms of market share itself, significant improvements 
from where we started, but I would say we’re in the mid to high single-digit range right now in 
overall cereals category. 
Masala oats actually, we have crossed I think, I would say, strong double-digit market share 
especially in places where we are present. So I would measure say modern trade, we are at a 
very, very decent double-digit market share number. In specific geographies where traditional 
trade has executed, again very, very strong market share numbers. 
We still continue to expand the availability there. Now last point is in many of the categories 
that Soulfull will enter, we will not be category creators just as a perspective. So where there 
are large categories, I can bring a differentiated brand to play and connect with the consumer 
with a great product. There is no reason why I should not. And that's the reason for example 
you'll see Nutri Drink. 
As we speak, I think in the next probably 72 to 96 hours we will be shipping out one more 
category. Every category that Soulfull is entering, we are seeing good traction. More 
importantly, the Soulfull margin is also accretive to our total portfolio. I think they have done a 
very good job on owning the millets branding, the kids portfolio doing very well, all new 
launches. So far so good. I think we're on a good track. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Right. Just one small follow-up there. You grew 2x last year and this year also 50% growth in 
Soulfull. So wanted to understand here lot of the growth will be coming because of so much of 
diversification also and initially of course the pipeline filling is there for the new products. So 
you're saying the core business is also doing quite well, right? Because the mid to high single-
digit market share, that seems to be a bit lower versus the kind of expansion you have done? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So absolutely, Abneesh. I mean just like our overall business, our core has to do very well and 
then the expansions have to fire, right? So the whole equity of Soulfull has been built on 
breakfast cereals and we are moving out from there. Just like the TCPL algorithm is built on 
decent volume, strong categories, market share growth in tea and salt and that is helping us 
drive the rest of the portfolio. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on Growth business. So extremely impressive performance so 
now it's 20% of the India business. My question was when I see your broader gross margin and 
EBITDA margin profile, it's around 43% gross margin, EBITDA margin 15%. But when I see 
your market share for example in Soulfull say high single digit, it is not a market share which 
can make lot of money at the EBITDA front. So wanted to understand here how you're seeing 
this entire 20% of the India portfolio in terms of profitability metrics. Is there a good 
movement or still because new products are getting launched, at an overall this 20% level the 
EBITDA margins, etcetera, may not have had a significant improvement versus say 3 years 
back? 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Abneesh, just as a perspective. The way we measure -- and there's a reason they’re called 
growth businesses because we do think they've got a long runway. Just as a perspective today 
my business is highly tea and salt in India and we moved from almost single digit to about 
20% right now. Just as a perspective, that 20% is also dependent on seasonality because 
NourishCo remember fires very well in summer and that's one of the reasons why it has hit 
20% from 15% where it was same quarter last year. 
But you're absolutely right, the margin profile on some of the Growth businesses is not where 
it needs to be. That said, it will improve with scale and as we fine-tune our entire offering 
there. What we do measure is a) growth rate; b) the fact that the growth rate is getting fueled 
by the right amount of A&P and distribution; and lastly, the contributory margin has to 
continue to improve because essentially the thesis is that these are; for example Soulfull, 
Sampann; these are riding on my base logistics and S&D platforms and there is not 
incremental fixed cost that we are incurring out there. So as long as the contribution margin 
moves in the right direction, I am adding incrementality to the business. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, last, very quick question. We have seen in some of the other categories where sharp 
deflation has happened, for example coconut hair oil or say detergent, there is a level of 
pipeline -- the inventory destocking because trade is expecting more of the price cuts. In salt, is 
there a price cut which you have taken and would you see that there will be a requirement of 
price cuts there? Because you are still saying that the price hike will not happen, but you have 
not spoken on the price cut. And second, of course will be on the market share loss at the lower 
end, would you be worried because in  tea we have seen earlier and we have also seen 
wherever sharp price hike happened and then deflation happened, regional players are coming 
back. 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Abneesh, the good and bad news is last year when everyone was facing inflation especially 
for businesses which were exposed to palm oil, crude, wheat or sunflower; we were not. In fact 
our tea prices were on a reverse trend. And therefore, we did not have as much of a price uplift 
in our portfolio. Right now what we are seeing is broadly flat to slightly marginal downtrend 
on tea. I would say right now we are braced for a flattish versus last year's sort of number, 
maybe slightly below, but that depends on how weather plays out especially in the north. 
On salt itself, we would have expected the total cost to come down a bit because it's made up 
of 2 things: a, is imported coal, therefore coal, imported coal and the dollar prices and it is 
brine, which is sourced locally. Now dollar is stable, coal has come down a bit; but the catch is 
brine has seen a little bit of uptick given the recent cyclone which has happened in Gujarat. 
So broadly it is flattish, all these numbers put together. So we are not seeing cost movements 
and therefore we do not see price cuts happening for now and the reason I'm emphasizing for 
now is because tea prices we had thought will come down. We had not expected this heat wave 
in the north in April and May, which held up the tea prices. But if all things remain constant, 
tea we would start to see it coming down, which we have not till now, okay? 
And therefore, broadly we are playing in a flat cost environment and therefore no price cut 
anticipated. On the salt question itself, I wouldn't be too worried simply because I know I've 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
taken a 33% price increase. The local players, which play even at a lower quality, there might 
have been a bit of swing. But I do think I have the ability to recover it very quickly once prices 
stabilize, which is what we are seeing now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Roy, may I request to join the queue for any follow-ups. The next question is 
from the line of Namant Satiya from Mirae Asset. 
Namant Satiya: 
My first question is on the NourishCo business so that's almost INR300 crores this quarter. 
Can you discuss what's driving this growth and the kind of scale you expect for this business 2 
to 3 years down the line? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Namant, essentially again the hypothesis in the NourishCo business was that great 
differentiated products, which could be scaled up significantly both with geographic expansion 
and portfolio expansion. So both geography and portfolio expansion is at play. I would say we 
are broadly in about 75%, 80% of the country in terms of production right now. Again 
hypothesis being that we will not drive more than 150 kilometers, 200 kilometers with these 
products because we play at affordable price points and therefore, freight is a very, very 
significant factor. 
We have expanded portfolio. We have expanded into jelly for Gluco+, juice and jelly in PET. 
We have expanded into -- just like I said, we're expanding our mineral water play. Himalayan 
distribution and execution is off to a good start. Right now where we closed last year at 
INR300 crores -- sorry, INR600 crores, the target for this year is to hit a 4-digit number. 
Namant Satiya: 
And sir, could you talk about a few years down the line what kind of scale you expect in this 
business? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
We do expect to see continued strong momentum in NourishCo, again I will say driven by 
geography and portfolio. 
Namant Satiya: 
Sure. Sir, and my second question slightly I just wanted to understand the quick commerce 
channel a little better and wanted to hear your thoughts on this channel. So do you see this 
channel becoming sizable a few years down the line and what's the contribution this has to our 
business currently? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
See, I am not a forecaster. All I can say is a lot of these trends you can see going up and down. 
Just like many people who were very, very bullish on the online space during COVID times 
and you can see lot of brands/businesses fading off in that space. All I can say is on a long-
term basis consumers will move to convenience, consumers will move online and therefore, 
we remain committed to growing our total e-commerce business. 
Now in that total e-commerce business, quick commerce has been on the upswing I would say 
in the last 6 to 12 months so to speak and we do see that building up. Now ultimately again the 
cost economics ultimately has to be working for those channel specifics so that they can 
sustain and continue to grow. I wouldn't pass judgment on that piece. As long as the businesses 
continue to deliver their promise to consumers of quick without a significant upcharge on the 
product itself, I think they've got a good proposition and we remain committed to that. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
We are seeing strong growth in our e-commerce, I think 28% is what I alluded to. All I will 
say is quick commerce is growing stronger than the average and we remain committed to 
making sure that we continue to grow that. Incidentally, on the online space in the tea business, 
we are the market leaders. 
Namant Satiya: 
Sir, that's helpful. Just 1 follow-up. So how would the trade terms in quick commerce versus 
overall e-com or modern trade? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I would say we are competitive and that's why they make sure that we are well positioned in 
that channel. 
Namant Satiya: 
But the usual credit and slightly higher margin that's offered to MT and e-com, this is largely 
the understanding for quick commerce as well, just that bit. 
Sunil D’Souza: 
I would say we are competitive in the channel in all trading terms, including discounts and 
credit, and that's why we continue to power ahead. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Satiya, please join the queue for any follow-up as we have several participants waiting for 
their turn. The next question is from the line of Jitendra Arora from ICICI Prudential Life. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Just one quick question on NourishCo. That's a brand where we have also expanded our 
distribution reach significantly over last couple of years. So just wanted to understand from 
you that going forward in terms of growth mix, how do you see that being driven by 
distribution versus the product introduction/innovation? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So like I said, we're in about 80% of the country right now. We are still not present in large 
swathes of geography and large urban cities for example, right? We are still yet to build up 
distribution completely in Bombay, in Bangalore or Delhi. I mean we are picking and choosing 
where we want to play where we can get the fastest dime for the buck if I may speak so. But 
you're absolutely right. We still got a long way to go on distribution. But I would say in the 
near to medium term, we will complete the distribution gap and then it will be a game of 2 
things: a, is building out strength in the outlets per se and expanding portfolio. On both these 
things, we've got a healthy pipeline lined up and therefore, we remain confident of continuing 
to deliver strong numbers in NourishCo. 
Jitendra Arora: 
So given that we are likely to hit 4 digit this year, sir, as expected or that's the aspiration; when 
do we expect to double this? In how many years do we expect to double this thereafter? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So all I can leave you with even with these strong numbers, if you look at my market share just 
for example in the water category, we have not even hit mid-single digits. So we've got a long, 
long runway. And I just say that we remain very confident of delivering strong numbers in this 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
A couple of questions from my side. Sir, if we see both the top players in tea segment have 
delivered or indicated low single-digit growth versus category growth that you have shared of 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
7.9%. So are the regional players making a strong comeback? And with the kind of deep and 
regional portfolio that we have also created, why are we kind of not participating that 
aggressively as we would have expected? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Tejash, I would presume the 7.9% you're referring to is the Nielsen growth number which 
was quoted. I just urge to remember 2 or 3 things about that. a) iis Nielsen measures offtake 
from retail. But when we declare our numbers, it is primary sales from us. You have to 
remember after the primary sales from us; there is distributor inventory, then there is retailer 
inventory and then there is consumer offtake, right? So I would not do a like-to-like period 
comparison. That's number one. Number two, you have to also realize Nielsen does a sampling 
based indicator. So I use Nielsen more from a trend rather than absolute numbers. While 
market share I would absolutely measure absolute numbers from Nielsen, but overall most of 
the other numbers are directionally what I would pick up. 
Number three, to your answer your question, there is a point below which the gross margins 
that you play with become very, very, I would say razor thin and dangerous to tread and 
especially in systems like ours where we hold inventory for some time whereas the loose and 
local players buy, pack, sell. Right? There is no inventory cover, etcetera. Therefore, it is a 
slightly dangerous territory to tread on on those very, very low margin segments. 
That said, just as a perspective, I think even in our report we have disclosed saying that Tata 
Agni, which plays at the bottom of our portfolio, has started to see strong growth. So in any 
business, I think walking the balance between margin and market share is a critical piece 
knowing when to trade off for what. If all things come together, then it's the magic of margin 
increasing and market share increasing. But quite a lot of the times, you've got to decide what 
you're going to trade off. But over the longer term, I would say you should see market share 
inching up continuously. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shah, is your question answered? 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, so second question pertains to NourishCo and then you have always maintained that you 
prefer to solve growth and profit problem statement together and not separately. Now the kind 
of growth that we're seeing here, how should we think about margin trajectory in medium term 
and at what scale, let's assume 2x or 3x from here, margins will start converging with the 
company level margins? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Tejash, just like I said, I look at the contribution margins first and then how does it flow 
through the total line. NourishCo is broadly in the ballpark of what we are on the contribution 
margin, gross margin as we measure from a company perspective. Incidentally even on the 
total all-in loaded P&L, if I were to do a hypothesis, last quarter was good. So directionally as 
long as contribution margin is inching up, fixed costs remaining the same, P&Ls are 
continuing to move up and therefore become EBITDA accretive. That's the way I would play 
it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, can you talk about the region-wise penetration of NourishCo, where we are lagging, where 
we are going to have a more expansion in which region? And also how is the profitability 
scenario in next couple of years considering we are going to have a scale? As per my 
understanding, currently we have a higher single-digit margin in NourishCo. So when we can 
reach a double-digit margin? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Sumant, NourishCo we started off when we inherited; it was primarily Andhra, Telangana, 
Orissa and a little bit of Tamil Nadu. I would say right now we've built a very strong footprint 
in those geographies and last year we had expanded or end of year before we had expanded to 
the east per se where we are still building out. Last year we started moving to the north and 
this year now we are slowly coming to the west and the rest of the south. That's where we are 
and that's why I said in footprint terms, we are probably around 75%, 80% of the geography, 
but we would have built out strongly in about 25%, 30%. 
We would be still building out in 25%, 30% in about 25% we would be starting off having put 
in the manufacturing and distribution in place. Now I'm not sure when you refer to single-digit 
margin. As I said, the contributory margin, gross margin level as we measure, we are in the 
ballpark of total TCPL. Last quarter was a good quarter, but you have to remember, NourishCo 
is a seasonal business. We do expect them coming close to profitability on a fully loaded P&L 
by the end of this year. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. So can you talk about the Tier 2, Tier 3 category cities penetration of NourishCo and 
how are we planning to penetrate more in these cities? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So as I said, as we've expanded, we have left out large part of metro geographies, etcetera, 
because that is normally the more expensive distribution to tackle and more difficult 
distribution to tackle because everyone is playing there, Our hypothesis is we will not drive for 
more than 150 kilometers, 200 kilometers with our products because that is when freight 
comes into play. So we have focused on very, very specific radiuses around the factories that 
we have put in. I would say I don't think we are targeting a Tier 2, Tier 3 sort of mix per se. 
We are targeting very specific geographies around the plants that we have set up, which are in 
line with the total footprint road map that we had drawn up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Again I also want to ask on NourishCo. So my understanding is that Bisleri, which is the 
largest player in this field, makes EBITDA margin somewhere in the low to mid-teens. They 
have their own manufacturing also. We don't. So if we are paying conversion charges, our 
margins would probably settle around that 10%, 11% kind of mark. What is wrong in my 
thought process here? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So essentially not all of Bisleri's manufacturing is owned. They operate through a significant 
amount of franchisees and independent distributors per se. That's number one. Number two, 
we are not only Tata Copper+. We are also Tata Gluco+, which is significantly higher margin 
and product that we -- and we are also Himalayan and we are launching products, which are 
significantly higher revenue, higher gross margin percentage and higher absolute gross 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
margins per se. Number three, I would prefer to run with the route that we have chosen, which 
is franchisee producer -- or not franchise, co-manufacturers and distributors because then it is 
almost an infinite ROCE, right? And beyond a point, I do think we can get to a very, very 
decent EBITDA percentage, which is in the ballpark of where TCPL is today. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. That's very helpful. I also wanted to ask regarding the spices business. So between the 
pulses and the spices business, I find the spices business more attractive because it's a set 
business model with many players where many of them made close to a 20% EBITDA margin 
compared to pulses where we are actually experimenting the business model. So just wanted to 
understand where you are going more aggressive between pulses and spices and why don't we 
see -- I mean correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm not seeing that kind of aggression in terms of 
spices from your side, which is actually a more attractive business in my view? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Percy, I have to make sure that my team demonstrates that we are showing higher 
aggression. But just as a perspective, it is not an ‘or’ game; it is an ‘and’ game that we're 
playing. So we are focusing both on spices as well as pulses. But there are some significant 
differences when you look -- I mean from a margin perspective, from an outside-in perspective 
when you look at the numbers, you're absolutely right. The EBITDA margins in spices are 
significantly higher than pulses. 
But you have to also remember that there is a difference because pulses, we are the only 
national player offering products of quality consistently to consumers at a very decent price 
and that's why they are off on a very good wicket and we're seeing good growth there. The 
spices category is a very, very, very sticky category. While pures make a lower margin, blends 
make a higher margin, but blends are more sticky. Therefore, it takes time to move consumer 
habits. 
I use it because my grandmother used it and my mother used it and therefore, I will use it. The 
frequency of usage -- frequency of purchase of blends is significantly lower than pures and 
that's why you'll also see in my spices business, my pures contribution is higher than compared 
to the market because pures it is easier to bring in the consumer than blends. But that's not to 
say that we are not focused on spices. Just for example last year we decided to enter the south.  
We had not tweaked our blends to play in the south or our products to play in the south. But 
whether it is pures or blends, south requires a different tweak. Just as a perspective with 
continuing Hing for example, we went in the north, we found a good traction; but when we 
went to the south again, we found that the south Hing is slightly different to the north. We've 
tweaked it and now we are going behind it. So again I repeat it's an ‘and’ not an ‘or’ game, but 
these are 2 different playing fields, if you may. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sure. And lastly, on tea business margins, would we be right in assuming that the India tea 
business margins in FY '24 at an EBITDA level should be roughly the same as what you did in 
FY '23? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Percy, I think the big thing here is how do tea prices move and our ability to take that tea 
price to customers. Like I said, we had expected the tea crop in India in June quarter to be 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
better than last year, but unfortunately in Assam, the heat wave I think played a bit of a spoiler 
and therefore while prices have moved down, they have not moved down as quickly. Now if 
the trend continues, we do see a little bit of margin expansion happening on tea. But again I 
would take it probably not one month, one quarter at a time when moving this. Broadly tea 
margins have come back to the ballpark, but they're still not where they should be. I think there 
is a little bit of opportunity out there, but I would take it one quarter at a time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was on the pulses business. So there is a possibility of high inflation this year 
in pulses is what we hear. How are you placed for this? Typically in the past cycles like in 
other categories, do you end up gaining market share or having very high revenue growth with 
good volume growth when you get into these kind of high inflation years? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So the good news is that we had very clearly focused on building a strong procurement engine 
for ourselves on the non-tea commodity so to speak. And over the last about 12 months, I think 
we have started to get a few things right whether it is the upcycle or the downcycle which is 
happening in these commodities. And therefore, I see no reason to worry about. As commodity 
prices go up so will we take up prices and when they go down, we will also correct it. Overall 
margins, again the way we measure gross margins, contribution margins; they have gone up 
for Sampann overall and we are spending money behind brand building for Sampann which 
we had not for the past few years. So we do expect volume and revenue growth to happen. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay. My second question, Sunil, was on NourishCo's business model. Essentially that in most 
consumer businesses, you have a gross margin when you're building it up and then you have 
high ad spends, which there is operating leverage on. But just wanted to understand in 
NourishCo, is the advertising spend angle much lesser and it's more of feet on street and 
incremental distribution that you have to build, in which case that variable cost will continue to 
go up as you ramp up the distribution? That's the first part. And the second part was within the 
geographies you are present, what would be your like distribution versus, let's say, the market's 
distribution of water or other beverages? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So overall in the beverage business, availability matters first and then it is -- physical 
availability is first and mental availability is second and therefore the focus is on building 
distribution. But that said, after a point in time you do have to build your brand very strongly 
and we started doing it this year. This year for Gluco+ for example, we did our first national 
campaign. We have never advertised nationally. This year we did that and I do think the 
INR300 crores partly is a result of that, number one. 
Number two, as we expand both manufacturing and distribution, the costs are all variable and 
therefore they will go up and down as the volume goes up and down. So that I wouldn't be too 
worried about. In terms of distribution per se, as I mentioned earlier, we've got a long, long, 
long way to go. Because as I said, I would say Copper+ is roughly probably maybe 35%, 40% 
of my portfolio out of the INR600 crores that we did last year. 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
But despite that, we have still not hit mid single-digit market share. And in outlets where we 
are present, outlets specifically our share among handlers is quite strong. So we've got still a 
long way to go to build distribution and therefore market share and therefore total business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Sunil, my first question was with respect to the incessant rains that are happening in most parts 
of the country. Are we impacted in any way with respect to our supply chain? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So the incessant rains you would hear about I think in specific parts of the north per se. Other 
than that, I don't think there has been significant disruption in terms of logistics, etcetera. 
Again when I talk about Delhi, with all due respect I think it's a few parts of Delhi which are 
making headlines. It's not across the city of Delhi. Yes, there are some issues specifically in 
Himachal, etcetera; but those are not as significant parts of my portfolio. So yes, there have 
been those sporadic issues, but nothing that I would call out in terms of disruption. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And my second question was with respect to the number you provide on the 
innovation side. It's very interesting to see how the share continues to rise. Just wanted a 
clarification. When you say 5% of the sales, if you could just share how this number could 
look like when we just look at the India Branded business, what the share would be? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So effectively when I say innovation to sales, we take products which have been launched in 
the last 3 years. Again when I say product, changing of packaging, new graphics, new brand 
architecture, etcetera, doesn't qualify. It has to be distinctly new products per se or products 
which have been tweaked substantially. That's the number. When I do a benchmark with 
Indian food and beverage companies overall, about 4% to 5% puts us in the top quartile and 
that's why we had set a long-term target -- medium to long-term target of hitting 5%. It's good 
that we hit 5% in the first quarter. I would say I'm just keeping my fingers crossed that we 
continue at this level going forward. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. Understood. Third was with respect to the new innovation on water side on NourishCo. 
Just wanted to understand where you have mentioned that we want to be competitive here. But 
when I look at the price point with respect to this introduction, it seems to be more closer to 
Himalayan than to Tata Copper. So what's the plan here in terms of driving growth? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
Absolutely. So let me put it this way. There are 2 distinct segments in water. One is bottled 
water, which is where Tata Copper+ plays. There is Bisleri, there is Kinley, there is Aquafina. 
And then there is mineral water, which is where Himalayan plays and market share of 
Himalayan in that is significantly high. Now the catch is there is a significant difference in 
pricing between Tata Copper and Himalayan because Tata Copper is produced locally with 
water sourced locally whereas Himalayan is bottled at source in our Paonta Sahib plant. 
Now the thing is we want to premiumize our play and play at the higher end. So the reason we 
are constrained with Himalayan because we have to source from our Himalayan mineral water 
and for example even to sell it to Chennai, I have to drive it all the way from the Himalayas to 
Chennai. The idea in launching a slightly affordable play of mineral water is it is not tied off to 
a source. It is mineral water bottled at source, but it is not tied to a source and therefore we will 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
be looking at bottling this at different mineral water sources across the country. Right now it's 
a pilot being run up north to see how much incrementality does it get for us in volume terms 
beyond Himalayan. Once we read it perfectly, then we will be looking at expansion. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And 1 final question if I may ask, please, and I'll borrow your own comment 
which you made earlier, which is to do with changing habit is a difficult thing. I just want to 
pick your brains on the thought of how we're going to drive the change with respect to the 
Nutri Drink which we have introduced because again there's a habit change which is required. 
If I have consumed as a child a particular drink, that's the thing I will pass on to my own child. 
So just want to hear from you is there a strategy in mind in terms of how we are going to drive 
this? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So if you look at it, I mean we are driving a consumer proposition under Tata Soulfull, which 
is health, nutrition with all the goodness of millets and all the products that you will see are 
being driven around that. And therefore, from a consumer communication perspective, any 
advertisement of Soulfull will have a reflection on the entire product portfolio. That's number 
one. Number two, again as I said earlier, my main game in Soulfull is breakfast cereals and 
rest of them are adjacencies in the portfolio. 
So am I looking for phenomenal market share or to drive up significant size in any of the 
categories? No. I do know there are adjacent categories, which are of decent size where I can 
leverage the Soulfull portfolio and make a pretty package without spending too much. That's 
the whole idea of expansion out there. Will I get to a 25%, 30% market share in the cereal, 
drinks portfolio? No, I don't think that's the ambition. But even with a mid single-digit market 
share, I think we'll make good money because we are spending on the Soulfull platform and 
the Soulfull brand. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Moderator, since we are running out of time, we'll just take one more question from the queue 
and then we'll go to webcast. And we are extending by another 5, 10 minutes if that's okay. 
Moderator: 
We'll move to our next question that is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jay Doshi: 
Sunil, the Growth business which is now about 20% of your India Branded business, how 
should we think about profitability of this business given that you'll be continuing adding new 
products, categories and innovations in this space? Will it improve 100 basis points, 200 basis 
points every year from where it is today or how should we think from a 3-year viewpoint? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So number one is on a year-on-year basis, these businesses while they are there for top line 
growth, have to also improve their contribution margins, but definitely the total fully loaded 
P&Ls also, right? Whether it is Sampann or whether it is NourishCo, we have seen very 
clearly contribution/gross margins improving as we gather scale. And therefore, the total 
bottom line in those businesses as long as I increase advertising marginally compared to where 
I am today because there is no other fixed cost getting added as significantly to my profile. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. And everything other than tea and salt going forward will be kind of classified as 
Growth businesses, this bucket. Should we think of your India business as tea growing at a 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
certain rate, salt growing at a certain rate? Both these are mature categories and then 
everything else is Growth business? It should grow maybe 25%, 30%, 35% levels, right? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
No, absolutely so that's what we said. Tea and salt, both broadly it will be mid to high single-
digit volume growth, little bit of percentage on top of that with price mix. But the big, big top 
line growth drivers will continue to be the Growth businesses. As of now, we've classified 4 
businesses there; which is NourishCo, Soulfull, Sampann, and Tata Yumside; and these 
businesses have both a distribution highway as well as a product portfolio highway to play in. 
And at the same time as we get scale, they will continue to improve their contribution margins. 
Nidhi Verma: 
So we'll go to the webcast to take a few questions. There is a question from Bauva. The 
question is what synergies do we expect from integration of Tata Coffee? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
L. K., do you want to take that? 
L Krishnakumar: 
Yes. So there are 3 areas which will get impacted, right? First is we are integrating the 
extraction business so that will give us opportunities to serve customers better and hopefully 
grow the business faster than would otherwise be the case. There will be cost savings because 
of scale and saving on admin costs. And third is this integration will help us to consolidate all 
minority interest under the parent entity, which will free up opportunity to restructure some of 
our entities outside India. So net-net, the guidance we have given is when we started about a 
year back, we said that we will have a 5% to 10% positive impact on EPS going forward. So 
we're staying with that and we expect the exercise the first part to be completed this year and 
the international end to be completed either towards end of the year or going into next year. 
Nidhi Verma: 
The next question is from Bharat Sheth at Quest. Sunil, he's asking what is our thought process 
on inorganic growth? What are the underlying criteria for any application? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So I think we've articulated this very, very clearly. Tata Consumer will grow both organically 
and inorganically. We have very clearly identified the areas for inorganic growth and those 
would be simply because they bring a scale, they bring a profitability, they bring a brand, they 
bring a team, they bring a technology in spaces which will take us too long to build. And we've 
distilled the entire food and beverage space and sort of narrowed down the segments basis 
gross margin, competitive plays, what R&D can we bring to bear, does it work in our 
distribution system, do we have the marketing chops to make a difference out there. 
So we've narrowed that down and then we've laid down very, very clear financial guardrails 
within which we should operate. So yes, we've been evaluating lot of opportunities per se. But 
if it doesn't fit strategic or financial parameters, then I would give it a pass. And the only thing 
I would like to highlight is I think in the inorganic space while we can put out an intent, I do 
not think it is right to put out a target because we are not chasing a top line through 
acquisitions. We are making sure that we are doing the right acquisitions to create 
shareholders' value. 
Nidhi Verma: 
And perhaps the last question we'll take which is from Tejash at Avendus Spark again. He's 
asking we are right on track to achieving our distribution footprint target. Would you prefer to 

 
Tata Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
consolidate here for a while or the aggressive expansion will continue? If yes, then would it be 
possible to share the new target? 
Sunil D’Souza: 
So Tejash, I would say we will continue both our width and depth focus in distribution. And 
the reason I say this is for example when we are looking at split routes in the 1 million plus, it 
is width in the outlet that we are looking at -- sorry, depth in the outlet that we are looking at. 
And when I'm going down the pop strata going to 50,000 pop strata towns and 20,000 pop 
strata towns, it is width that I'm looking at. 
I think there is still a long, long way to go before I say we are up there with the leaders in the 
industry. Even in the food and beverage space if you look at it, people are at 5 million sort of 
numeric reach -- 5 million, 6 million numeric reach. There are, I mean your guess versus mine, 
8 million to 9 million kiranas across the country. So yes, direct distribution at a point in time 
we will slow down and I think we will add, but not as aggressively. 
And the focus will start moving the throughput through the wholesale multiplier, which is what 
we are just beginning to start up. But I think TCPL as a company, we have to continue to 
power our growth as I keep saying through distribution, innovation and marketing and deliver 
top notch financial results. So that's what we will continue to be focused on. 
Nidhi Verma: 
Okay. I think we've run out of time. There might still be questions though so you can get in 
touch with us if you have any questions. With that, I would like to thank everyone on behalf of 
the management for joining us today. Over to you, moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes 
today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
