 
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for audited financial results for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2023 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on Tuesday, May 16, 2023. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/9q2consfilejvl-q4fy23-earnings-call-transcript.pdf 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2023.05.22 
16:08:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
1. Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia, Chairman  
2. Mr. Hari S. Bhartia, Co-Chairman 
3. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group Chief Financial Officer & Whole-time Director 
4. Mr. Rajesh Kr Srivastava, CEO & Managing Director  
5. Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht President & Chief Financial Officer 
6. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Director Investor Relations  
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Harsh Shah – Dimensional Securities 
2. Naushad Chaudhary – Aditya Birla 
3. Siddharth Gadekar – Equirus Capital 
4. Jainis Chheda – Spark Investment Advisors 
5. Rohit Sinha – Sunidhi Securities 
6. Nitesh Dhoot – Prabhudas Lilladher 
7. Dhruv Muchhal – HDFC Mutual Fund 
8. Rahul Veera – Abakkus Asset Managers 
9. Tarang Agarwal – Old Bridge Capital 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2023. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may enter star and one on their touch tone phone. 
To remove yourself from the question queue you may enter star and two. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Director, Investor 
Relations, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our Q4 
and FY2023 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I would like to 
remind you that some of the statements made on the call today could be forward-
looking in nature, and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the 
press release and results presentation that has been shared on our website.  
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-
Chairman; Mr. Rajesh Srivastava, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. Prakash Bisht, 
CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited and Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant 
Bhartia Group.  
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
Q4 and Financial Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
We are happy to announce that during the year, FY23, our Specialty Chemicals 
business grew 29%, Chemical Intermediate business placed highest ever volume 
of Acetic Anhydride and gained higher market share globally. However, Nutrition 
business has faced headwinds for Niacinamide, leading to lower volume as well as 
lower price realization. EBITDA in FY23 was lower mainly on account of higher 
energy prices and challenging market situation of Niacinamide business.  
During the quarter, though our Specialty Chemicals business recorded a higher 
revenue and Chemical Intermediate business have placed higher volumes of acetic 
anhydride year-on-year. However, overall revenue was lower due to price of 
Acetic Acid leading to lower price of Acetic Anhydride and headwinds we continue 
to face in Niacinamide business. Though EBITDA during the quarter for Chemical 
Intermediates business improved year-on-year. However, overall EBITDA 
performance impacted due to challenging market situation of Niacinamide and 
some of our Specialty products meant for agrochemical customers. 
We firmly believe that challenges faced in Niacinamide business in some of the 
products in our Specialty Chemical made for agrochemicals are of short-term 
nature, and business is confident to regain volumes, revenue and profitability as 
market situation improves. Our endeavours towards growth plan remains 
undeterred through our structured growth capex, and we are confident that 
driving robust growth in future. This growth was led primarily through our 
Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition Business segment.  
We are also glad to share that the Board has recommended a final dividend of 
250%, that is INR2.5 per equity share of the face value of INR1 each for FY23. This 
shall result in a cash outflow of INR39.8 crore. During the year, company has 
already declared an interim dividend of 250%, that is INR2.5 per equity share of 
INR1 each and the total dividend for FY23 works out to the 500%. That is INR5 per 
equity share of INR1 each amounting to INR79.6 crore of cash outflow.  
With this now, I hand over to Rajesh to discuss about the business in detail. 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. Very good evening to all of you. At the outset, let me 
welcome you all for joining us today for Q4 and FY23 investor call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited. I sincerely hope that you and your loved ones are keeping very 
well. Let me now take you through the financial and operational performance of 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited for the fourth quarter and financial year 2023. 
For FY23, our revenue was lower over last year mainly due to lower price of Acetic 
Acid, leading to lower price realization of both Acetic Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate 
and due to headwinds we faced in Niacinamide business. While our Specialty 
Chemical business revenue maintained healthy growth of 29%, we have also been 
successful to improve our market share of Acetic Anhydride by placing 
significantly higher volume over last year. 
Overall, in FY23, our EBITDA was lower, mainly due to high energy costs, including 
coal prices, lower performance of Niacinamide and normalization of as Acetic 
Anhydride market situation as compared to last year. Revenue during the quarter 
was lower on year-on-year basis due to lower price of Acetic Acid, leading to 
lower sales price realization of Acetic Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate and lower 
demand of niacinamide leading to lower volume as well as lower price realization. 
EBITDA during the quarter was down on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to lower 
performance of Niacinamide and the headwind faced in Specialty Chemical 
business, mainly from agrochemical customers. However, Chemical Intermediates 
segment EBITDA improved on a year-on-year basis due to better price realization 
of Acetic Anhydride. 
We have started witnessing improvement in demand of Niacinamide, while we 
expect improvement in demand of agrochemical customer to normalize by end of 
Q2 FY24. On the energy cost front, we have arrested the increase in cost to a 
great extent, supported by lower coal prices as well as improving operational 
efficiencies both in generation as well as in consumption. Further, our plans to 
reduce overall energy cost by sourcing power at Gajraula from grid, which will 
start by end of Q2 and from renewable sources which will materialize during next 
financial year are on track. 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Now let me take you through the updates on all our 3 business segments:  
Specialty Chemicals: Our Specialty Chemicals business during FY23 has recorded 
revenue growth of 29% over last year, mainly due to higher volume sales of both 
existing as well as new products. However, EBITDA for the year was lower over 
last year, mainly due to higher energy costs during the year and lower demand of 
agrochemical customer during H2.  
During the quarter, revenue of Specialty Chemical was lower year-on-year basis, 
and EBITDA for the quarter was lower year-on-year basis, mainly due to lower 
demand from agrochemical customers, leading to significant drop in price 
realization of some of our products meant for agrochemical end use. We continue 
to see positive traction in demand of our CDMO products. In view of this during 
construction of our new GMP facility we have taken a conscious decision to 
upgrade the capacity, which though have delayed our GMP plant, however, will 
benefit us in longer term. We have commissioned both our cGMP plant in Bharuch 
and non-GMP plant in Gajraula now.  
Our new cGMP multipurpose plant in Bharuch will help us to facilitate our global 
pharmaceutical clients, new drug development program and will position Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited as a leading partner of choice to innovators within regulated 
markets. Our multipurpose non-GMP plant at Gajraula will further aid us to 
structurally shift more towards value-added Specialty Chemical business. This 
multipurpose product facility has been engineered to handle multistep complex 
chemistries and will expand company's forehand to value-added derivatives of 
both pyridine and non-pyridine based products. 
Nutrition & Health Solutions: Our Nutrition business has recorded 28% lower 
revenue during FY '23 over last year and EBITDA was impacted significantly mainly 
due to severe headwinds we have faced during the year due to avian and swine 
flu in U.S. and EU regions, leading to lower volume and significant price erosion of 
Niacinamide. During the quarter, revenue of Nutrition business were also lower 
year-on-year. However, sequentially, volume has started improving, while price 
remained under stress during the quarter. Business has started witnessing the 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
improvement in demand as well as improvement in price of Niacinamide in the 
present quarter. 
As mentioned by Mr. Bhartia, we firmly believe that the challenges faced in this 
segment are of short-term in nature and business is confident to regain volumes 
and revenue and profitability, along with improvement in market situation. Our 
efforts towards increasing our presence of Niacinamide in food and cosmetic end 
use segment is yielding positive results. And in view of this, we have approved the 
capex to build new cGMP-compliant facility which will produce about 3,000 tons 
per annum cosmetic grade of Niacinamide. 
This capacity will be ready during the quarter April to June 2024. In addition, our 
development work on bringing up new cGMP-compliant facility for food grade 
Vitamin B4 is going on track. We expect to approve this capex sometime during 
July to September quarter this year. Both the above initiatives will reduce our high 
dependency on global feed market and will provide consistency to our Nutrition 
business. 
Chemical Intermediates: Our Chemical Intermediates business has recorded 
lower revenue during FY23 over last year, mainly due to lower prices of Acetic 
Acid, leading to lower price realization of Acetic Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate. We 
continue enhancing our market share of acetic anhydride both in domestic as well 
as international markets. Chemical Intermediates business EBITDA for FY23 was 
lower than last year, mainly due to normalization of prices which was better 
during last year due to better market situation of Acetic Anhydride. During the 
quarter, revenue of Chemical Intermediate was lower year-on-year basis, mainly 
driven by lower price of Acetic Acid leading to lower price realization of finished 
products. 
EBITDA during the quarter was higher on year-on-year basis due to higher 
volumes. Overall outlook of Acetic Anhydride market appears to be stable, with 
global demand continues to grow in several end-use segments. During the 
quarter, we have been successful in bringing new customers for Acetic Anhydride, 
mainly in Europe region, which will ensure good utilization of newly added 

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
capacity of Acetic Anhydride. We would continue rationalizing our sales Ethyl 
Acetate and Specialty Ethanol to niche customers only to optimize our margins. 
Other financial details: The company was under the old tax regime during FY23, 
and the ETR is 29.6%. Net debt was at 31st March was INR312 crore and net debt-
to-EBITDA ratio was at 0.54x on the basis of trailing 12 months EBITDA. The net 
working capital percentage and number of days of working capital for Q4 FY23 on 
the basis of our trailing 12 months turnover were at 17% and 62 days, 
respectively. The capital expenditure during quarter was INR146 crore and for 
FY23 was approximately INR481 crore. 
Outlook and growth capex plan: The Specialty Chemical business, though we 
expect short-term impact in demand from agrochemical customers for some of 
our Specialty Chemical products, and we expect demand to normalize during H2 
this year. Our Niacinamide business is already witnessing improvement in global 
demand. And accordingly, we see price is also moving up. Our new capex plan is 
going on track, and we continue to focus on improving our revenue mix from 
Specialty and Nutrition business segment.  
And with this, I would like to conclude our opening remark. We will now be happy 
to address any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, first question is on Specialty Chemical division. To the price reduction, which 
we have seen, is it more related to demand slowdown? Or have you also seen 
additional supply come into the market? And what would be the inventory 
situation right now? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, in Specialty Chemical, the agrochemical customers demand was under 
pressure, so therefore, we saw the price realization was lower. And also, some of 
the products like pyridine, the prices have been under pressure. Therefore, the 
performance of Speciality Chemicals was lower than last year and last quarter. 
Harsh Shah: 
By how much percentage have the realization been impacted? 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Very difficult to do the exact percentage, but yes, there has been significant 
reduction in price realization. It is difficult to give you product-wise. 
Harsh Shah: 
No, maybe on a blanket basis in both Chemical Intermediate as well as Specialty 
Chemicals. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, Chemical Intermediates, the price realization has been as per the Acetic Acid 
prices. So there has not been any deterioration of price. Our margins also have 
been good. So Chemical Intermediates, there was no challenge. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And do we continue to hold any inventory in our book, which was bought at 
a higher price that still needs to get sold and whose impact is yet to be recognized 
in the books? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, So this performance is not because we are carrying high inventory. This 
performance was because globally, agrochemical demand was lower. So other 
suppliers have been supplying at much lower price to liquidate their material, but 
this is not the case for us. We are not carrying any extra inventory. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what would be the volume growth for Q4 and also for full financial 
year FY23 across all 3 segments? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Volume growth in terms of Chemical Intermediates, we have grown to the extent 
of 7% to 8%. In Specialty Chemicals, in quarter 4, our volume has been almost flat. 
We have not grown. In Nutrition business, as you know, our volumes have 
degrown from last year. But sequentially, from Q3, we have grown our volume in 
Niacinamide. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, there's been a slight increase in the other expenses. Could you 
explain what could that be? 
Prakash Bisht: 
So, the increase in the other expenses, primarily over last year is on account of 
this year's higher freight expenses, the higher warehousing charges and higher 
processing charges. Over the last quarter, the increase is mainly the above three 
factors, which is freight, warehousing charges and processing charges, in addition 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
to that, higher consumption of stores and displays. So, these were the reasons for 
which other expenses were high.  
Rajesh Srivastava: 
They are general in nature. They are mostly general in nature. 
Harsh Shah: 
And just last question. So, since the realization of many of our products, key 
products has come down, be it Nutrition or Specialty Chemical even Chemical 
Intermediaries, are you changing our guidance of revenues because the guidance 
which we have given, the prices of all these products are much higher than what 
they are now. So, do we stick to the same revenue guidance? Or do we want to 
bring that down in terms of absolute number revenue of the incremental capex. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So, if you see, there is no fundamental change which is happening. As Mr. 
Bhartia also said, I also said, what is happening in the market is short term in 
nature. This is not going to last long. We are already seeing improvement in 
Niacinamide market situation, and we are very hopeful that H2 even agrochemical 
market should start improving. So, I don't think we are doing any change in our 
guidance for capex. 
Harsh Shah: 
No, not the capex, but the revenue that you'll be generating from this capex. 
There is guiding of doubling of the revenue. So, with the prices coming off? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
There is no change much. There is not much change because we have given you 
guidance based on what realistically we will do. We have not given guidance, 
which is very hypothetical. It's more realistic guidance we have given. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Two clarifications. Firstly, in Specialty business, what percentage of revenue 
comes from Agchem and is entirely from the Generics segment? Or do we work 
on any innovative molecules here in specialty? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So Agchem is contributing to almost 37% to 38% up of our Specialty Chemical 
revenue. And these are mostly the value-added derivatives, which we supply to 
large agrochemical companies, we are not supplying any innovative molecules. 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay. And in terms of margin and EBIT run rate, this used to generate INR60 crore, 
INR70 crore that has come down to around INR40 crore, do you believe next 2 
quarters is difficult to guide on this? Or do you think this could be a bottom and 
sequentially you should see an improvement at least on the EBIT side in this 
division? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I can fairly assume this is the bottom we are touching. We have to have 
improvement from here. May not be immediately, but as I said from H2 will be 
definitely coming back to the normal situation. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
And what all things should have to happen for the improvement from here on? 
Would that be from the price or would it from the raw material side, what should 
help from here on to improve this profitability? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I mean, if the demand improves in agrochemical, our products are very well 
suited. Customers will buy. And of course, we will sell the product as we have 
been doing it earlier. The fundamentals are same. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay. And these are our Specialty largely are spot business? Or do you work on a 
contractual term? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So, we do, as we explained earlier also, we always have the annual volume 
confirmation of the customers. And we discuss the volume dispatches every 
quarter. So, we know we have the visibility of volume. But if the market situation 
changes, the customer can change his volume in between also. So, we know 
clearly what volume is asking during the year. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay. Sir, in specialty, see there is an operating deleverage challenge, but are you 
also experiencing the pricing pressure as well? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. Because the demand is lower, of course, the pricing pressure is there. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Understood. And you expect this to improve from second half of this financial 
year? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. Yes. 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus Capital. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So first on Specialty Chemicals. We have just highlighted that our volumes were 
flat Y-o-Y in Specialty Chemicals. And if I look at the revenue numbers, they have 
increased 5% Y-o-Y. So, what am I missing here in terms of like is that a realization 
decline, volume decline? Or what explains the margin profile in this quarter? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So sometimes this revenue also depends on the product mix, which you sell 
during the quarter, right? So, it's difficult to say that. So, what we said that, yes, 
the revenue has increased, but volume has been flat. So, because of product mix. 
We have almost 40 products to sell. So, depending on which product mix, 
sometimes it happens. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, in terms of agrochemicals, can you just point out which products 
actually have seen a slowdown that has impacted our performance? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, agrochemical pyridine and some pyridine derivatives because we have mainly 
pyridine, pyridine derivatives, which we are selling to agrochemical customers. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, the end agrochemicals, if you could highlight which are the agrochemicals 
which have seen the decline? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. The biggest one is Paraquat, Diquat which is produced out of pyridine and 
there are many host of products where we supply. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And lastly, in terms of our capex, we have removed the capex slide from the 
presentation. Is there a change in our capex guidance or anything? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. Actually, for so many quarters, we have been just repeating the same picture. 
and that we did because we formed a new company, we wanted much better 
communication, but I now don't want to confuse you guys. But there is no change 
in our guidance, as I said earlier. It's just that we made our presentation much 
more cleaner, but of course, if there is any clarification question like you are 
asking, there is no change in capex. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Also, what should be the capex for FY24 and 25 then? 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So 24-25 or 23-24? 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
FY24 and FY25? For the next 2 years. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Okay, FY24, FY25. So, FY24, I think we have a guidance of almost INR700 crore 
cash outflow and FY25 should be close to INR600 crore as we said earlier, if you 
see our earlier presentation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainis Chheda from Spark Investment 
Advisors. 
Jainis Chheda: 
My question is more to do with the power cost, which has gone up substantially, 
it's a contract from FY21 and FY22? And also, there is jump in the other expenses. 
So, can you help us understand how the power costs are likely to move in coming 
2 to 3 years? And how will it impact the profitability? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, if you see the quarter 4, our energy costs are close to normal situation, of 
course, a little higher, but it used to be very high in Q1, Q2, Q3. But we have 
arrested it, as I said. One is that coal prices have come down. Secondly, we have 
done a lot of efficiency improvement. And also, if you see our consumption profile 
in efficiency improvement, we have improved. So, I think there is not much now in 
terms of very high cost of power and fuel. But of course, we are working further to 
optimize our energy cost. But yes, FY22 has been very high as you have seen that. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Yes. So, the steady state basis, what will be the power cost as a percentage of 
sales or some other ratio that you can help us with. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Again, percentage becomes very difficult because in our case, sometimes revenue 
becomes difficult to explain because of raw material prices. But on an average, if 
you see last year, we have been close to 18% of our revenue on our energy cost. 
So that percentage keeps changing. Right now, I think in Q4, it is close to about 
23%, that's what I said that maybe little bit more improvement will be close to our 
normal situation. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Okay. And in terms of the Nutrition business, what is the outlook for FY '24 and for 
next 5 years and for next 3 years as well? 

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, for 3 years, it is very difficult to confirm, but I can only tell you that in Nutrition 
business, the situation, we can see today is improving both in terms of price as 
well as demand. So, we are happy to say that, of course, this quarter, we will have 
lag. But by end of this quarter, our situation is coming much, much better than 
what we have been earlier. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Okay. You have previous margin around 20% at time in Nutrition business in terms 
of lag. So, what will be our sustainable number is what we are trying to 
understand? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I think we hope that H2 should be in a position to catch up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rohit Sinha: 
One is that how we are seeing this Chinese market before and after the reopening 
of economy which all we are talking about and how it is now increasing our 
business segment? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I missed your point. You were asking about Chinese market. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes, yes. How are these Chinese markets actually influencing our business and 
how mainly it has influenced before and after the opening of this economy? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, we have been seeing that few products like Niacinamide or maybe some base 
products of pyridine where we have some competition from China and of course, 
if China gets aggressive, we get impacted. But most of our other products like 
CDMO and other specialty derivatives, there is hardly any competition we face. 
And in Chemical Intermediates, there is no competition from China. So, I don't 
think there is much impact in these businesses. But some products like 
Niacinamide, we have competition in China. Pyridine, we have competition in 
China. So, we see if China becomes aggressive, then of course, we see the impact 
in price reduction. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. So, any change we have seen in the last few months especially, I mean, 
already, we are seeing kind of pressure in pyridine and Niacinamide. So, any 
improvement as of now? Or still it is the same situation? 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. So Niacinamide, I already said that improvements are happening now. 
Niacinamide, we can clearly see the improvement both in demand as well as 
pricing. And China has really come out of material. So obviously, situations are 
improving. 
Rohit Sinha: 
And sir, one thing that what are the factors or measures, which should help us in 
sustaining the margin Speciality Chemical despite the volatility in the Acetic Acid 
prices or raw material, let the price be up or down, but we should at least manage 
to hold somewhere average margin in the segment. Or it may be, again, the 
question that we are looking at actual EBITDA growth or EBITDA margin 
improvement in that segment? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, Specialty Chemical is not that situation. You can say Chemical Intermediate, I 
can agree with you that depending on Acetic Acid, our margin percentage may 
vary. But yes, in Chemical Intermediates, we continue to see our EBITDA 
improvements because of volume growth. Coming back to Speciality Chemicals, 
we have more or less stable margins in most of the products, but sometimes 
when the market situation like we have now, which is not only for us, it is for the 
global. There, then it becomes difficult to hold the prices and we have to compete 
with the market. And that time, we have to really see our margins going down. 
But in specialty, it doesn't happen that raw material prices goes up, so our margin 
will go down. 
Rohit Sinha: 
No. Just because this quarter, obviously, we are facing  a different kind of 
pressure, but that is where I was indicating that it should not be coming again 
going forward as I think we were also saying that this should be a bottom out kind 
of situation.  
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay. And one last question, if I can squeeze in. In power cost, earlier there was 
also a question at how you are placed going forward. So, as we are seeing that 
therefore on quarter-on-quarter, we are improving on power cost. So how we are 
now placed with the coal dependency? And are we still looking the opportunity 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
for renewable process? I mean putting our plant and or looking for sourcing the 
renewal. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Overall coal prices have come down, as you know. So overall cost has come down. 
But in Gajraula, we see some positive results in terms of our contract volume 
supplies. Some volumes have started coming in. So that is why you see 
improvement. Coming back to further improvement, as we have said in our 
speech also, in Gajraula, now we are also going to get connectivity of grid. So of 
course, our power cost will further reduce and also, we are working on sourcing 
the renewable energy, which is solar and wind combined. 
That something will happen after a year or so, maybe 1.5 years so that we are not 
committing for this year. But yes, we are working, which will long term give us the 
benefit starting next year onwards. But currently, I think situation is very much in 
control both because the overall market price of coal has come down and 
Government has eased a little bit of supplies of contracted coal in Gajraula. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot to from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, my first question is on the Specialty Chemicals and on the CDMO side. So, we 
had a couple of contracts totalling INR270 crore. So that was to be executed over 
a 3-year period. How much are we targeting to execute in FY24 from this 
contract? And if you can provide a revenue guidance for CDMO facilities overall 
for FY24. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So that contract, which we had informed you is happening as contract volume. 
There is no change. Of course, what happens in these customers, sometimes the 
volumes you dispatch in one quarter and then second quarter, the volumes does 
not go. So, quarter-on-quarter may vary. But on an annual basis, whatever the 
customer has asked for is happening. There is no change. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. So, any number that you can ascribe for the CDMO revenue potential at an 
optimal utilization, any number that we can work with? 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So earlier also, we have said that the new GMP facility, which we have just 
commissioned is going to add up the revenue in our CDMO business. And that 
revenue, it will normalize coming up in the H2 of this year because plant is picking 
up in capacity. And of course, as to onwards, our CDMO revenue also will go up. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, where have we reached on our Diketene derivatives plant 
utilization? And if you are maintaining our 70% utilization guidance for FY24 there. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, we are very close to 65% of our utilization. We are hoping that it will continue 
to improve in going quarter. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. Sir, on the Chemical Intermediates side, where would we be on the capacity 
utilization of the CI segment for Q4 and for FY23 as a whole? And I mean, 
separately for Acetic Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate if possible. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
On Acetic Anhydride, other than this new plant, which we have just 
commissioned, I think we are operating at 85% to 90% capacity, and that is the 
reason we brought this new capacity. And in the current quarter will be our first 
quarter where the new capacity will be sold. And of course, we have a plan to 
slowly gear up on volume gradually. So, we have a plan in the next 1.5 to 2 years 
to use this entire capacity, which is about 50,000 tons. So, quarter-on-quarter, we 
will have improved volumes from this capacity. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, in a couple of years’ time, you're looking at a full utilization there? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. We always say that, but it also depends on demand like in last plant we said 
that this will take 2 to 3 years. But fortunately, because of market conditions 
within a year, we could utilize the capacity. So, you never know, we always give a 
guidance, which we can definitely do it. So yes, in a couple of years, we will be in a 
position to utilize this capacity. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. So, have we already seen a base EBITDA number for the segment at INR960 
crore with the pricing and the spread normalization that has happened for the 
older capacity? I mean or do we expect further spread compression coming up? 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
Unless there is very severe market headwinds we face, I don't think there will be 
change in this base profile. You never know in commodities; something very 
drastically happens. You don't know. But in normal situation, I think we should be 
seeing similar level or better because our volumes are going to be better. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. Sure. Sir, one question on the management change. So Mr. Anil 
Khubchandani’s exit at a time when the company is in the middle of executing a 
large capex, especially on the Specialty Chemicals side. So, anything to read into 
this? Or if you can give some colour on this. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
I don't think there is much to read about it. I mean, it's a market where he found 
his next inning better somewhere else. He decided to move on. Of course, it's not 
a good situation for us, but we have our successive pipeline so strong. Our 
structure is such that the below, we have all the business heads who are taking 
business, Anil was responsible for Specialty Chemicals business, which is 
consisting of 3 or 4 smaller business units. 
Those business unit heads are already at place. They are taking care of their 
business. I am already there, and there is now a new head for a leadership point 
of view. So, I don't think there is anything to be read more in this. But yes, 
anybody leaves the company. There is a situation where we don’t feel good about 
it. But I think as some business continuity point of view, I don't see any challenge 
as of now. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, one last question, if I can just squeeze in before I come back in the queue. So, 
sir, how are we confident of the impact on the Specialty Chemical side and when 
we say that this is a one-off, 1 quarter impact. Because if I draw a parallel from 
what we experienced over the last year or so and what we initially perceived to be 
a short-term impact in case of Nutrition segment, or in case of the coal issues on 
the Specialty Chemical side. So, I mean, how are we so confident that this 
challenge will go away in a quarter's time. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So, we are also looking at the market. You are also looking at market. I'm also 
reading that agrochemical market situation should improve in H2. If you read 
anywhere, any company in terms of agrochemical performance, everybody is 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
saying that H1 is going to be tough, H2 has to improve, and that's how we can 
envisage. I don't think I'm saying anything new. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Question similar to the earlier ones. On the Spec Chem, for the last 2 years, a 
decent part of the growth in Spec Chem was driven by agro. I get data from your 
presentation. Your Agro and specialty revenues have moved from about INR300 
crore to about INR700 crore in the last 2 years, FY21 to 23. And now that we are 
hearing all about China recovering back, normalizing and all those things. Our 
revenue growth was also coinciding a lot with the disruption, which has happened 
globally. So, I'm just trying to understand, is there something which was some 
kind of one-off benefits that one should be aware of when you're thinking about 
the growth in the future? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So if you see the regularly for last 7, 8 quarters, our performance of Specialty 
Chemicals has been improving both in pharma and agro and this time in this 
quarter, we have seen a very, very poor demand from agrochemical customers, 
and therefore, there is a performance gap but I don't see that this is something 
which is changing our regular performance of Specialty Chemicals business. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
See, just to add that we hear from our customers that from H2, the demand will 
be normal. And that is why we feel that the customers who we are supplying the 
material, their excess stock of agrochemicals line with them because of lower 
demand of agrochemicals in Brazil and U.S. Therefore, they feel that this excess 
production which they have with them will be used by North America and Brazil 
and Europe. So therefore, we strongly believe that listening to our customers that 
from H2, the demand should be normal. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, I was just trying to dissect it because there is a lot of news flow that China is 
now back to normal versus what it was in the last 2, 3 years. So, this is not 
because of China recovering.  
Shyam Bhartia: 
No, no. This is not because of China because our agrochemical companies in U.S. 
and Europe, they have surplus production lying with them on the finished 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
agrochemical because of lower demand of agrochemicals in Brazil and in U.S., 
mainly and in Europe. Therefore, they as soon as stock levels will come down, 
they will start buying them. This is what we hear from our customers, there's 
nothing related to the Chinese Market. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yes. Sir, the second thing is on pyridines. Now based on a basic understanding, 
Pyridines also find a lot of application in some of the newer molecules, I mean, 
you might not directly be linked to it, but indirectly, your products might go, or 
some other competitor pyridine products be going. So, I'm just trying to 
understand your earlier comment that your products or pyridine products are 
largely into Generics. Just wanted to get some better understanding there.  
Shyam Bhartia: 
See pyridine products are used in various uses and the new uses of these products 
are in electronic products like in the electronic circuit board also it is being used. 
So, I'm just saying that new uses of product is coming in. But the overall demand 
increase is about 3% to 4% only. New uses are coming, which is a higher value 
pricing. But of course, the total demand is growing only at 3% to 4%. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
In case of pyridine if you see that all the new product development, which we are 
doing, we are taking care of many industries, so there are a lot of derivatives, 
which we are planning. And every year, we are launching 4 or 5 new derivatives. 
So, pyridine for us, we say pyridine but there are almost 35, 40 products which we 
regularly sell which are used for pharma, agro, electronics, personal care, all those 
uses.  
Shyam Bhartia: 
And just as a comment I'm telling you, that in pyridine, 40% pyridine is used 
internally by us. So, it is important for you to understand that we are also making  
new intermediates. New intermediate means new captive consumption goes up. 
So, we are adding value. Our objective is to add value to pyridine in next 3 or 4 
steps and then meet the requirement rather than selling pyridine. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
I got it. Sir, that is question, if you have a lot of inter-segment consumption, 
ideally, that should have knocked off in the intersegment revenue reporting, but 
that does not happen, probably take that offline. 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Pyridine-based intermediates, which are used in agrochemicals, the demand for 
this was less so our sales was less. So now that demand will become normal, then 
our sales will go up. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, the second question is on the capex for FY24, you mentioned INR700 crore. I 
believe the capex that you had earlier in the presentation mentioned this 
committed capex, large part is done in the end of FY23 or probably commissioned 
in early FY24. So, what is this capex now for INR700 crore, if you can probably 
mention the key projects? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Okay. So, if you see our last presentation, the key capexes are this non-GMP 
multipurpose, which is going on. We have expansion of our Vitamin B3 into 
cosmetic grade, which is now going on. We have plans to approve vitamin B4 food 
grade capex then we have plans to add one more GMP facility. All that what we 
have said earlier in our last presentation is still prevailing. And we have said 
INR700 crore this year is still prevailing. So, there's nothing changed. If you see 
last presentation, you will find everything. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. Because a lot of these projects were not to be committed. So probably they 
have converted to committed now, is it? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, yes., yes. Of course. So, quarter-on-quarter, we keep taking decisions on 
those capexes which are ready with design, development, everything. So, it takes 
time. First, you develop a product, then you pilot it, then you design it, then you 
take a call of capex approval. So of course, we take it gradually, not all together. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, last question on the food grade ascetic asset. It's about a year now. So how is 
the ramp up? I think in the last call, you mentioned it takes a year or so about to 
get the approvals done.  
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, food grade acetic acid very much on place. We have a good product, quality 
product GMP plant being audited by customer now and volumes are picking up 
slowly. So of course, this is a product which is low volume, low pack size, going to 
food customer, we can't expect a large tanker load, but it is picking up very well. 
So, it will pick up. Of course, it will take a little time to gear up in the customer 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
segment to catch up the volume, but very well done in terms of facility being 
audited by customers. So, we are well placed. It's doing well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus Asset Managers. 
Rahul Veera: 
Sir, the plants that are coming online and the opex is where the demand for the 
segment is only going to improve in H2. What is the probability for the overall 
consol EBITDA to degrow next year? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Next year means FY25? 
Rahul Veera: 
Yes, FY23 over FY24. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
FY24 over FY23. 
Rahul Veera: 
Yes. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
So far, we are confident that the EBITDA of FY2024 will be better than FY2023. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay. And what is the operating cost coming from on the new plant, sir, at opex 
level? And if they are working at 10%, 15% utilization given the demand scenario, I 
believe there will a large cost that will come in the opex, sir? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Not all plants are 10% to 15% operating. Most of the plants, we start with full 
operation. Of course, during the year, the volumes will start picking up. But once 
you start the plant, you have to start full plant.  
Shyam Bhartia: 
I can only tell you that our cGMP facility and also non-CGMP facility. From H2, it 
will be 100% utilized. 100% means probably 85% will utilized. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay. And given the current prices of the Specialty Chemicals, even at 85%, will it 
break even? 
Shyam Bhartia: 
No, this will be a CDMO. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
cGMP is mostly pharma. So, it's not agro basically. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay. Okay. And for pharma, the demand is still maintained? 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, still there. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
So, see cGMP is pharma. And non-cGMP is also agro and some extent of pharma 
also. But demand for agrochemicals from H2 is going to be normalized. So, from 
H2, all our plants are going to be used by at least 85% because that is why we put 
our plants because there is a demand for our products. And we are confident that 
we will use 85% of the cGMP. 
Rahul Veera: 
So, I'm just trying to understand, like if we take the sequential EBITDA degrowth 
from Q3 to Q4, it's almost been like a INR50 crore degrowth. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
But that sequential EBITDA degrowth is not only Specialty Chemical. If you see 
Nutraceutical, we have significantly dropped in EBITDA. That is the major issue. 
That is improving now. So, you will see overall performance going to be better. 
Rahul Veera: 
Right. But sir, overall, if you see continue the same argument again, given the 
current prices of Pyridines or even the opex that will come from the new plants, 
EBITDA, in my view, even if there's an offsetting factor of power savings or 
offsetting factor of Niacinamide improvement on the Nutrition segment, there 
should be EBITDA degrowth. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
No, see our performance on Specialty Chemicals, from H2, it is going to be totally 
normal. Plus, new plants will add to the additional sales that will give us leverage 
rather than deleverage, firstly. Secondly, on Chemical Intermediates, because of 
our new acetic anhydride plant starting, our over sales will be better. Now on 
Niacinamide, we have already told you that we expect the situation in Q1 has 
improved substantially. Q2 we expect to be better. And going forward, we expect 
the situation to be normal as we use to operate normally. Last year was a very 
unusual situation. Basically, in H2, if you see, it was very, very low. H1 last year 
was also reasonably okay in Niacinamide. 
Rahul Veera: 
Sure. Sir, just one last question from my end. I wanted to understand what have 
been the incremental depreciation or interest costs that will come for FY24? 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Prakash Bisht: 
So, it will be in the range of INR20 crore to INR25 crore on depreciation. And 
about interest will be in the range of INR15 crore to INR20 crore. 
Rahul Veera: 
Incremental? 
Prakash Bisht: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agarwal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
A couple of questions from me. If I were to look at your Nutrition business, what 
will be the indicator that you think help this business move up? I mean, last one 
year, we've seen a significant compression in this business, because of market 
dynamics. So, what are you seeing now which is leading to the believe that Q1 
situation is improved, and it should consecutively move up? 
Shyam Bhartia: 
See, last year, there was 2 factors. One is the Avian flu in Europe and then Avian 
flu in U.S. So, if you see this Avian flu reduced the total requirement of the listing 
and supply was more. So, the prices also went down. But now the Avian flu effect 
is gone. And now the situation is normal, and we strongly believe, and we are 
seeing in the market today both the volumes and the price going up, what we are 
telling you what we are seeing in this quarter. So, we expect the H2 performance 
is likely to be good in Niacinamide, both on volumes and price. What we are 
telling you that we are seeing that is not that we expect. That’s why We have 
stated that. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. And sir, given how this market has been under pressure last year, are there 
significant inventories that are there? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So as Mr. Bhartia said that in the beginning, it was the impact of flu for 2-3 
quarters. But then last 1.5 quarters, we have been facing the liquidation of 
inventory. So therefore, the prices are under pressure. But now the inventory is 
almost gone, it's normalized. And then only we are seeing the market situation 
coming up. So, there is no inventory in the pipeline. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sir, second question is basically, if I look at your Specialty Chemicals and Chemical 
Intermediates business, the indexation of both these businesses to pharma is 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
reducing. I mean, percentage of revenues coming from pharma for both Spec 
Chem and Chemical Intermediate, that successively gone down. So, I under 
agrochemicals grown but is there any specific development in the Pharma 
segment that you all are seeing? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So, let me tell you both. First, we start with Chemical Intermediates. Chemical 
Intermediates, pharma, mainly is paracetamol and ibuprofen. In that market, we 
have a very strong market share. And whatever market growth is happening, we 
are also growing. Now in Chemical Intermediates business, in Acetic Anhydride 
there are multiple uses where the growths are happening, like for example, in 
agrochemical is one part of it. There are other products which are also growing. So 
obviously, where the market will grow, we will also grow.  
So, there is nothing wrong happening in pharma. It is just because the other end 
uses are growing better. Obviously, our volumes will also grow better. And the 
same is happening in Specialty Chemical. There is not a bad or something going 
down in fact in GMP, we are going to add capacity in GMP. So as much, we will 
add capacity in pharma, we will have the growth in revenue from Pharma also and 
at the same time, there is a growth happening in agro also. So, there is no 
fundamental change which is happening. If the demand is going a little higher in 
agro, we will do there equally better. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question for today, which is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar 
from Equirus Capital. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Yes. Also, just on the food grade acetic acid. So how do we look at the utilization 
for FY24 and FY25? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
FY24, we see that we will be in a position to utilize approximately 50% of the 
plant. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, in our Specialty Chemical again, now what we are looking in the 
market is that this quarter will be a peak destocking quarter where even domestic 
agrochemical companies have lowered their production. So, is it fair to assume 
that the revenue contribution from Specialty Chemicals in first quarter will be 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
lower versus last year? How should we look at it? So even our profitability will be 
lower in the first quarter? 
Shyam Bhartia: 
We expect the demand to pick up slowly and will get normal by the H2. So, It's not 
that total demand is not there. Total demand is less than the normal demand that 
we were getting from our customers, mainly international customers. So, I think 
what we hear from them, what we hear from our customers, that demand will, of 
course, gradually go up, but ultimately it will become normal in H2. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Just specifically from the next quarter, given that we are almost 45 days into the 
first quarter, so we would be having a fair sense of how things are because what I 
understand is at the entire margin deterioration or the volume decline that has 
happened would have happened after 15th or 20th February, that is where we 
have seen that impact in the global market. So now given that you have 45 days 
into the quarter, is it a fair to assume that even first quarter would be on similar 
lines or would be better than this or worse than this. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. First quarter also is in the similar lines so far. But we still have half of the 
quarter. So far, we are seeing the same situation. Yes. 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Pavleen Taneja for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
We thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarification, I would request you to contact me. And 
thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
