 
यूको बैंक 
UCO BANK 
 
सम्मान आपके विश्वास का 
Honours Your Trust 
________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
UCO Bank, Finance Department, Head Office, 3rd Floor, 02, India Exchange Place, Kolkata – 700 001 
Phone: 033 - 44557227,    E-mail: hosgr.calcutta@ucobank.co.in 
Follow UCO Bank onTwitter: UCOBankOfficial; Facebook: Official.UCOBank; Instagram: Official.ucobank; 
LinkedIn: UCO BANK; You Tube: UCO Bank Official 
 
HO/Finance/Share/87/2023-24                                                        Date: 02.08.2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  
“Exchange Plaza”                                                      
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                        
Mumbai – 400 051                                                      
NSE Scrip Symbol: UCOBANK 
 
 
Madam/Dear Sir 
 
Re: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on 31.07.2023 
 
Further to our communication dated 25.07.2023 and 31.07.2023 regarding 
intimation about the schedule of Analysts/Investors Meet on 31.07.2023 and 
submission of audio/video recording of such meet, we enclose the transcript of 
Analysts/Investors Meet held on 31.07.2023 in pursuance to Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations and NSE guidance note dated 29.07.2022. 
 
The transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet is uploaded on bank’s website and the 
same can be accessed through below link : 
 
https://www.ucobank.com/pdf/TranscriptofPostEarnings02082023.pdf  
 
 
Please take the above on your records and disseminate.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
 
(Vikash Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : as stated 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532505 
VIKASH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
VIKASH GUPTA 
Date: 2023.08.02 
11:19:31 +05'30'

 
Page | 1  
 
 
 
UCO BANK  
 
 
Q4 FY24 RESULTS 
Post Earnings Analysts/Investors Meet 
Held on 31.07.2023 at 2:30 pm 
 
 
 
 
 
UCO Bank Management is represented by : 
 
1.  Mr Ashwani Kumar, Managing Director  & CEO 
 
2. Mr Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director 
 
 
Moderator : M/s Antique Stock Broking Limited 
 
         
 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT 

 
Page | 2  
 
- Moderator:  
 
- Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking, we welcome you 
all for the Q1 FY 23-24 Earnings Webcast of UCO Bank. UCO Bank management 
team is represented by Mr. Ashwani Kumar, MD and CEO; Mr. Rajendra Kumar 
Saboo, Executive Director along with senior management of the team. Thank you 
sir for giving us the opportunity to host the call. Without any further ado, I hand 
over the call to MD, sir for his opening remarks, post which we can start the 
Q&A. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank : 
 
- Thank you. I welcome all the analysts and investors to this conference call. Along 
with me, I have my Executive Director, Mr. Saboo. All top management team, 
corporate general managers. I'll just give you the brief about the performance of 
the bank during this first quarter of 2023-24. Investor presentation we have 
already uploaded and I believe all of you have gone through, just a brief of the 
performance I will give then we will be open to your question, answers. Well 
that as you all know, the total business of the bank grew by 16% and of which the 
deposit contributed 10.80% growth and advances 25% growth of which the 
domestic advances 21% growth and the growth in advances was backed by RAM 
growth by 19% of which retail contributed 25%, agri 14% and MSME 15%. 
 
- Of the retail housing contributed 23%, vehicle 24% and personal loan 26%. Q-o-Q 
also see our growth in housing loan, vehicle, and personal loan was 4%, 6% and 
3% respectively. As regards deposit, our CASA grew by 6% of which savings 
bank grew by 6% and current account by 8%. Our CD ratio improved from 
58.29% in June ‘22 to 65.79% in June ’23. Gross NPA of the bank brought down to 
4.48% vis-à-vis was 7.42% in June ‘22 and 4.78% in March ‘23. So, there is Y-o-Y 
decline and Q-o-Q decline also. Net NPA also improved to 1.18% from 2.09% in 
June ‘22 and 1.29% in March ’23. PCR of the bank also improved to 94.88% and 
the tangible PCR also improved to 74% vis-à-vis 68% in June ’22. Net profit of the 
bank went up by 80.80% to Rs. 223 crores in Q1FY24 as against Rs. 124 crores in 
Q1FY23. 
 
- Operating profit grew by 173% to Rs. 1,202 crores in Q1FY24 as against for Rs. 
439.94 crores Q1FY23. Last year, quarter one there was MTM loss on investment 
books. As a result, the top operating profit was low. Now, this year there was no 
MTM losses so operating profit moved up. As regard net interest income, net 
interest income of the bank grew by 21.78% to Rs. 2,009 crores and  net interest 

 
Page | 3  
 
margin also improved to 2.86% as against 2.74% in June ‘22/ This is global NIM, 
domestically improved to 3.03% as of June ’23. And CRAR also improved to 
16.85% of which Tier 1 is 14.16% and CET1 is 13.70%, registering an 
improvement of 240 bps over 30 June ’22. 
 
- As you all can see, that during this year, we have made a provision of normal 
NPA provision of Rs. 389 crores apart from that standard asset of Rs. 163 crores 
have been made which is on account of SMA1 and 2 book more than Rs. 1, 
crores. Our SMA 1 and 2 book more than Rs. 1 crore is around Rs. 2,000 crores. 
So on that Rs. 163 crores have been provided. In addition to that Rs. 135 crores 
also have been provided as a forward looking provision to take care of the ECL 
emerging guidelines in the times to come.  
 
- As we speak, bank holds the provision of Rs.1,267 crores as a mandated 
provision on standard asset, which includes your 7th June RBI circular on 
standard restructuring, provisioning, standard asset provisioning. Apart from 
that, another Rs. 1,000 crores bank is holding over and above the mandate 
provision in the book to take care of the emerging ECL guidelines as well. 
 
- As far as the credit mix is concerned, bank continues to have 60% RAM portfolio 
and 39% corporate portfolio and going forward we intend to, our endeavor will 
be to maintain that mix in RAM and corporate credit. In corporate credit, we'll be 
rebalancing our portfolio by bringing down our low yielding advances and our 
endeavor will be to concentrate on mid corporate segment thereby spreading the 
risk also and also improving the yield because highly rated and PSU corporates 
the NIM, or the margin is very low and the spread -- margin is very low and the 
risk is also high. So, our endeavor will be to rebalance our corporate credit book 
as well. 
 
- So, far as deposit is concerned, our growth in the deposit continues, was 10% 
going forward our focus will be to improve our CASA because saving and 
current is a low cost fund. So our endeavor will be to enforce that, for that bank 
has taken various initiatives. First initiative bank has been started immediately 
now is up to the declaration of the result of tab banking earlier all accounts, 
savings accounts and current accounts and all these accounts are opened 
manually at the branch level by filling the application form. Bank has started the 
tab banking; 10 branches have already been provided and testing has already 
been done now that these accounts are being opened to tab and once these 10 
branches may will be in a week time any issue or problem coming then we'll be 
rolling out to all the branches. 

 
Page | 4  
 
- So, account opening will be totally digital. Apart from that we will be coming out 
with a digital RFP also, board has already approved digital transformation RFP 
and then maybe another 10 to 15 days’ time digital transformation knowledge 
partner will also be on boarded to take care of the emerging needs of the young 
generation and our customers. Along with that bank -- board has approved Rs. 
1,000 crores of IT spend during this year, which bank will be spending on 
various IT initiatives right from the private cloud digital transformation and 
other things. Bank has also undertaken performance management system 
transformation that is an HR transformation journey for which knowledge 
partner has already been on boarded. And that has been made live. So by the end 
of this year, that entire – the performance management system will be live 100%. 
 
- So these are the few initiatives and thoughts I wanted to share. Now I am open 
for discussions if you want to add something. So I'm open for question and 
answers from our colleagues, from our investor. 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- So thank you for your opening remarks. We'll just open the floor for question 
and answer. We'll wait for a minute for the queue to arrange and post that will 
start it. Anyone wishes to ask the question please raise your hand. So we have 
the first question from Mr. Sohail. Mr. Sohail, you've been unmuted please ask 
your question. 
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- Hello. Yes, good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity for letting me ask the 
call. So you just on the passing comments you mentioned about ECL provisions. 
So if you could actually help understand that what in your assessment is the 
shortfall in terms of ECL that you see and probably where the shortfall is coming 
from. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO , UCO Bank: 
 
- See ECL is emerging concept already RBI has come out with a framework but the 
final guidelines are yet to come. So in order to have the cushion in the right time 
when the bank is earning profits. So, we are started making the provisions, but 
we have not made any assessment as of now, that how much provision is 
required or how much provision is not required, but let me give you some filler 
about that our SMA 1, 2 book where were the provision can come so that is more 
than Rs. 1 crores SMA, 1 and 2 book is only Rs. 2,000 crores currently and on that 

 
Page | 5  
 
around Rs. 163 crores we have made a provision. Apart from that there another 
stage two will be COVID restructuring or the restructuring group. So, the 
COVID restructuring standard book is around Rs. 2,742 crores, I believe, this is 
the number and against that apart from the regulatory required provision. So, 
additional provision is also captured. So, if my SMA 2 book more than Rs. 1 
crores SMA book, one book more than Rs. 1 crore and my restructured book also 
is taken together. So, Rs.2,000 plus Rs.2,700, Rs, 4700 crores are the portfolio 
which may attract stage one and stage two provisions. And against that apart 
from the regulatory provision Rs. 1,000 crores provision we have -- we are 
holding in our books currently. 
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- Okay. And sir, if you could share what would be the SMA book below Rs. 1 
crore? Any ballpark number? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Below Rs. 1 crore, I can give you separately. I don’t have exact number right 
now. I believe that will be around below Rs. 1 crore maybe around Rs. 5,000 
crore approximate, below Rs. 1 crore will be Rs. 5,000 crore approximately. 
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- Okay. And sir, just a couple more question while I see that in terms of the 
slippages trained has lowered, our credit cost still runs at around 1% -- in the 
range of around 1% this quarter as well, what, first have you have gone through 
a consolidation period de-risked a book, what should be a sustainable credit cost 
be for you for next two or three years. Because we have seen some banks 
reporting even a 40-50 basis point credit cost. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, if you look at our PCR, it is around 94.80% and our tangible PCR is around 
75%. So, there is a room available to increase our tangible PCR. So, as we are 
moving ahead, wherever required we are making reasons because it is always 
said that the buffers are to be created at the opportune time. So, wherever 
required we are creating buffers and I think my take will be that our credit costs 
during this year will be around 1% to 1.25%.  
 
 

 
Page | 6  
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- And sir, simultaneously if you could give some indication in terms of ROA, is 
that you see FY24 and ’25? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, again ROA is a function of profitability, right, of your total assets and our 
endeavor will be to increase the operational efficiency because the operating 
profit is our target. So, operating profit, we are target increasing, operating profit 
at least by 15%. And once we do that, automatically profit will increase and ROA 
also will increase. So, that target or the internal target set for the team is to 
increase the operational efficiency as you all can see that last year our operating 
profit was down from the previous year. So, we want to asses that situation and 
come to a growth mode. So, once operating profit is up, the naturally going 
forward the provisions will also be lower and profitability will improve and 
accordingly ROA also will increase. 
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- Okay, and sir just last question from my side, probably then I'll join back in the 
queue, our loan to deposit ratio or credit to deposit ratio runs still low at 66% and 
we are managing a margin of around 3%. So, once you lever up this balance 
sheet in terms of improved the loan to deposit ratio, where do you see the 
margins headed towards to any broader sense when should we see the margins? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, historically bank’s CD ratio was low basically on account of the fact that 
bank was in PCR till September ‘21. So bank came out of PCR and after that bank 
started lending and the CD Ratio is improving on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And 
if you look at our NIM, that is around 2.86% and going forward our endeavor 
will be to take it to 2.90% to 3%. Having said that, let me also tell you that there is 
a pressure on the cost of deposits, and the cost of deposit this quarter has also 
increased. As a strategy, currently we are not taking long-term deposit at high 
cost. So, we are targeting increase in CASA and increase in retail term deposit. 
So, our entire team's focus is on CASA plus retail term deposit instead of going 
for the bulk deposit. We, in the last quarter we took CD also this quarter we have 
shut that CD amount also. So we have not taken the high cost deposit. So, only 
low cost deposit is our target. And based on that we intend to control our interest 
expenditure and other expenses. 

 
Page | 7  
 
 
- Mr. Sohail - Analyst: 
 
- Okay, thanks a lot, sir, for your time I will come back in queue, if anything.  
 
- Moderator:  
 
- Sir, we have our next question from Mr. Sushil Choksey. Sushil sir, you can 
unmute yourself. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Good afternoon, Ashwani ji and Mr. Saboo ji. Sir, my first question is the 
transformation journey which you made a part of your opening remark, both of 
you have taken over the bank recently. So yourself in this current quarter, which 
has gone by and Saboo ji maybe three quarters now. Tab banking, digital spend 
of Rs. 1,000 crores, does this digital spend means Rs. 1,000 crores only to be spent 
this year for leapfrogging on the digital side or something more than that. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, digital spend is on the digital side and also to the build capabilities, 
including cybersecurity as well, including replacing infrastructure of our 
branches, where PCs are old. So including our revamping our mobile app, also 
revamping our existing systems. So, there are even – for private cloud at on our 
premises. So, many things have been planned and based on that our internal 
assessment is around Rs. 1,000 crores of spent we will be -- we have kept the 
budget. But definitely expenditure will take a little time because now the RFP 
will be there, then the vendors will be on boarded and once they are onboarded, 
it is not like that it will be implemented in day one or day two, it will take little 
time also. So, the journey has just started because it will take digital 
transformation. So, onboarding, digital transformation will take some time and 
once they are on board, so then digital transformations will take little time maybe 
one year time to complete a project. So, the beginning has been made, but it will 
take full transformation agenda to, complete will take little time maybe one year 
or one and a half year to be in totality. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, what are the low hanging fruits in your eyes seeing UCO Bank’s performance 
of couple of years and which is visible sitting in Calcutta today in the eastern 
sector. Which I would like to understand from your then throw a question 

 
Page | 8  
 
because both of you have had amazing experience at PNB when you all acquired 
United Bank of India, and you also had a brief stint at Indian Bank. So looking at 
those perspective and specifically in the geography where you are located. You 
are a pan India bank, but the East has a lot of support. So what are the low 
hanging fruits would you like to tap? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Hey, you're right, Choksey ji, in one way, because East is, I always tell my team 
that east is our territory because earlier there were three bank headquarters and 
only now in East, we have only UCO Bank. So we are in a good position to 
leverage our position here. And accordingly our focus will be to leverage CASA 
because if you know the data of, I think United Bank, their casa was around 55%, 
if my memory goes right –pardon. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- It was always about 50%. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Yes, this is what I'm saying. So, but we, now we can position ourselves by 
extending our digital reach by extending our digital platform to the state 
government, to the state’s various agencies. So because we need to be digitally 
sound, infrastructurally sound to capture all those deposits. So our -- we -- what 
we are doing we are now bringing up a CASA team headed by a GM, earlier our 
team planning and CASA  resources was looked after by one GM. Now we are 
segregating resources separate and planning separate. So resources team will be 
aided by GM and there will be a savings in-charge, there will your current 
account in-charge, there will be a government account in-charge, there will be 
NII charge. So, all these divisions will be separate and accordingly we will focus 
on North territory or Eastern territory based on the potential. East has a good 
potential and as you rightly said, I also believe that it is the low hanging fruit for 
us in the east. So, we no need to leverage that and our endeavor to that, for that.  
 
- Mr. Rajendra Saboo - Executive Director: UCO Bank:  
 
- One more point to it, sir, that in the Eastern part mostly in our UCO Bank, our 
casa particularly savings deposit comes mostly from the individual deposits 
only. So, we have very low percentage of institutional and Government deposits. 
So, one low hanging point here is that we can enhance the deposit from 

 
Page | 9  
 
individuals through our digital initiatives which we are planning which already 
we have started and another that there is an ample scope to increase our CASA 
from institution and Government deposit also. So, we have also the asset that we 
have been creating this casa vertical and it will take us ahead in growth of casa. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, there was -- you answered on the garnering of deposits, what about on low 
hanging fruit because no public sector banks talk about public sector and private 
sector lending. So I understand that last few years, we've focused more on 
lending to public sector rather than private sector. So, are you seeing how – 
where is your CD ratio likely to be tilted and as you said, your income is likely to 
rise which means that function either RAM will grow or corporate credit will 
grow. So how are you factoring and balancing in that with a CD at 65 or 66, I'm 
quite sure the little aggression and balancing in the current environment where 
infrastructure spend is high, how are you positioned? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Hey, Choksey ji, in my opening remarks I also told that time that our focus will 
remain on RAM because if you look at on our RAM growth in a quarter-to-
quarter basis, even housing loan grew by 4%, our vehicle loan in one quarter 
grew by 6%, personal Loan by 5%. So, our focus will be in this segment where 
some margin is there and your risk is also spread. In corporate book, our 
endeavor will be to rebalance it, why? Maybe if my cost of deposit is high and 
my yield from that corporate, PSU is low. So, I may be exiting anytime or 
whenever there is a maturity, I may not be able to offer them the same rate. So, I 
may have to take a finance review at that particular point of time and my team's 
endeavor is to grow in mid corporate segment instead of being large cap or the 
PSU or the large companies. So, what motivates or the intention is that never is to 
grow in that segment. So, with that, we will be controlling our cost also, we will 
be improving our margin also and for housing, retail, housing MSME and agri, 
in the agri we have gone for the gold also, gold loan. Our gold loan was - is very 
meagre currently in comparison to Indian Bank or Canara Bank or Union Bank. 
So, we are targeting now the gold loan, we have already created a gold loan 
vertical also here now. And we are targeting that we may double our current 
portfolio of gold to I think from Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 10,000 crores are our target 
to increase our gold loan portfolio. So gold loan portfolio will be our target by 
reaching out to over various branches through and then housing, vehicle, 
personal loan, all those will be our initial targets. 
 

 
Page | 10  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, in the current round, my last question, sir, our government holding is 95.4% 
with    Rs. 11,956 crores of equity. I'm sure that whether government grants you 
one year two year you will have to bring down your equity holding from the 
government, looking at a book and such government holding I had one 
suggestion to some other bankers whether this idea is suited within you or your 
floated with other banks I have no knowledge. You can convert your equally 
capital into Tier 1 bonds and get your holding down to 85% or 75% depending 
what government permits because your stock is trading at a reasonable price to 
convert compared to your book value. And let's assume that 95% is brought 
down to 80% or 75%, Rs. 2,200 crores equity converted carrying 8% coupon rate 
can be feasible, is something like this being discussed at UCO or in the system all 
at IBA, sir? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Choksey ji, it is not yet discussed and I am not aware but you are giving me good 
food for thought. I believe there are two banks like our bank who are falling into 
this category. So, if I have to take your suggestion, I think it will be our endeavor 
that first we'll discuss among ourselves through IBA channels and then we can 
approach the government also giving suggesting some modalities in case it is 
suitable or workable to us also and to the government. So presently, there is no 
thought process at least our level, but collectively we can think of. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, it will be a win-win situation for UCO, Central and IOB, I am sure about 
because Bank of Maharashtra has already done QIB. Thank you, sir, for 
answering all my questions. And I will rejoin the queue if I have further more 
questions after other participants.  
 
- Moderator:  
 
- Thank you, sir for your question. We have our next question from Mr. Amit 
Mishra. Amir sir, you've been unmuted, please ask your question. 
 
 
 
 

 
Page | 11  
 
- Mr. Amit Mishra – Analyst:  
 
- Hi, good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on RAM 
mix. So, if I see your RAM mix is stable from as compared to last year and in that 
also on retail advances, retail mix, retail mix is also stable as compared to June 
‘22. So, are we focusing in on any specific segment in retail advanced is or what 
is your thought process over there? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Amit, thank you for your question, but let me tell you, I think if the retail mix, 
retail and corporate RAM and corporate segment is stable within the retail stable, 
I think it is a good indicator of the overall performance of various verticals 
within the bank, we will continue to maintain that ratio and within the retail also 
we will continue to maintain that combination of housing, vehicle and personal 
loan. And we'll add gold loan little bit, let’s see how the gold loan vertical 
performance going forward. 
 
- Mr. Amit Mishra – Analyst:  
 
- Okay. So, basically my question was on that base, on that line that in retail also 
are we not more focused on housing loan, because the rates are higher or – 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Amit, focus is there and you have seen that our retail has grown by 24% within 
the, sorry housing has grown by 23%, vehicle 24% and personal 26%. So, all three 
segments on a YoY basis grew more than 20%, quarter-on-quarter also retail, and 
housing loan continues to grow at 4%, vehicle 6% and personal 3%. So, same 
trend almost continues in the quarter-on-quarter basis also. And same trend will 
continue. 
 
- Mr. Amit Mishra – Analyst:  
 
- Okay, thank you, sir. My next question is on slippages, if I see fresh slippages are 
Rs. 512 crores which is higher than the last quarter and also the last year. The 
slippages coming from SME segments. So, can you talk about that? 
 
 
 

 
Page | 12  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Yes. If you see the general trend in the first quarter slippage is a little elevated 
always and second quarter onwards, slippage is will come down definitely and 
within that MSME is a challenge that is basically because of our restructuring in 
the COVID times. So, if I look at, if I give you the breakup out of Rs. 512 crores, I 
think MSME restructured Rs. 59 crores out of the total Rs. 260 crores MSME 
slippages. So, the slippage from the restructured book is around Rs. 59 crores in 
MSME segment out of the total slippage of Rs. 89 crores from MSMEs 
restructured book. So, the restructured book slippage was Rs. 89 crores during 
this quarter and out of Rs. 89 crores, Rs. 59 crores were from the MSME. And to 
counter that, as I already told that we are holding extra provision also in the 
standard portfolio by way of forward looking provision. 
 
- Mr. Amit Mishra – Analyst:  
 
- So, what are the provision numbers, can you give me that? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Currently, we are having mandated provision of Rs. 1,267 crores which includes 
our various mandated like standard restructured book, our standard, June 19 
circular guidelines and standard provisions. Apart from that approximately Rs. 
1,000 crores we are holding as a forward looking provision which include around 
Rs. 300 crores of provision this quarter which we made so, that you can see in 
our presentation also Rs. 163  crores are on standard restructured sorry SMA 1 
and 2 book, SMA 1 and 2 more than Rs. 1 crore is Rs. 2,000 crores, so against Rs. 
163 crores we have made and Rs. 135 crores as an additional provision we have 
kept as a coffer.  
 
- Mr. Amit Mishra – Analyst:  
 
- Okay, sir, got it, thank you, sir.  
 
- Moderator:  
 
- We have our next question from Sushil, sir. Sushil, you've been unmuted, please 
ask a question. 
 
 

 
Page | 13  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, you just mentioned that you're carrying Rs. 1,000 crores of additional 
provision which is beyond mandatory and are you likely to this continued 
strength or this is one time exception which you created more from the SME 
book or any specific scheme lending or whatever, you would have thought 
about? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- The RBI has given guidelines that, that the sensitive sector and all these 
provisions are to be reviewed on a quarterly basis. So, we will be reviewing the 
position on a quarterly basis next quarter based on the scenario if additional 
provisions still need to be made, we will go otherwise we may continue with 
this. So, as that this board takes the decision accordingly, view will be taken at 
that particular point of time. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Okay. Second thing, sir, from UCO has a couple of assets I hear, which can be 
monetized, any plan that, sir? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Pardon sorry.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- You have some surplus assets, which can be monetized I hear. Any view on that? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- We don't have -- I think we are more searching for the asset to be acquired. We 
don't have any asset to be monetized currently. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Okay. Second thing, sir, looking at the outlook of the industry. Is it possible that 
the you become a preferred banker like how you been announced for a nostro 
account in various countries, what is your outlook on that specifically, pertaining 
to deposit garnering and business segment? 
 

 
Page | 14  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, our bank has expertise in handling as you all know about the Iran accounts 
also because our bank was the preferred banker for the Iran settlement. Similarly, 
for Russia settlements also our banker is preferred banker and we have already 
received -- we have already opened four SBRA accounts of our Russian banks. 
And we have already received permission for opening eight more accounts, our 
six are from the Russia and two are from other countries. So, that will be open as 
soon as and when they complete the account opening formalities. Apart from 
that another four banks have also approached us for opening SBRA account. So, 
as and when the accounts are opened the transaction will start happening. 
Currently in four accounts of transactions have started and it is, I think it is very 
beneficial for our exporters and importers to use that facility because the 
settlement takes place immediately. So, that is one way we can bring in some 
amount of deposits also to our bank by way of CASA deposit. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, I used to recall that we used to enjoy Rs. 25,000 – Rs. 30,000 crores of Iran 
deposit two three years back, can you highlight what kind of number deposit 
because –  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- That situation is not there even at all, because earlier if you remember that time 
there was no such guidelines that if a customer is joined facilities from one bank, 
they can open or cannot open current account within Iran, because there were no 
such guidelines and everybody was opening current account and keeping 
balances with the UCO Bank. Now the RBI guidelines are very clear and straight 
and generally current account cannot be opened with a bank with whom they are 
not joined the credit facility. So, I am telling you I'm coming to that only. So, that 
was the scenario when the people were opening current account and keeping 
balances. So now if at all we are opening account, so we will be under obligation 
as a collection account only to transmit those funds back to the bank. Why, for 
the credit of their loan accounts. So we may get float for a day or so but it will not 
be as huge balances as we have seen during Iran days. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Sir, I understand from the system because I'm a customer in some businesses like 
Iran business, that you get payments from Iran first, you provide to the customer 
and then the shipment happens. So, it's like no it's the payment is more or less 

 
Page | 15  
 
pre shipment kind of situation. So, how much of load you get from such accounts 
which are remitted out of Iran? If not weekly, fortnightly or monthly basis? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- It will be very difficult to quantify because it's a very fluctuating situation on an 
ongoing basis, because that the way the imports were happening or that exports 
were happening to Iran, now, it is very limited and only I think human 
intervention or – 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Saboo - Executive Director: UCO Bank:  
 
- Actually humanitarian ground trades are only happening now. Because of the 
sanctions there are limited trade happening. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- I understand it is food and pharmaceutical and some other basic necessity that is 
happening.  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Yes, and that is not a big amount. 
 
- Mr. Rajendra Saboo - Executive Director: UCO Bank:  
 
- Yes. So we are running transactions which are not under sanction, thereby the 
transactions are very limited. And that's why the float is also has reduced 
substantially.  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- So, now, I understand you are opening Russian account now, Russian banks are 
running more than $12 billion - $13 billion worth of depository Indian banking 
system because of the surplus remaining in India and they're not remitting 
money out. Do we have any benefit of that, sir? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- No, because all the balance sheets are with RBI not with the bank, they are the 
banking system but with RBI. 
 
 
 

 
Page | 16  
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- So surplus load RBI is enjoying not the banks, that is wonderful to know. Sir, 
now, I understand that the trade gives you benefit on cross selling to these 
importers, exporters who are dealing with you. Are we able to garner any 
customer out of such set of people? 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- See, for that purpose only we have created a separate international division here 
and that is now headed by GM. So, they will be reaching out to all those 
customers for cross selling of our products. As of now, I think not a large extent, 
large chunk of or large benefit we have been able to try. So, it will take little time 
maybe by next quarter we will be able to convey some good accounts out of that 
portfolio. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Thank you and will the center be only in Bombay, Delhi or it will be in many 
other – 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Bombay, Delhi. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- The preferred route for export business obviously. 
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Yes, Bombay, Delhi. 
 
- Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
 
- Thank you for answering all my questions. And all the best for the years to come. 
 
- Moderator:  
 
- Thank you for the questions. If anyone wishes to ask a question, please raise 
your hands. I repeat If anyone wishes to ask a question, please raise your hands. 
We'll just wait for a couple of minutes for the question to arrange once again. As 
there are no further questions, I'd like to hand over to MD sir for his closing 
remarks. 
 
 

 
Page | 17  
 
- Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD&CEO: UCO Bank: 
 
- Thank you. I thank you all the investors and analysts for their time to attend our 
con call. And at bank level, at top management level, I again reiterate and 
reassure to all my investors and analysts that bank is on a growth path, bank is 
on a transformation path and this transformation exercise we are initiating it will 
take little time to achieve the numbers on achieve the journey. So, going forward, 
we look forward for a better result also and hope to see you again next time. 
Thank you very much. 
 
- Moderator:  
- Thank you, sir. This concludes the meeting. Everyone can disconnect the lines. 
 
~END OF TRANSCRIPT~ 
