 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
Regd. Office : GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000     Fax: +91-33-4050-7999    Email: info@gptgroup.co.in    Visit us: www.gptinfra.in 
 
 
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2023-24                                                                                           August 07,2022 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                                  Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                           Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                                            Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on August 03, 2023 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated August 03, 2023, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call held on Thursday, August 03, 2023. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
  
 
 
 Mohit Arora 
     Company Secretary 
 
Encl. – As Above 
MOHIT 
ARORA
Digitally signed 
by MOHIT ARORA 
Date: 2023.08.07 
14:44:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
\ 
 
 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – GPT INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VISHAL MEHTA – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to GPT Infraprojects Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia, Executive Director and CFO. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to the GPT Infraprojects 
Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2023. The results 
presentation, along with our press release has already been uploaded on the company's 
website and that of the stock exchanges. I hope that you have had a chance to go through 
the same. 
Today, on the call, we also have with us Stellar IR, our Investor Relations advisors. 
I'm glad to announce that the Q1 FY '24 has been a remarkable start for the fiscal year 
2024, the strongest quarterly performance on all parameters, that is revenue, EBITDA, 
PAT, and Cash Flow. This achievement is attributable to our strong execution capabilities, 
steady focus on cash flow and also our commitment to expand to newer geographies with 
the commissioning of the factory in Ghana. 
Now moving ahead to our financial performance for the First Quarter of FY 2024  
Our revenues was INR 234 Crores on a stand-alone basis, which compared to INR 188 
Crores last year, representing a growth of approximately 25% Y-o-Y. On a consolidated 
basis, the revenue stood at INR 236 Crores compared to INR 188 Crores for the last year, 
representing a growth of 26% Y-o-Y. 
In both the stand-alone and consolidated numbers, we have set a target of approximately 
20% growth in the current fiscal year. This growth will be majorly driven by the 
significant execution in the Infrastructure segment, which accounted for 92% of our total 
revenues for the first quarter. 
Our stand-alone EBITDA for the quarter ended 30 June 2023, stood at INR 32.5 Crores 
compared to INR 23.4 Crores, representing a growth of 39% Y-o-Y with EBITDA margin 
at 13.9% compared to 12.4% for the same period last year. We are confident of 
maintaining our long-term EBITDA margin at 12.5% to 13% from the operations, which 
we have guided historically as our hurdle rate. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 3 of 15 
 
With the improvement in revenue, the operational efficiencies have helped us to ensure 
long-term EBITDA, and we expect the same to maintain going forward. 
In terms of our International Operations 
The subsidiary in South Africa has resumed operations and supplies to transfer freight rail 
have resumed in early June after receipt of an order from them valued at INR 25 Crores. 
This order is expected to be completed in this financial year, and we expect further 
incremental orders for the subsidiary in the near term as well. 
The factory in Ghana has also been commissioned in the last week of June 2023. As 
already informed by our press release with the stock exchanges, it has a capacity of 
240,000 sleepers per annum, for which we have already signed a contract of INR 123 
Crores with the railways in Ghana. With this, GPT has become the largest railway-focused 
company in Africa based out of India and continues to grow in the continent given the 
large potential demand in the region. We believe strongly that international operations 
will complement our domestic businesses with better margin and they are giving good 
returns to the parent company in terms of dividend, license fees, etc. 
In terms of the Balance sheet and the Cash Flow 
The management continues its strong focus on cash flow and receivables while ensuring 
that the projects achieve the hurdle rate of EBITDA of 12.5% to 13%. This has enabled 
us to report strong numbers over the last couple of years. 
Our cash flow to EBITDA conversion remains north of 100% for this quarter as well, 
which was 110% for the full year last year. This shows significant reduction in 
receivables, which has allowed us to reduce our debt by approximately INR 10 Crores 
during the quarter and thus, providing comfortable liquidity for the operations. The bank 
limits continue to be utilized to the extent of approximately 82-85%, thus enabling us to 
continue the operations very smoothly. 
Furthermore, the strong balance sheet and good cash flow have also improved our outlook 
for the external rating by CRISIL, which is currently at BBB+ positive outlook which 
was upgraded from stable outlook for long-term facilities and CRISIL A2 for short-
term facilities. As you are aware, any upgrade in current trading will also lead to 
reduction in borrowing costs for the company. 
Now coming to our Segmental Performance 
As I said earlier, the Infrastructure segment demonstrated a strong execution prowess with 
a remarkable 27% increase in revenues, reaching INR 219 Crores for the quarter ended 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 4 of 15 
 
30 June 2023. This segment continues to be the backbone of our business, contributing 
almost 92% of our total revenues in Q1 FY '24. 
In terms of the Sleeper segment, the same generated revenues of approximately INR 17 
Crores in Q1 FY '24. This is despite the closure of the contract for DFC, and we anticipate 
increasing momentum in the Sleeper segment, which is backed by commencement of 
operations in South Africa and commissioning of the facility in Ghana. We expect that 
for the full year FY 2024, this segment will contribute almost 12% to 13% of annual 
revenues. 
The key contracts for the Infrastructure segment continued to perform well with contracts 
like Ghazipur, Mathura-Jhansi, Nimtita, Byculla driving a major part of the revenues. 
Now coming to our order book.  
In Q1 FY '24, we achieved the highest ever order book, which stood at INR 2,288 Crores 
with order inflow of INR 248 Crores during the year, which represents almost 2.83x 
our FY '23 revenues, providing strong visibility to the investors. It is worth mentioning 
that this order book represents one of the highest in the company's history. 
To enhance profitability, we have implemented key measures such as optimizing working 
capital, reducing outstanding with various customers. And this -- we continue to be driven 
-- be positively driven by this strong outstanding order book, improving financial 
conditions, including strong cash flows and lower debt position as a result of reduction in 
receivables. 
In our last call, we have already mentioned about the setting up of a factory in Ghana with 
a total capacity of 240,000 concrete sleepers. In Q1 FY '24, the factory in Ghana has 
commenced its operation fully, and it has a current outstanding order book of INR 123 
Crores. 
As a measure to further improve the cash and also reduce debt, the company has applied 
for the settlement of all pending arbitration disputes under 4 contracts with various 
customers under the Vivad Se Vishwas Scheme II announced by the honorable Finance 
Minister in her last union budget speech. The management is confident to settle all the 
existing arbitration cases with the Central Government and PSUs in this calendar year, 
and this will entail receipt of approximately INR 60 Crores from these old arbitration 
cases, 75% of this receipt will be used to reduce debt and balance will be used for long-
term working capital. 
We are quite thankful to the government for bringing out such a scheme, which will ensure 
that the old disputes across the industry are settled and provide much-required cash flow 
to all the contractors. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Now moving to the Industry Updates  
Under the Union Budget 2023-24, capital outlay of INR 2.4 lakh Crores has been allocated 
to the Ministry of Railways, which is the highest-ever capital outlay and about 9x the 
outlay made in 2014. 100 PM Gati Shakti cargo terminals for multimodal logistics 
facilities will develop until 2025. With the Eastern and Western Dedicated Freight 
Corridor expected to be commissioned in this financial year, Indian Railways and the 
Indian economy will start seeing full benefits of this ambitious project that aims to change 
the face of trade transportation across the country. 
Under the Vision 2024, Indian Railways will have a total of 29,147 kilometers railway 
infrastructure, out of which 9,910 kilometers track length has been commissioned and 
total expenditure of INR 2.45 lakh Crores have been incurred till end of FY '23. The 
construction of the Dedicated Freight Corridor, Eastern and Western corridors is expected 
to be also completed in this financial year. So far 2,196 kilometers of the -- out of total 
2,843 kilometers of DFC has already been completed. Therefore, you will see that the 
overall outlook for the company and the industry is quite good. 
I would like to reiterate that in Q1 FY '24, we secured orders worth INR 248 Crores, 
including incremental orders from existing contracts. As of Q1 FY '24, our healthy order 
book amounts to INR 2,288 Crores, approximately 2.83x our FY '23 revenues, providing 
excellent growth opportunity and visibility for the company. The company has expanded 
its horizons and is entering newer geographies like Maharashtra. In the City of Mumbai, 
we have contracts worth almost INR 600 Crores for MRIDCL. 
With an order book of 2.83x our FY '23 revenues backed by healthy profit margins and 
positive and improving financial metrics and reducing debt and reduction in receivables 
as well, we believe that we are well-positioned to continue this growth trajectory in the 
coming quarters. 
As I mentioned earlier as well, we are now bidding for contracts up to INR 1,000 Crores 
each in our own name, expanding our potential opportunities for the growing segment of 
Infrastructure business in India. 
We have started the fiscal year 2024 with a strong performance, and we expect to go ahead 
with the same guidance of approximately 20% growth in the revenues and approximately 
40% growth in profit for FY '24. 
That's it from my side. Thank you, and I look forward to addressing any questions or 
concerns that you might have regarding our financial performance and future prospects. 
I will request the moderator to kindly open the floor to questions-and-answers. Thank you. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha Plus Capital. 
Parth Kotak: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. Sir, you've mentioned in your comments 
before that we have a capacity of 240,000 concrete sleepers in Ghana. What would be the 
revenue potential of this capacity? 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. The revenue potential, like I said, we have an order of INR 123 Crores in 
Ghana. And every year -- annually, we can get revenues of almost INR 80 Crores from 
that facility. 
Parth Kotak: 
Okay. Perfect. And I would also assume that since we have not generated any profits in 
Ghana, our actual operating margins would have further higher potential as we start 
getting profitable in Ghana, right? 
Atul Tantia: 
So if you see our stand-alone numbers are much better than the consolidated numbers. 
The Ghana operations will come in the consolidated numbers. And obviously, the 
consolidated numbers will kind of catch up to the stand-alone numbers as the Ghana 
operations and the South African operations too come online and might be better than 
then by almost 50 to 100 basis points as well. 
Parth Kotak: 
Super. Super. Sir, also, if you could help me with the net debt number as of the end of this 
quarter and the rate of interest, thereof? 
Atul Tantia: 
Net debt is almost INR 202 Crores as of end of the quarter. It's consortium lending. So 
average interest rate will be almost 10.5%. 
Parth Kotak: 
Okay. Perfect. And sir, just lastly, some commentary from your end on the bid pipeline. I 
know that you have mentioned in your comments that you've started for orders about INR 
1,000 Crores. If you could just give us some more flavor into that, that will be really 
helpful. 
Atul Tantia: 
So, we are -- our current order book is almost INR 2,288 Crores, like I said in my opening 
remarks, and we like to maintain our order book visibility of almost 2.75x to 3x our 
trailing numbers. So last year, we got almost INR 1,400 Crores of new orders. This year, 
we expect to get almost close to INR 1,600 Crores to INR 1,700 Crores of new orders. 
Out of which, we already got close to INR 250 Crores in the first quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivam Saxena from ICICI Bank. 
Shivam Saxena: 
Congratulations for a good set of results. Just -- I mean, how much is the government 
order book and how much is from private players? 
Atul Tantia: 
100% is government order book. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Shivam Saxena: 
And do you see any delay in your execution? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, no, our execution is quite strong, and we have achieved revenue growth of almost 
27%. There's no delay. 
Shivam Saxena: 
Okay. And what was this order book last year, if I would say, so? Has it increased -- just 
wanted to understand whether it is increasing? Last year if we see or any -- how is the 
trend on the order book? 
Atul Tantia: 
31st March 2022, it was INR 1,684 Crores if you see Slide 8 on our presentation, which 
was INR 2,276 as on March '23 and is currently INR 2,288 Crores as on June. 
Shivam Saxena: 
And exports you said, what is the business on export? I don't understand the exports how 
you're executing... 
Atul Tantia: 
We have 3 manufacturing facilities. And so we don't have any exports per se. We have 3 
manufacturing facilities in Africa, 1 in South Africa, 1 in Namibia and now 1 in Ghana. 
They manufacture and produce for the local markets there, and their subsidiaries which -
- in which the parent company obviously has invested and they do give dividend and 
license fees, etcetera. There's no exports per se. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kalpesh Parekh from Share India Securities. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. One, you mentioned that you are probably looking at 
something like this year our new orders to the extent of INR 1,600 Crores. And out of 
which, we have received something INR 200 Crores in first quarter. So like -- are we 
expecting the major part of the orders coming in, in second half or something like that? I 
mean which state it will be, more on infra side or more on sleeper side? 
Atul Tantia: 
So just to correct you, this first quarter, we received almost INR 250 Crores, not INR 200 
Crores of new orders. And most of the orders are in the Infrastructure segments. Sleeper 
business is almost -- in terms of revenues, almost 10% expected to be this year. And in 
terms of order book, the Sleeper segment is about 12% of the total order book. 
In terms of the areas, it'll be, like I said earlier as well, it's 100% government contracts, 
primarily focused on railways. Our core competency is in terms of bridges. So we expect 
the orders to come in from that segment. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
And sir, we have seen margins in this quarter also playing a decent type of improvement 
we have seen. Is the new orders what you are expecting would also be in similar type of 
band or it will also help you because our operating leverage situation will be much better, 
in terms of margin? 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Atul Tantia: 
If you see our historical commentary or our historical financial statements as well, we've 
always said that we have a hurdle rate of EBITDA of 12.5%, 13%. We don't bid for 
contracts below that. And our EBITDA margins have always been there or north of there 
as well. So any new orders would come in at that margin. And we expect to maintain the 
EBITDA margin at that level as well. 
Kalpesh Parekh: 
Okay. And lastly, on the export side, how do you expect the situation to improve? Are 
you expecting any major improvement from the other geographies as such like African 
subcontinent? 
Atul Tantia: 
So first of all, it's not export, it's international business. We don't export from India to 
Africa. Traditionally, that is what is export. 
In terms of the African business, the Ghana facility has started -- has been commissioned 
in the last week of June. The South African facility was -- has resumed operations in June, 
and we've got orders of INR 25 Crores from there. So, we expect that this financial year, 
we should get -- the Sleeper segment, which is primarily in -- with 1 factory in India and 
3 factories in Africa, would generate almost INR 125 Crores of revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
With respect to your comment about entering new geographies like Maharashtra. So I just 
missed the part. Can you just please elaborate what's the reason for entering that place? 
Atul Tantia: 
So we had, we have got 3 contracts in Mumbai City from MRIDCL, which is Maharashtra 
Rail Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited. One is a cable-stayed bridge over 
Byculla railway station, another is a bridge over Ghatkopar railway station there, and 
another is a connection of the Ghatkopar bridge to the Eastern Expressway. Three 
Contracts total to about INR 600 Crores. And the execution for them is also going on 
smoothly. 
Rahil Shah: 
So, what is like the time line of this contract, by when do you expect to finish? 
Atul Tantia: 
We expect to finish in FY '25. 
Rahil Shah: 
FY '25. Okay. Okay. And this outlook is given 20% growth margins in the band of 12%, 
13% and 40% growth in profits. Is it like overall at a consolidated level, right? 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha Plus Capital. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Parth Kotak: 
Just require one clarification. You mentioned our total debt is at INR 202 Crores, and our 
interest cost is 10.5%. So, should we assume that total interest expense should be for the 
year around INR 22 Crores? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, because finance cost includes bank guarantee commission; processing fees; interest 
on mobilization, advance and others. Last year, the finance cost was INR 36 Crores. We 
expect it to be below INR 30 Crores this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So basically, I'm new to this company. So just to get an understanding on your 
international business. If you could just brief us about -- just to get an understanding of 
your South African business and Ghana business. And individually, usually, what is the 
EBITDA margins this concrete sleeper business gets you and the nature of contracts and 
the time line for execution if you could? 
Atul Tantia: 
So we have three factories in Africa, 1 in South Africa, which is there since 2008, '09. 
Another in Namibia, which is a neighboring country for South Africa, which is there since 
2011. And the third one we recently commissioned in Ghana. The factories in South 
Africa and Namibia and Ghana -- or the factory in South Africa and Ghana is housing a 
subsidiary locally there and the factory in Namibia is an associate because it's a PPP model 
with the government of Namibia. 
In terms of the revenue potential for each of the factories last year, means the revenue 
potential for South Africa at peak revenue have done about close to INR 80 Crores in 
terms of revenue for South Africa. This year, we expect revenue from South Africa to be 
close to INR 30-odd Crores. 
In Namibia, the revenue doesn't get consolidated, only the profit from the associate does 
get consolidated. Ghana, like I said earlier, we expect revenue to be close to INR 60-odd 
Crores, -- INR 50 Crores to INR 60 Crores this year, and that's the revenue potential for 
Ghana. 
The African business for concrete sleeper fetches, at EBITDA level, margin of almost 
25%, which is much higher than the Indian sleeper business. And that is why it has been 
regularly dividend paying and what you call, it also gives the licensees and royalties to 
the parent as well. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Yes. So just to get some more understanding of what is -- if you say, let's assume you get 
a contract, what is usually the time line that we look at for executing the same, I mean, in 
the international business only? And do we get most of these contracts from government 
only for Ghana and South Africa? 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Atul Tantia: 
So we are producing concrete sleepers which are used for railways world over, whether it 
is in Africa, India, anywhere else in the world. We are also doing in Bangladesh, Sri Lanka 
and Myanmar for that matter. Railways is primarily owned by the government. You might 
be having small bits and pieces here and there in India, for example, people having private 
sidings and -- for the mines and thermal power plants and all that, but that's a very small 
part of the business. We supply to the government or the state-owned railways is there in 
Africa as well. 
In terms of execution, like I said earlier, the capacity for the South African facility is about 
400,000 per year. For the Ghana facility, it's about 240,000 a year. The execution can 
happen if the contract is available and whatever funds are available. So obviously, we can 
execute to that level as the contracts are available. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Sir, if you could help me understand, say, the capacity of South Africa is around 
400,000 concrete sleepers, what is the peak revenue we can do in case say we are assuming 
to utilize it 100%? 
Atul Tantia: 
It's never utilized at 100%. So, at 75%, 80%, like I said earlier, we have done of almost 
INR 80 Crores of revenue in the past pre-COVID. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. So overall, as a company, for FY '24, what is the EBITDA margin we are looking 
at to achieve? 
Atul Tantia: 
We expect 20% growth in the revenues for the -- overall for the company and a 40% 
growth in profit overall for the company. In terms of EBITDA margin, we have a hurdle 
rate of 13%. We expect to be north of that overall for the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankita Rao, an individual investor. 
Ankita Rao: 
So I have a couple of questions. My first question is that are we planning to change our 
order book mix going forward? Like we have achieved a 12% order mix from concrete 
sleeper segment. 
Atul Tantia: 
No. We -- so the Infrastructure business continues to be the backbone of our business and 
has done 85% to 90% of revenues as well as order book, and we expect that mix to be 
maintained going forward as well. 
Ankita Rao: 
Okay. Okay. Also if you could throw some light on the Jogbani arbitration? I'm just 
wondering are we... 
Atul Tantia: 
So, as I said in my opening remarks, we have applied for this Vivad Se Vishwas Scheme 
II which was introduced in the last union budget scheme of the Honorable Finance 
Minister. In her speech, she had allocated money for this scheme to settle all the existing 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 11 of 15 
 
arbitration disputes for the central government and central government PSUs. For 4 of 6 
disputes, we have applied including Jogbani under the scheme. We already applied, and 
we expect the money to flow in, in this calendar year. This will entail a receipt of almost 
INR 60 Crores to INR 62 Crores from the Government and Central Government PSUs. 
Out of which, 75% will be used to reduce debt and balance will be used for long-term 
working capital. 
Ankita Rao: 
Okay. Sir, that was helpful. And also, one last question, if you could guide on the current 
order book like what's the extension time period for your Infrastructure segment? 
Atul Tantia: 
Sure. So, the current order book is about INR 2,288 Crores, which is expected to be the 
next 2-odd years. And obviously, new orders will flow in during that time, and we expect 
to maintain an order book visibility of 2.75 to 3x our trailing 12-month numbers and grow 
at almost 20% this year and going forward as well. 
Ankita Rao: 
20% this year? 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hiral Nandu from Kalpvruksh Capital. 
Hiral Nandu: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. While a couple of my questions have already 
got answered by the previous participant, one or two more questions I would like to 
understand and clarify. Is there any periodicity in either receiving the orders and even the 
execution of the orders, maybe because of the rainy season or some other seasonal effect? 
So just to understand whether our quarters would remain equally on the receptor order or 
on the execution or it will have some periodicity? 
Atul Tantia: 
Sure. So generally, the first half is almost 40% of the full year numbers. Having said that, 
this year's monsoon slightly delayed, especially -- or barring I would say, North India, 
monsoon is quite delayed and less in some sense. 
The second quarter is obviously affected by monsoon but not that much. So, if you were 
to average it out, maybe in the second quarter, we would be almost 18% to 20% of the 
full year revenues compared to 25% if you were to flatline it. 
In terms of order availability, obviously, it depends on the government budget and the 
focus of the ministry, which is there, thankfully, for this government continuously. There's 
no ups and downs. We are participating in public tenders. So the success ratio depends on 
the price, and we are quite disciplined in terms of our pricing that we need a hurdle rate 
of 13% at EBITDA level. If we do get a hurdle rate of 13%, we are happy to get it. If we 
don't, we're happy to let go of those contracts because we think that there are a lot of 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 12 of 15 
 
contingencies in this industry, and you need to be very mindful of what margin you're 
bidding at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishith Shah from Nuvama Wealth. 
Rishith Shah: 
So actually, I have 3 related questions and all of them on the infrastructure side of the 
domestic business. So with the current setup or the facility that you have and the 
investment that you have done, what kind of lease revenues could we generate? And 
secondly, considering the growth rate we are envisaging for the future, when would you 
see the investment -- further investments to be done in the sector -- segment? 
Atul Tantia: 
So in terms of the Infrastructure business, we don't have a facility per se. We do set up 
our facilities in the various locations where we do get the contracts. So the investment that 
we have done is towards plant machinery, manpower and everything, and obviously, the 
credentials that we have built over the last so many years in terms of our execution 
capabilities. 
Peak execution is something that is -- there's no number, I think, in this industry that you 
can give in terms of peak execution per se. It depends on the order book that you can get. 
And we have been quite disciplined in terms of our order book, and we intend to maintain 
that discipline as well. We intend to be at a 12.5% to 13% EBITDA level going forward 
as well and not dip in terms of the hurdle rate because like I said to the previous question 
as well that in this industry, a lot of contingencies are there and we don't want to be hit by 
a downturn or a bad year and reduce the returns to the shareholders because we have a 
good dividend policy as well for the shareholders. 
This year, we are targeting a growth of 20%. And this 20% growth is for the next 2 to 3 
years. That will be the CAGR growth in terms of revenues. And obviously, profit would 
grow disproportionately because a lot of the operational efficiencies do kick in and profit 
this year is expected to grow by 40% and then almost 30% CAGR growth in the profit 
going forward as well. 
Rishith Shah: 
Okay. So that's -- so basically no lead time or no hurdle as of now. So basically, we can 
take off of the growth that we have set -- established. 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, yes. I think this year, first quarter has been quite good, and we expect this to maintain 
in the next -- even July has been quite good. So we expect the momentum to maintain as 
well. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Dhiraj Sachdev from Roha 
Asset Managers. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Sir, I've been hearing a lot of due diligence on selection of the order based on 13%, 13.5% 
margin. Is there a criteria for working capital, way of selecting orders as well? Because 
I've seen in the past being an infra-oriented company, your collections or operating cash 
flows have been pretty decent in terms of working capital. And is it going to sustain going 
forward? And what's the normalized working capital? 
Atul Tantia: 
Sure. So first of all, I'll just correct you. What I think said -- what's I think I have said if 
maybe you're mistaken, it's 12.5% to 13%, not 13%, 13.5% in terms of the hurdle rate for 
the operating margins. 
In terms of the working capital, obviously, we would like to get to 150-odd days in terms 
of working capital, which would be quite a good number. And hopefully, that would also 
be achieved by the settlement of this arbitration disputes which have been stuck on the 
balance sheet -- part of which have been stuck on the balance sheet for quite some time. 
And this Vivad Se Vishwas Scheme II will entail the reduction of the working -- the 
contract assets as are called on the balance sheet due to the settlement of these disputes. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
The question was, of course, the emphasis was more on the margins for selection of 
orders. Is there an emphasis on working capital and cash flows also for selection? Or it's 
only accrual system of profit growth? 
Atul Tantia: 
Sure. Sure. So cash flow is very, very important for us. Last year, we have done 110% 
cash flow to operations -- cash flow from operations to EBITDA. This quarter also, it's 
almost 100%. We expect to maintain that going forward as well. We are strongly focused 
on receivables from customers. We do, I would say, 90%, or mostly central government 
contracts, wherein think there is a definite line of funding. We try to be as far away from 
the local bodies and the municipalities and otherwise, and very, very selective in terms of 
state government contracts, state governments which are good allocation for funds or 
multilateral funded contracts, where only we work. We don't work -- we again try to move 
away from private contracts as well. 
So cash flow is very important, even the working capital. We do have SAP implemented 
across all our project sites, which allows the management, strong focus on the cash flow 
and allows it to monitor it as well so that the cash flows are ensured that they are 
maintained. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
The net working capital, even at 20% growth level for this year, net working capital, what 
could that number be? 
Atul Tantia: 
So the working capital -- the net working capital in terms of number of days would be 
approximately 150-odd days like I said. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
And even at 150 days, you are generating a fairly decent amount of operating cash flow? 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Okay. So as you scale up the business, at 150 days also, you'll not have too much of 
working capital debt, which will broaden that internal nature of business, because a lot of 
infra companies have stress point only on this issue of working capital cycles. 
Atul Tantia: 
So, working capital debt right now, like I said, net debt is about INR 202 Crores. We are 
utilizing almost 85% of our bank limits. And the idea is to bring it down further. So, this 
working capital limit -- or net debt target is that by the end of the year, we should have a 
net debt to less than INR 150 Crores. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Sir, just trying to understand the math right, if you're growing 20% and on the 20% 
incremental revenue, you'll have 150 days of extra incremental working capital. And on 
top of it, you will reduce the debt. How will that happen? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, debt reduction will also happen by the settlement of the arbitration disputes like I said, 
which will entail an inflow of almost INR 60 Crores. And also, the 20% growth will be 
financed by the 13% operating margin that we do have. So that 13% margin automatically 
finances the growth. You don't need to add new debt for the growth of the business. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So, assume the INR 60 Crores of -- okay, so onetime INR 60 Crores inflow is part of the 
working capital or part of debt reduction? 
Atul Tantia: 
It is part of the debt reduction. Honestly, we don't need working capital debt to finance 
our operations for the growth per se, for the operations. So rather they are -- even into the 
first quarter, we have been able to reduce the debt by INR10 Crores from the existing cash 
flow. At that time, we did not have any settlement of arbitration disputes or otherwise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathmesh from Tiger Asset. 
Prathmesh: 
My question was the revenue growth that you are expecting of 20%. Is it from domestic 
or from the overall business? 
Atul Tantia: 
It's both from domestic as well as the overall. So this year, on a stand-alone basis, which 
is domestic business, we have grown by 26%. And we expect both domestic as well as 
the overall business to grow in tandem. 
Prathmesh: 
And can you just break it down like how much revenue growth will be there from infra 
and from concrete? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, in terms of the Infrastructure segment, it will contribute almost 87% to 88% of the 
overall revenue and concrete will contribute almost 12% to 13% of the overall revenue. 
Infrastructure segment will grow by almost 20% to 23%, and Concrete segment would 
grow about 15% to 18%. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Obviously, Concrete segment, the denominator has changed because the 2 factories for 
the Dedicated Freight Corridor have completed the contract, which were there last year. 
And this year, they're not there. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia for 
his closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in our Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call for the 
period ended 30 June 2023. I hope we've been able to address all your queries. In case 
you have any other queries, please direct the same to us or Stellar IR, our Investor 
Relations advisers. Thank you again, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GPT Infraprojects, that concludes this 
conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
