 
 
 
 
 
 
GMM/SEC/2023-24/40  
 
 
 
 
 
                 August 14, 2023 
 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
NSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 505255 
 
 
 
 
Symbol: GMMPFAUDLR 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub.: Earnings Call Q1 FY24- Transcript 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended                        
June 30, 2023 conducted on August 10, 2023, for your information and records.   
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.gmmpfaudler.com.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For GMM Pfaudler Ltd  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mittal Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No.: 7848 
 
Encl.: As above 
MITTAL 
KARTIK 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
MITTAL KARTIK 
MEHTA 
Date: 2023.08.14 
22:13:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Limited Q1 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call”   
 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. THOMAS KEHL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS), 
GMM 
PFAUDLER 
LIMITED 
MR. ASEEM JOSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(INDIA BUSINESS), GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. ALEXANDER PÖMPNER – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
(INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS), 
GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MR. MANISH PODDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
(INDIA BUSINESS), GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MS. MITTAL MEHTA – COMPLIANCE OFFICER, GMM 
PFAUDLER LIMITED 
MS. PRIYANKA DAGA – DGM STRATEGIC FINANCE, 
GMM PFAUDLER LIMITED 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call for 
GMM Pfaudler Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now had the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Daga. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you Rayo. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to all of you into 
the Q1 FY24 Earnings Call of GMM Pfaudler Limited. 
The “Earnings Presentation” was uploaded on the Stock Exchanges today and is also available 
on our website. Hope all of you had a chance to go through it. 
From the management, we have with us, our Managing Director – Mr. Tarak Patel; our CEO of 
International Business – Mr. Thomas Kehl; our CEO of India business – Mr. Aseem Joshi; our 
CFO of International Business – Mr. Alexander Pömpner; our CFO of India business – Mr. 
Manish Poddar and our Compliance Officer – Ms. Mittal Mehta. 
We will give you a brief overview of the performance of the company, after which, we will get 
into the Q&A.  
Before we begin with the overview, a brief disclaimer. The presentation which we uploaded on 
the stock exchange and also on our website, including of all discussions that will happen now, 
contains or may have certain forward-looking statements regarding our business prospects and 
profitability, which are subject to several certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results could 
materially differ from those in such forward-looking statements. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Patel to provide an overview of the performance. Over to 
you, Tarak. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you Priyanka. Good evening, everybody. We are happy to announce a strong start to the 
year and remain on track to meet our FY25 guidance. 
Our business today is much more diverse and resilient than ever before, and we cater to an 
increased number of geographies and a wider range of products in our portfolio. We will 
continue to leverage our strengths, i.e., our market share, technology, the position as well as a 
global sales and service network to grow our business across regions. There is clearly a 
slowdown in the chemical industry and because of this, our order intake remains subdued. 
However, our opportunity pipeline remains strong across all business platforms and geographies. 
And we expect some of this, the customer decision making, which has been quite delayed for a 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
few months will come through in quarter two. We have also seen good traction in our technology 
and services business. However, our systems business is behind budget.  
Further our new market segments that we have kind of now acquired through our acquisition 
will also help us to enter new market segments and will also help us in reducing our dependence 
on chemical and pharma segments in the long term. Our order backlog remains stable at INR 
2000 crores which translates to about eight months of visibility in the international business and 
about six months of India business.  
In terms of financial performance, our consolidated revenue for the quarter grew by 23% to INR 
912 crores within an EBITDA of INR 132 crores, which is 35% higher than last year. Our current 
quarters improvement in profitability was driven by International Business largely due to strong 
execution, pricing improvement as well as lower raw material and energy costs. Having said 
that, cost reduction measures continue across geographies. Operational excellence projects have 
been initiated at Mavag, Switzerland and Mixel, France and on the manufacturing front, I’m also 
pleased to announce that we have completed our first, the acid recovery the project here in India.  
Our long-term growth strategy remains intact and as management we are continuously working 
on growing revenues and margins. Looking at the current performance, we will most likely 
surpass the FY25 revenue guidance of INR 3700 crores and we are on track to meet our EBITDA 
guidance of INR 630 crores. As FY25 is not too far away and many of you have asked about our 
growth plans beyond FY25. What I can say, as a general rule of thumb, is that we as management 
are confident that we can achieve similar levels of growth going forward. As per our guidance 
document, which was from FY22 to FY25, we had planned to deliver about 15% CAGR growth 
in revenue and 25% CAGR growth in EBITDA. Beyond FY25 we expect the revenue growth to 
continue in the range of 13% to 15% and EBITDA growth in the range of 18% to 20%. That 
growth in revenue will come from newer geographies that we will now cater to, our non-glass 
line portfolio is growing faster, as our market share is lower in these products and our services 
business continues to grow across geographies.  
Our India business will grow faster than our international business. We expect the India business 
revenue to increase at CAGR of 17% to 18% and the EBITDA to grow at a CAGR of about 
20%. 
I will now hand over the call to Manish, our CFO of the India business, and he will take you to 
the performance in more detail. Thank you.  
Manish Poddar: 
Thank you, Tarak. Good evening, everyone. We are pleased to share our 1st Quarter results for 
FY24. As Tarak mentioned, at consolidated level our top line and EBITDA grew by 23% and 
35% respectively on Y-o-Y basis. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Our international business perform very well with significant improvement in EBITDA margin, 
driven mainly by strong execution, pricing improvements and lower raw material and energy 
costs. Also, a higher share of services has improved the margins. 
Our India business continue to perform well. However, there is margin pressure due to increased 
competitive intensity and a general slowdown in Chemical segment. We also had lower shipment 
in Q1 which is the usual thing, for any year and a lower share of exports in this quarter also 
impacted margins. We have undertaken cost saving initiatives and operational excellence 
programs across the organization, we should have a positive impact on margins going forward. 
Further, some of you have inquired about the CAPEX plan. I would like to reiterate that for 
achieving FY25 guidance, we do not need any enhancement CAPEX other than the regular 
maintenance CAPEX of around 2% to 3% of the total revenue. Beyond FY25, to maintain 
growth trajectory we would need enhancement CAPEX; we would ensure that the additions are 
value accretive with total CAPEX to be about 3% to 5% of the total revenue including the 
maintenance CAPEX. 
With this back to you Priyanka.  
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you Manish. Rayo, you may now open the line for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam with Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
V. Balasubramaniam: 
 Is it possible to repeat your guidance beyond FY25, did I get this correctly, revenue growth of 
13% to 15% and EBITDA growth of 18% to 20%? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, again, Venkatesh this is not guidance per se, it’s a general rule of thumb. We’ve been 
asked this question that 2025 is pretty much going to happen in the foreseeable future. And what 
kind of plans do we have after that? So, yes, like I rightly said, in terms of the consolidated 
revenue growth, it will be in the range of about 13% to 15% CAGR and the EBITDA growth 
will be in the range of 18% to 20%. If you compare it to the vision document that we gave out 
in last August, it is at similar levels. Obviously, we have grown significantly in the last few years 
and with the work that has happened in terms of the glass line business, the restructuring that 
we’ve done in Europe, we expect this growth to continue in terms of revenue, but on the 
EBITDA number we are a little bit more conservative because we’ve already seen significant 
improvement in the international business. And we probably feel that kind of tapering off, the 
20% growth rate CAGR in EBITDA growth is still possible.  
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, understood. So, this is like your internal target that, beyond FY25 this is what you would 
like, aspire to do? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so as management this is what we would expect of ourselves. This is what we will aspire 
for, and this is what we will work towards. Obviously, the market should be conducive which 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
we believe it will be. And it’s important for people to understand that some of these things are 
long term initiatives, we’ve planted the seeds, but we do expect over the next few years that 
some of these initiatives that we’re working on will start to take shape. And at the same time, 
we’ve also kind of said that, glass line is a very important part of the business, we already are 
the market leaders, having a high market share that business can only grow so much. So, we 
need to focus on new areas which we have been doing and hopefully now, we have planned and 
you have seen the acquisition that we made, especially in the state of the mixing, where we 
believe we can add significant growth as well. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, understood. The second question is on the standalone business margin, which were at 
around 14.4%. Last year margins were subdued because you were sitting on an inventory of 
high-cost steel, what we remember is in the fourth quarter result it was mentioned that the high-
cost inventory of steel has been exhausted. And hence 1st Quarter onwards, you should see a 
margin improvement. But that has actually not played out. So, I understand that revenue growth 
at around 12% on the standalone is slightly muted. So, you could have had negative operating 
leverage. But didn’t you get any benefits of, what we call it lower raw material costs, because 
when your GP margins, that is your raw material margin has also contracted on a Y-o-Y basis, 
from 50% to like 48% odd? 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. So, couple of things to kind of think about at an India margin level and I’ll add and let 
Aseem also add to this. But generally speaking, India usually has a slower Q1. Obviously, Q4 is 
always the big month, the big quarter and then Q1 is a little bit subdued. Having said that, we 
could have had a little bit more, the shipment as well, which could have impacted the margin 
positively. And like Manish said, the ratio of exports in this quarter shipment was obviously 
lower than what we expect. Having said that, we are working on internal measures to improve 
margins, there is definitely some benefit that we will see in India, because of lower steel price 
and energy cost. We were hoping to see them this quarter, but at the same time do keep in mind 
that there is competitive intensity that has increased, there has been over the last maybe two 
quarters or so a lot more, I would say the competitive activity where we have seen a slight 
slowdown in terms of investments especially, in the chemical sector. So, that has probably made 
the pricing strategies a little bit more aggressive. Having said that, we do believe that we are in 
a good position, we had a good order intake in Q1, but we see that Q2 is slightly more 
encouraging as well. And we are being more aggressive and as you know, we are the market 
leaders, we are the choice when it comes to glass line equipment. And that’s really where we 
have the right of first refusal. So, having said that, we expect the margins to kind of stabilize 
around 15% to 16%. That’s what we are hoping for this year and that’s what we can expect. And 
if there’s further improvement in the market, and there’s further improvements in our internal 
cost structure, maybe that will be a slightly higher number as well.  
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, understood. Now a different question on your international business, so growth in your 
international business is quite surprisingly strong because we were all believing that the 
international business is basically a mature economy. You should be growing at maybe single 
digit, at best double digit but growing at almost 18%, 20% kind of like what exactly is happening 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
there, is it because you have offshored manufacturing to India, you are being able to offer better 
prices, and you are actually gaining market share outside India. Is that something which is 
playing off, or there is something else which is at play? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, that’s playing out. But I would not say it is significant in terms of the improvement. 
The improvements have been years in the making, we have put in place a lot of initiatives, like 
I mentioned, especially in Germany, in Italy, in China, we build our service network across the 
world, we build our systems business as well. So, all in all, it’s multiple different things that are 
fired at the same time. In spite of the slowdown even internationally we’ve been able to have a 
very strong Q1, we have about eight to nine months of backlog. And on top of that yes, we have 
been able to enter new markets, new geographies with product made in India, we’ve also started 
the stock and sale program, which obviously it’s something that we expect to kind of gain some 
traction in the next few months. We also now look at supplying some of the stainless steel and 
filter drying components out of India. So, we are working on that, that is a slow process, there’s 
a lot of acceptance issues. There’s a mindset issue that we have to work around, but all in all 
we’ve had a very good start. Very positive start and we hope to build on that going forward. 
Maybe, Thomas you want to step in ? 
Thomas Kehl: 
Yes, Thomas Kehl speaking. One thing to mention is that our overall strategy of growing into 
non-glass lined application technologies is playing out quite well. You remember, we made the 
acquisition last year with the company in Italy, company for filtration, liquidation, separation, 
HARI, we acquired and close the deal with our company in France, Mixel for the mixing 
industry. And we created the joint venture for  re-glassing business in the US. So, this is playing 
out and helping us increase the order intake and diversifying all industries;, really helping us in 
the performance this year as demonstrated. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. Tarak, I had a question for you, you were supposed to buy another 1% of the company. 
And this was supposed to happen by somewhere around April or so. Now it is almost August, 
but that 1% stake purchase which was supposed to happen at INR 1700 price, that has actually 
not happened. So, why is that, why is there a delay in that particular thing happening?  
Tarak Patel: 
So, yes, Venkatesh good question. And I’m glad you asked it, because I’m sure everybody is 
waiting in line, will probably ask the same question. So, the only reason that has not happened 
is because of French FDI approval, I am still 100% committed to do the trade at INR 1700 for 
1%, it will get done and most likely the timeline is sometime in September. I’m giving you the 
higher end of the timeline; if it will happen before that, this will get done. There is no change in 
mindset, there’s no change in agreement, this 1% will be bought by the Patel family at INR 1700. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay. One last one from my side. There is still a residual, there will still be a 14% of stake with 
the private equity fund, which they want to exit. Now what is the thought process behind that 
particular exit, because the stock price obviously is stuck at levels below the previous levels 
where they sold shares. Now, are you open to they doing a sale below the INR 1700 level or is 
it like you would want it to go to above INR 1700 when that trade happens because it’s become 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
like a chicken and egg kind of a problem, it’s a catch 22 situation, because there is overhang of 
that block trade not happening the stock is not going up.  
Tarak Patel:                       Right. 
V. Balasubramaniam:        And because it is below INR 1700 the block trade is not happening. So, what exactly can you 
throw some light on that? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, firstly, I really can’t comment on stock price and stock movements. I would not say anything 
on that front. On the second part of the question obviously, let me start off by saying that DBAG, 
the private equity company is a responsible shareholder. They have supported us since 2014, 
they’ve been part of the journey, they made significant returns for themselves, obviously, but 
they have also really enjoyed working with and building this company from, I was just telling 
somebody yesterday not so long ago, we had INR 500 crores of revenue. Today we are tracking 
INR 500 crores of EBITDA, this has happened in a matter of five to seven years. So, significant 
transformation and for an Indian company to have a global play like we do today it’s not 
something not to be proud of. So, from that perspective everybody involved in the business over 
the last so many years is proud of the performance. Having said that, there will be at some point 
the solution for this, we do understand there could be an overhang as well. And again, like I said, 
they will sell to the right investor, long term marquee investor at the right time.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead.  
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, the question was on the order intake and subsequent sort of flattish order book that we have, 
so this is the fifth straight quarter that we have seen index sort of trend downwards. So, we 
started Q1 of last year with INR 980 crores and we are now with INR 770 crores. So, but also 
this while we have maintained the opportunity pipeline remains strong. So, if you can throw 
some light on whether conversions are now taking longer, or competitive intensity is so high that 
we are losing market share, can you talk about that and then I’ll follow up with some other 
questions. 
Tarak Patel: 
So, if you see our numbers and compare them with any other company who is also giving 
numbers in the public space, you will see, not only have we grown market share this quarter, but 
we will continue to probably grow market share. So, I don’t think that’s happening at all. We 
are being aggressive in the market, there is pricing pressure, but like I mentioned to you, we 
have a clear idea in terms of what we want to do and the idea across not only the Indian business, 
but the international business as well, is that the order intake has to increase and everybody in 
the company is working towards that. Having said that, you did make one more point comparing 
this quarter with some INR 900 odd crores or Q1 last year maybe, the only thing caveat to that 
point was the quarter before that it was about INR 400 odd crores. So, the average should be 
around 800 to 900 in my opinion, that’s something that we should aim for. Maybe this quarter 
you will see some improvement there as well. There have been good order intake here especially 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
in the glass line business here in India, we do expect some big orders to materialize as well in 
the systems business, the services continue to do well. And maybe I’ll have Aseem and Thomas 
also quickly jump in and tell you specifically what’s happening in their regions. Aseem. 
Aseem Joshi: 
Hi Jonas. So, Tarak covered most of it, but looking India we recognize there is a slowdown in 
the chemicals industry. So, for us, it’s a matter of ensuring that the opportunities that do exist in 
chemicals we capitalize on which we are doing and then double our efforts in the sort of 
segments outside chemical and pharma. There, I’m happy to report, we’ve been able to do pretty 
well, in the 1st Quarter in our heavy engineering business and mixing business. We’ve seen 
some good wins come through and I expect those will continue. So, based on this, the sort of the 
approach we’ve taken which is to diversify we feel confident that we’ll be on track to meet our 
guidance numbers as Tarak said earlier. 
Tarak Patel: 
And Thomas.  
Thomas Kehl: 
I can second that for international business, yes, we have seen in the chemical industry a little 
bit cooling down the last two, three years were abnormally high and in a hot market, the 
quotations going out there and decision-making process at normal rate now, they have been very 
far in the last two years. Therefore, the order intake comes in slower, potential out there in 
quotations and the projects being open are still high, we are not losing more than in the past. So, 
our market share is stable, and we probably even increase it over time and again, we have made 
sure in our strategy that we work for diversification and some of the business segments are even 
above our expectation. One is our  Edlon business  PTFE lining, driven by demand from the 
semiconductor industry, although service business International is ahead of budget in order 
intake, providing extremely good mix for margin improvement and training. And in summary, 
yes we still believe in making up to our guidance.  
Tarak Patel: 
And let me just add something here Jonas as well. Obviously as management, we are 
conservative with the market generally, we obviously want to kind of make sure that we have 
our initiatives in place in case the market would continue to slow down. But from what we’ve 
been hearing, what we’ve been speaking with owners, managing directors, promoters of 
chemical companies, even though there’s some short-term pain, they all believe that we’ve 
already seen the bottom right, things are already cooling off in terms of the commodities as well. 
So, now you will see maybe an uptick in terms of investment and demand picking up. So, 
hopefully, it’s not too long before we see some kind of turnaround and like I said a few large 
orders coming in in the systems business will definitely change the kind of outlook for us very, 
very quickly. But having said that, we all are working hard, quietly we are committed to take in 
as much orders as possible. And we will be on that till we are comfortable. So, from that 
perspective, this year is something that we are quite confident that we can hit the numbers and 
from an order perspective as well we will manage to do so.  
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Appreciate the management efforts to be sort of more feet on ground on an evolving market 
scenario. My second question was, as Thomas did mention that there is some good traction on 
the non-GLE side. So, if you can highlight what has been the growth in the non-GLE business 
this quarter, and we’ve seen a very good margin traction on the international subsidiary side 
which is effectively a consolidated minus standalone. So, what would you attribute that to, is it 
a sales mix which has been more in terms of non-GLE, If you can just sort of, help us for that? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, maybe Alex can take that, Alex the question was, that what has driven the improvement in 
margins internationally, is it a product mix, is it a kind of a specific region and the first question 
was,  
Aseem Joshi: 
Traction on the non-GLE. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, the non-GLE. 
Alexander Pompner: 
Let me start, Alex here, and so I would like to definitely mention through two aspects. First, the 
mix that you already mentioned, the service business is really strong, service business is by far 
the highest margin business in the international business. And secondly, please remember we 
were asked nine months ago last year August regarding the high energy costs, the raw material 
costs in Europe, and you did not really see a negative impact on the international markets. 
However, we of course increased the prices and now we have the benefits, in especially the glass 
line business that we have with reduced energy and raw material costs. We are now having 
invoiced orders, which we sold for the higher prices. So, we achieved a price increase and now 
benefit on top of this from a lower cost structure.  
Tarak Patel: 
Okay. And in terms of other specific regions, or any other subsidiary businesses that have done 
extremely well over this quarter that was what he was asking about? 
Alexander Pompner: 
Okay, the other question Thomas already mentioned that the Edlon business is a really strong 
unit now and it’s linked to the semiconductor business in the US where you probably aware of 
it’s a push, it’s an additional investment into this market. So, Edlon is really outperforming our 
expectations and also causes a significant uplift in margins. But also, as already mentioned, in 
the European entities we see a margin improvement it’s Germany, Italy as such we have good, 
priced orders shipped out of the door with a significant improved cost structure versus last year. 
So, it’s everywhere where we see improvement. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, sir how much has GLE sales versus the sales growth between GLE and non-GLE at a 
consolidating level for us? 
Tarak Patel: 
At a consolidated level, I don’t probably have the numbers offhand, but that’s something maybe 
Manish will reach out to you after and just provide that information if you don’t mind, Jonas?  
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sure. And my last question was to Manish. So, the interest expense is clocking about INR 20 
crores a quarter for the last three quarters, if you can break up that up the impact of the pension 
liability if any and the normal interest and bank charges cost. Because, at an INR 300-crore gross 
debt level, INR 20 crore of a quarter looks high, so I’m sure there’s the pension liability sitting 
there, so if you can help us give us the breakup on that? 
Manish Poddar: 
Sure. So, Jonas pension liabilities impacts are in OCI not in the finance cost, so that line is 
different altogether. So, that way, the finance cost does not include any impact positive or 
negative on account of pension liability. Broadly, we have got at consol level INR 800 crores of 
debt at broadly almost 7.7% or 7.8% interest cost. So, you can say broadly INR 64 crores or INR 
62-64 crores of interest cost for this year, rest is all on account of bank charges. And related to 
forex expenses as well in case of some forex fluctuation. And of course, we get to mention that 
INR 800 crores of debt, we do have something like close to INR 300 crores of cash as well so 
net debt obviously remains in that INR 500 crore. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, that is the point, so the INR 20crore rate on quarterly basis would add up to about INR 80 
crore value guiding for more like a INR 60-65 crore interest expense. So, that doesn’t seem to 
add up and also, if you have an INR 300-crore cash balance that should also throw up some bit 
of other income, which is in a way very insignificant if I see the quarterly run rate, except for 
Q4 that sort of spiked. So, maybe I can take that offline, but this is something I want to leave 
you guys with. 
Tarak Patel: 
Sure, that’s a good point and we look at that because Manish also said, you showed number of 
65 so where is the gap between 80 and 65, so that’s something maybe we can take offline. 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes, that’s primarily because of bank charges and the forex expenses so we are going to take 
offline. Jonas, I hope you have got the March 23 balance sheet, which will obviously have the 
much more details and we can discuss. 
Tarak Patel: 
And maybe Manish good time now to just give them some idea in terms of repayment and when 
our debt levels will come down to.  
Manish Poddar: 
So, we did INR 430 crores of EBITDA last year, that was INR 630 crores of EBITDA next year. 
Broadly, this whole three years we can say broadly will be at INR 1600 crores of EBITDA 
maybe at 50% we should be having free cash flows coming out to something like close to INR 
800 crores, because something like INR 300 crores will go out of on the account of taxes, some 
INR 250 crores will go out on the interest repayments, and another INR 250 crores broadly on 
the working capital requirement in the business. So, probably INR 800 crores goes out, INR 800 
crores is what remains so probably that’s where the cash flow generation is there. So, we should 
be comfortable maybe in 24 months from now from a debt perspective. Of course, it will be up 
to the Board what they want to decide, whether they want to pay dividends or whatever they 
want to use the money for. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Bhandari from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
Just one question from my side. You mentioned in the opening remarks that there is a slowdown 
in chemical sector in the industry. So, firstly, whether it was on the domestic part or international 
part. And secondly, what are the specific, particular things that has happened led to the 
slowdown and what are the things that we should look in future to see if it is gaining any other 
particular event or any other things. That’s all from my side? 
Tarak Patel: 
Okay, first and foremost it is important for people on this call to realize that yes, the chemicals 
segment is a cyclical segment, there are going to be cycles, we have obviously been in a cycle 
for the last maybe four to five years that has been on the uptick, that has been kind of improving 
every year. This was obviously something that had not happened many times in the past, but it’s 
been in the last five years have been very, very strong in terms of chemical investment, both 
internationally and in India. But again, do keep in mind, the chemical business, both agro 
chemicals and specialty chemicals, is cyclical in nature. And that’s one of the things as 
management we do realize and hence, we want to have diversification. That means if one year 
or two years chemicals will slow down, we have something else that will make up for the 
shortfall. Today, the slowdown is generally across the industry, both in India and internationally. 
The reason for this slowdown are, from what I have read seem to be over stalking to this, these 
guys have all bought the specialty, agro chemicals, they stock them for many years, because 
coming out of the pandemic, they didn’t have line of sight but now they have overstocking that 
happened in Europe, in the US, so until those get kind of sold off, new ordering cycle won’t 
start, which also has led to Indian companies who were stocking inventory to dispose of their 
inventory at much lower prices, which is obviously impacting margins. The third thing that has 
also happened is that China over the last couple of months last quarter, have also dumped 
chemicals in the global market at a much lower price line. So, again, that has caused weakness 
in demand. And then lastly, on the positive side at least on the commodity side perspective we 
see some kind of stabilization now. So, the bottom has been hit, might be the same for maybe a 
few weeks, months or something but in the near term we should see some kind of revival. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jasmine Surana from VT Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jasmine Surana: 
So, I had a few questions. First one was on the raw material side, so last fall and some moments 
ago, so you did mention that raw materials is stabilizing for you. I wanted to just on the gas 
prices, the steel prices–methane carbon prices, currently? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sure, let me then break it up into international and India businesses, maybe starting international 
this time, steel prices and gas prices Thomas you can give your comments. And where do you 
see that panning out? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Thomas Kehl: 
Yes. Steel prices have come back down to the levels that we have seen before was at peak at the 
1st Quarter of last year, but it came down now. And we are enjoying a little bit of windfall over 
here, but we have orders at a higher steel price calculation and now pay a little less as an 
opportunity and it’s not really impacting negatively our business right now. The gas price 
development in Germany of all the energy price, the gas prices directly did not impact us because 
in Europe or in Germany we are not using gas or firing up our furnaces, it is electrical power. 
The electric power is peaking at the 1st Quarter last year, but the excess that have been taken by 
the government and are taking now a shape in a positive way, so the energy level prices are 
significantly below the 1st Quarter of last year, they have more or less back to the times before 
the crisis. So, the negative impact has been absorbed. And in addition, we were able to put that 
through in our pricing to our customers and kept the margins at the levels where we wanted 
them.  
Aseem Joshi: 
And as far as India is concerned, I’ll address steel and power. So, steel similar to the international 
business, steel is down well, although not down to what it was say in late 21, early 22. So, it’s 
come down and stabilized so I believe we are not seeing the volatility anymore. But it’s not 
down to where it used to be a couple of years back. Energy is down as well and stable as well. 
So, in both those areas it’s pretty comfortable that we have good line of sight into what those 
costs will be. 
Jasmine Surana: 
All right. Thank you so much for that. Another question was on the stock and sales program. So, 
I wanted to understand whether you entered any new geographies, that are we getting any more 
revenues, or any higher the stock and sale program and basically a little overview from your side 
on how the business has done this quarter? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, the one thing to say on profit sale, we’ve seen some good traction, they’ve been what 24 
vessels that were ordered, out of which we’ve already sold eight. I was actually in Germany, we 
were in Germany last week, we saw the Indian vessels in the German factory. So, that program 
is ongoing. It’s a new program for us, we obviously building stock basis our analysis of what 
kind of equipment will be required, there will be some trial and error here. But overall, the 
strategy makes sense. Our client today in Europe, when he has a breakdown, we’ll have to wait 
eight, nine months to get new equipment, we have something available that can be given to him 
in maybe four weeks’ time that’s a huge benefit. And any customer in the right mind would 
prefer to have a factory up and running versus eight months of downtime. So, as a concept, this 
really makes a lot of sense, we have seen some traction can I say it’s 100% of success not yet. 
But, over the next few years, I do believe that this can become an important cornerstone of our 
strategy. 
Jasmine Surana: 
Thank you so much for that. My last question is on the services and the systems segment. So, 
we see on the order intake, we’re seeing more services as compared to system. So, should we 
see this is as a one-off where most of the components and having a repair or replacement value 
or do we see this change of higher services and systems to stabilize going forward? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Tarak Patel: 
So, a couple of things to keep in mind here. One is that we as management and as a company 
have been focusing more of resources and money to our services business. We have over the last 
maybe year or so, made an acquisition in the US where we bought out a small competitor in the 
Southern area of the US where we will start doing services like realigning and re-lapping. We 
just opened up last week, a new service center in Brazil, we also have a new service center in 
Houston, we are now opening up a new service center in Switzerland and in China, in India as 
well we continuously want to build and add more service capabilities. We also believe as an 
organization that there’s an opportunity, especially in India and China, where our service 
revenues are so small compared to the rest of the world, to really grow that part of our business. 
And we will push to make services maybe a 15%-20% of our total revenues in India and in 
China. Also, keep in mind that India and China have a very large installed base nearly 40,000- 
50,000 reactors have been supplied over the last 10 odd years. Now, equipment are aging so at 
some point, these equipment will come in for servicing, for replacement, and so on and so forth. 
And then lastly, keep in mind also that the mindset of customers is changing. What was 
acceptable maybe five-seven years ago in terms of quality and services is not acceptable now. 
There’s too many rules and regulations, regular audits, approvals required, so people are 
changing, and they will track by services and spare parts from the original equipment 
manufacturer. So, hopefully that means there are a service business that will continue to grow. 
We as management believe in this strategy 100% and we want this to be a big part of our total 
business and that is what we are aiming for. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar from AlfAccurate. Please go ahead. 
 
Amar: 
Sir, wanted to understand, beyond 25, we are confident about 15% kind of a CAGR for 
international business and 17% kind of a CAGR for India business. But then, if I see your near-
term guidance, we are pretty conservative even in 25 about our revenue growth. So, are we 
seeing some serious kind of slowdown in the overall business environment?  
 
Tarak Patel: 
No. So, when we gave the guidance of FY25, this was last year in August, there was no specific 
slowdown, it is still a significant growth that we have planned for both in terms of revenue and 
margins. Obviously, maybe as management we might be a little bit more conservative than 
others, but we do feel that the strategy for us to obviously be conservative, but then out the 
performed the expectations right. And we did that already during our last guidance period when 
we actually met the guidance number, one year before what we had promised. So, obviously that 
time the outlook and the industry were really booming, today there is a bit of a slow slowdown 
and that’s why management sometimes we built the numbers more conservatively because there 
is something that obviously is not in our hands. And there could be maybe six months, eight 
months of volatility which obviously would impact growth for that specific year. But having 
said that, the outlook on the longer term, the next up to 2025 and then three to four years after 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
that. We do believe that overall, we can maintain these growth rates. And again, just to clarify 
again, I’m not sure what numbers you said but when I told you my numbers again, after FY25, 
13% to 15% growth in terms of revenue, CAGR growth in terms of revenue, and about an 18% 
to 20% growth in terms of EBITDA at consolidated level. And like I said, India business will 
grow faster, and we expect the India business to maybe grow at 17%-18% or so and then, the 
EBITDA, CAGR to be 20% odd. 
Amar: 
And internationally you are saying 13%-14%? 
Tarak Patel: 
No, 13%-15% consol numbers we said.  
Amar: 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of your order intake, like if I see order intake or even an order 
book as well as order intake has been muted, in this quarter and we are sounding for kind of 
muted kind of an environment even in the chemical as well as overall customer level. So, just 
wanted to understand, is that the deal closure is becoming delayed or there are deals which are 
becoming canceling or people are delaying their expenditures? 
 Aseem Joshi: 
Look, we see a lot of the funnel is strong. So, there’s a lot of stuff that we are in discussion with 
customers about, but it is taking longer often the decisions are being pushed out by a quarter or 
two. That’s what we’re seeing primarily in, for the glass line, chemical space.  
Tarak Patel:                         Cancellations not so much, maybe you ask me one cancel, one big project was cancelled this 
year, but everything else is either pushed out or finalized and they have to finalize maybe a 
month or two later, I think the international business is pretty much the same for you, Thomas 
right. 
Thomas Kehl: 
Picture is pretty much the same at the same chemicals the process of making decisions is a little 
bit slow down. So, we are waiting for the project to be decided, but no projects are taken out or 
taken back, we have no cancellations. So, the funnel is strong and good sales versus good project. 
And we are not losing the project more than we did in the past or the market share is not 
decreasing, it’s rather stable or slightly increasing anyway. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead.  
Sarang Sanil: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is, in the last few weeks a couple of German 
specialty chemical companies have been cutting down on their forecast for the year, high energy 
price and weak demand. So, has there been any delay in decision making, especially in the 
Europe region lately, in the ongoing quarter? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, the question was Thomas, we’ve seen a lot of European and especially German chemical 
companies cutting guidance and things like that. Is that impacting business for you specifically 
in Germany, that was the question. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Thomas Kehl: 
Again, the overall chemical industry is slowing down a little bit, we see that midterm, long term, 
we don’t see any major impact on that. A couple of changes in some of the big chemical 
industries like the BASF making announcement moving towards China, some of the products or 
products that are not necessarily been guided by our company and our products. So, the impact 
that we see is not really foreseeable, not really there. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. Sir my second question will be, what would be the effective tax rate for the year, since you 
have mentioned in the previous call that it could be in the range of 26% to 27% for the year as 
this quarter we saw that to be a little elevated, are you still sticking to that, 26%, 27% range for 
the year? 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes, overall for the year there’s no change in the tax guidance. But quarterly fluctuations 
depending on the deferred tax impact will, continue to happen because of so many geographies, 
but overall we did maintain that. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. Sir my last question is regarding Mavag, is it possible to give the domestic market share 
of this technology? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sorry, did you say Mavag? 
Sarang Sanil: 
Yes, sir. 
Tarak Patel: 
So, Mavag generally kind of participate in a business that we call filtration and drying, this is 
where anywhere where you separate a solid from a liquid, and then you dry it. So, in this space, 
there are multiple different technologies that we have and Mavag is a brand name that has all 
the technology. So, in terms of market share it will be very difficult to say, having one of the 
two things that I can definitely make clear for you is, there is a big market here in India for a 
product called filter dryer or ANFD, where there’s a lot of competitive intensity, there’s four or 
five different players, and it’s kind of very competitive. So, that’s not where we participate. We 
do some stuff in ANFD, but only for very critical application. Well, we do focus in India as one, 
we supply components to our Swiss subsidiary. So, 80% of that manufacturing that happens 
within it happens actually in India. And then we also focus on specific drying equipment like 
VCD, vertical cone dryers, we do spherical dryers and other such equipment. So, the idea as a 
company is always to move towards highly technological advantage that you have where you 
solve customer’s problem, either you’re helping him reduce batch time or have been improved 
heat transfer, or power consumption. So, anytime you can make a difference for the customer, 
that’s when you really move up in terms of value. And that’s what the focus is on. We try and 
exit any business areas where there’s too much competitive intensity and customers don’t value 
technology. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya Birla 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
So, just wanted to understand the outlook on a Chinese entity. Looking at the annual report, the 
Chinese entity has been a significant contributor of growth for the last couple of years in the 
international segment. But with things now slowing down in China, what is the outlook that 
you’re seeing? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, I will start and maybe Thomas can jump in. So, again, on Chinese facility, our new facility 
getting it up to speed and ramping it up took some time, we started the move from the old factory 
to new factory during COVID so we lost some time, but definitely happy to report the 
momentum is there, the factory is completely now up and running. And it had performed very 
well. In fact, the largest vessels ever produced within our group, in all the years of history that 
we have actually was produced by the Chinese facility only last month, 140,000 litres, and three 
of them I believe. So, incredible improvement for the Chinese facility and their order backlog 
also remains quite strong. But again, like you rightly said, there is definitely a slowdown in 
China. And again, the competitive intensity there is going to kind of increase over time, maybe 
for the short term and then as the market turns maybe then decrease. But all in all, we’re in a 
strong position keep in mind our China business is very small about $20 million of equipment 
that goes into China from the Chinese factory. So, it’s not a huge number and China for that kind 
of market size we have very large market, the whole Chinese market could be about close to a 
billion dollars out of which our addressable market is about $200 odd million, which would still 
mean that there’s a lot of potential for growth. And I’ll just hand it over to Thomas now, maybe 
he’ll give you an update on China as well. 
Thomas Kehl: 
Thank you Tarak, that summarizes quite well the story of the new plan that is up and running 
and gaining momentum, the COVID levels are at the level that we expected and planned for, the 
capabilities on the China plant are well set for the future with the new processes is that we have 
amended operation activities that we have implemented there, we are highly competitive in the 
segment that we are playing. We have a lot of projects going in the funnel that are not yet 
decided. And again, more or less the same story of the slowdown chemical industry is there. 
However, the plan is quite busy, because we have a strong backlog with good margins. And 
China is performing quite well. And we believe that this slip in the demand and China is going 
to be over very soon. Just the bottom has been reached already and momentum will come back 
on order intake. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood. And my second question was on the lines of services. So, what are the steps that 
we are taking in order to increase this share of services in our overall revenue, because let’s say 
even if the outlook is a little muted on the glass line side, if we can get some annuity side of 
revenue from services, that would be very helpful so what are some of the steps that we are 
taking to increase this share? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, so as a starting point, keep in mind a very important relationship between new CAPEX and 
services. When you see the CAPEX cycle slowed down, you will see the spend on services go 
up. So, that’s always something that has happened, it usually means that if I’m not buying new 
equipment, I will make sure that the equipment that I have in my factory runs well and doesn’t 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
break down. So, you see that relationship obviously, so if the CAPEX cycle were to slow down 
a little bit you would see the services revenues increase. Like I mentioned before, there’s 
multiple things we’ve done in both international as well as the India business and maybe Thomas 
and Aseem can add a little bit more in terms of what specific actions have we taken to grow our 
services business. 
Thomas Kehl: 
Any specific actions that we have taken started the journey a couple of years ago, we increase 
the number of service technicians engineers on the ground from a little over 20 to 40 in 2017. 
And today we are little bit over 60 service technician engineers in the field. We have increased 
the number of service centers over time significantly, we started off with less than six, now we 
have 12 and going to look for 14 and 16 service centers. With our M&A strategy being a new 
technology non-glass led technologies, all those technologies always provide service 
opportunities as well, we with our array of service products is becoming bigger, and therefore 
we belief that we could change to win more service business and increase of share at high 
margins and contribute to the overall performance quite significantly.  
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes, and I will add for India, in India we are just starting off on the services journey, it’s been a 
very small portion of our business. Thankfully, we have the international business template to 
follow as far as structuring and organization is concerned. So, we’ve done a lot of things that 
they’ve already done, which is first, we carved out a separate organization that’s focused on 
service, which did not exist in the past. We’ve also worked with the factories to ensure that we 
have enough stock of parts, replacement parts that are required for our customers. And there’s a 
lot of analytics one can do about your install base and figure out how to go after your installed 
base and with service offering so we are now engaged on that process. All in all, we are quite 
pleased with all that coming along. And we expect to continue that journey for the next probably 
two to three years and bring up the service share of our revenue in India.  
Tarak Patel: 
And just to add to what both these gentlemen said, in terms of service personnel today, we are 
by far the biggest in number of people, both internationally and India. So, that gives us a 
significant advantage. The idea between management teams here today is also to kind of look at 
if there is other equipment within a chemical or a pharmaceutical plant that we could also cater 
to. So, why talk only at equipment may or manufactured by us, why can’t we not also service 
other equipment. So, that’s the next step and overtime we will look at that and see if that is 
something that is possible as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Two or three questions, the first one being related to the services and the systems that we are 
talking about. In terms of the large system orders which we had done in China somewhere around 
INR 50-52 odd crores and acid recovery orders of some INR 22-23 odd crores do we have any 
more of these orders, and our clients approaching us for these kinds of big orders in future. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Tarak Patel: 
So, there are three acid recovery plants that are under the commissioning now, there’s one in 
China, there’s one in South Korea, and there’s one in India. These are the three that we’re 
working on. We just commissioned our first asset recovery plant here in India, we actually 
committed or the agreement that we said that we have to give them 80% concentration. And we 
actually crossed that and we are now giving the client 81.6% concentration. So, of course plant 
is up and running, gives us a great example of what we can do with a track record that we have 
created here in India. And hopefully over time we can build on that success and add more 
businesses. So, yes, we have multiple opportunities again that we’re working on. And over time, 
some of these will kind of hopefully convert into actual orders. 
Rohit Ohri: 
So, when we talk about the pie for services systems, do you think the pie will shift more towards 
systems or is it going to be only on the services that you are going to focus? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, currently 60% odd of our revenue is coming from glass line equipment, over time and I am 
not seeing a timeframe right now but in an ideal situation, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, would be an ideal because 
all these businesses have their own sets of pros and cons. Glass line is what we are known for so 
we still need to focus on that and maintain market share. Systems is obviously a much more, I’ll 
say volatile business, you could get five big orders in one month and then not have something 
for six months. So, every business has its own nuances. We have to work around that, over time 
we just want to stabilize the business, we want to make sure that we have a good amount of order 
intake, there always will be ups and downs. But by this strategy of diversification, we kind of 
mitigate some of the risks associated with this. So. it’s really a work in progress we really don’t 
have a specific number in terms of what the ratio should be, but we definitely want systems and 
services to be a much bigger part of the pie than they currently are. 
Rohit Ohri: 
You’re looking at setting up a dedicated engineering center somewhere in India, which will 
probably cater the global business needs. Can you share some more insights on that, some 
numbers on that and how much do you intend to spend on which geography are you looking at? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, the concept of bringing engineering, documentation and the calculation kinds of resources 
to India is ongoing. It is something that’s going to be a game changer in the first year or two, I 
don’t think so. But over time, as an organization we are very much clear that we will have to do 
this, we will have to do a lot of the heavy lifting to India. I don’t think you should really think 
of this as a short-term kind of a play, it’s going to be more long term. It’s not going to be a needle 
mover in terms of improving margins, significant margins today but yet three years, five years 
down the line, it could definitely well be. Also keep in mind their mindset issues, when we move 
stuff from Europe or the US to India, there’s always that difficulty it will take a bit of time. But, 
as management we are quite clear that we have to do this, and we are working on it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amrish, who is an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Amrish: 
I have two questions for Manish one is, if you look at the profit before tax for June last year, it 
was around INR 83.4 versus June this year is around INR 85.8. So, that’s roughly around 3% 
increase. But if the current tax charge have increased from INR 22 crore to INR 36 crore, so if 
you can share some insight in terms of why the 70% increase in the current tax has happened. 
And my second last question is that if you look at the other expense line in the P&L, that’s the 
third largest spent in the P&L after employee payouts and cost of raw material consumed. So, if 
you can share some insights in the top two or top three items which comprise of this other 
expense, and one suggestion probably you may want to think of calling it out separately in the 
P&L one of the top two or top three items in other expense on the face of the P&L rather than 
probably merging it as one line item.  
Manish Poddar: 
Sure so Amrish, the first question on the tax part. So, there was some deferred tax adjustments 
in the international business because of which and that has been happening for if you notice past 
five or six quarters that is how it has been happening in international business because of so 
many geographies there on. So, over a period of time, over a full year period is what probably it 
is more like-to-like comparison and that is where the effective tax rate in the early question of 
supply 27% comes into play. That’s part one, part two on the other expenses, this is more like a 
SEBI format so that’s fair, if we can let see, explore if we can accommodate a few lines into this 
would be, but this all includes your repairs and maintenance, your consumables, your factory, 
travel, legal, professional, all those expenses in the world that the entire SG&A pack as well, 
Tarak Patel:                         but maybe we can look at that and see if there’s any other line item that are significantly good, 
we could look at that, and let’s understand that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Tarak Patel: 
So, thank you everybody. I just have one more kind of point to speak about. I have spoken about 
our mixing business as you know very clearly, we have a very large mixing business in India 
today. INR 150 crores worth of mixing probably the number one mixing company here in India 
called Mixion. We recently acquired Mixel in France, it’s about $12-$13 million company and 
has a facility also in China. So, now we have Mixion in India, Mixel in France and in China. 
And the last piece of the puzzle is actually having something in North America. I have spoken 
about this earlier as well just would like to reiterate that we are now in advanced stages of this 
acquisition. It’s not a very large acquisition but will be perfect for us to complete the global 
footprint. And then like I had mentioned in the past, we would launch a global brand and really 
aim to grow this business significantly over the next three to five years. So, hopefully in the next 
maybe a few months, we should have some kind of decision on this acquisition. And at that point 
in time, we will come back and speak to you more about it and what it means from a growth 
perspective as well as what we are trying to create. Having said that, thank you very much for 
your time, and I look forward to interacting you again in the future. Thank you very much and 
have a good evening. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of GMM Pfaudler Limited that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
