 
   DEPT      :  SECRETARIAL 
 
The South Indian Bank Ltd., Regd. Office: Thrissur, Kerala  
Head Office: S.I.B. House, T.B. Road, P.B. No: 28, Thrissur - 680001, Kerala  
(Tel) 0487-2420 020, (Fax) 91 487-244 2021, e-mail: sibcorporate@sib.co.in  
CIN: L65191KL 1929PLC001017, Toll Free (India) 1800-102-9408, 1800-425-1809 (BSNL) 
www.southindianbank.com 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
SCRIP CODE: SOUTHBANK 
BSE Ltd. 
 
Department of Corporate Services (Listing), 
First Floor, New Trading Wing, 
 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,                            
Dalal Street, Fort,Mumbai – 400 001. 
SCRIP CODE: 532218 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
Sub: Conference call for Investors/Analysts –Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30,46 and all other applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and in continuation of 
our letters SEC/ST.EX.STT/26/2023-24 dated May 9, 2023 and SEC/ST.EX.STT/34/2023-24 dated 
May 12, 2023 we wish to inform you that, the transcript of the conference call for Investors and 
Analysts held on Friday, 12th May, 2023 at 12:00 PM (IST) is attached and made available on the 
Bank’s website at www.southindianbank.com under the following link 
 
https://www.southindianbank.com/userfiles/file/sib_q4-fy22-23_earnings_call_transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
(JIMMY MATHEW) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: as above 
 
REF. No. :   SEC/ST.EX.STT/ 35 /2023-24 
DATE      :   May 17 , 2023 
JIMMY 
MATHEW
Digitally signed by 
JIMMY MATHEW 
Date: 2023.05.17 
17:04:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
“The South Indian Bank Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SALIM GANGADHARAN – CHAIRMAN – THE SOUTH 
INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. MURALI RAMAKRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CEO – THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. THOMAS JOSEPH K– EVP AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
– THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANTO GEORGE T– CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER, HR AND 
OPERATIONS – THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SANCHAY SINHA – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND 
COUNTRY HEAD – THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SONY A– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND CHIEF 
INFORMATION OFFICER –THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MS. BIJI S S– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER – THE SOUTH 
INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SENTHIL KUMAR – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER, 
COLLECTION & RECOVERY – THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MS. CHITHRA H– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND CFO – 
THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED  
 
MS. MINU MOONJELY – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER – THE 
SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD A N– GM & HEAD OF TREASURY – THE SOUTH 
INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. NEHRU SINGH B– GM & HEAD OF POLICY AND 
MONITORING –THE SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
 
  
MODERATOR: 
MR. SREESANKAR R. – INCRED EQUITIES 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the South Indian Bank Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sreesankar R. from InCred Equities. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Sreesankar R. 
Thank you, Ryan. We have great pleasure in hosting the fourth quarter earnings call of South 
Indian Bank. In line with what guidance that South Indian Bank has been giving and from what 
we have seen over the last so many quarters, company has provided an excellent results, and 
congratulations to the management for that.  
We have representing South Indian Bank Mr. Salim Gangadharan, the Chairman; Mr. Murali 
Ramakrishnan, the Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Thomas Joseph, EVP and Chief Business 
Officer; Mr. Anto George, CGM, HR and Operations; Mr. Sanchay Sinha, SGM and Country 
Head, and Ms. Chithra, Senior General Manager and CFO; along with other senior executives 
participating in this call. 
Without much ado, I hand over this call to Mr. Murali Ramakrishnan, the Managing Director 
and CEO of South Indian Bank. Over to you, sir. 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Thank you. Good afternoon to everyone. South Indian Bank Limited Q4 FY '23 earnings 
conference call. We are joined by my colleagues Mr. Thomas Joseph; Mr. Anto George; Mr. 
Sanchay Sinha; Ms. Chithra; Mr. Sony; Ms. Biji; Mr. Senthil Kumar; and also, we have our 
Chief Credit Officer, Minu also on the call and our Treasury Head, Vinod; and our Head of 
Policy and Monitoring, Nehru Singh. All of them are forming the senior management team of 
the bank. 
During this financial, the performance of the bank was an all-round one with key ratios and 
numbers showing a significant improvement from the past few years. This overall improvement 
in the performance was brought by managing both asset and liability portfolio with equal 
importance. While quality and profitability is focused on asset side, pricing of liability portfolio 
is also done in appropriate manner. Both hardening of interest rates and tight liquidity in the 
market has impacted the sector. However, in our case, cost of deposit has been more or less 
stable with a very small hike in fourth quarter. Increase in the yield on investment portfolio also 
helped in NII increase. 
Let me start with the key highlights of performance. For the year ended March '23, bank achieved 
its best ever performance in the following areas: Highest-ever business of INR1,63,743 crores 
in the history of the bank, highest ever net profit of INR 775 crores in the history of the bank, 
highest-ever net interest income of INR3,012 crores in the history of the bank, highest ever 
CRAR of 17.25% and Tier 1 ratio of 14.74% as of March 31, 2023, highest-ever PCR, including 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
write-off of 76.78%, highest NIM of 3.3% in the last 17 years, highest return on assets 0.72% in 
the last 9 years and highest return on  equity of 11.61% in the last 9 years. 
Let me now take you through the financial performance of the bank for this year. Net profit for 
the year stood at INR775 crores as against the profit of INR45 crores during the last financial 
year. Operating profit for the year increased by 21%,from INR1,248 crores in FY '22, to 
INR1,507 crores in FY '23.  
CASA amount increased year-on-year from INR29,601 crores to INR30,227 crores as of March 
'23. CASA ratio stands at 32.98% as against 33.21% year-on-year. There's a marginal dip in 
CASA from 33.21% to 32.98%. Cumulative NIM for the year improved to 3.3% against 2.62% 
on a year-on-year basis. PCR, including write-off, improved by 723 bps year-on-year to reach 
76.78% in FY '23, against 69.55% during FY '22. 
PCR, excluding write-off, improved by 1,385 bps year-on-year to reach 65.12% in FY '23 
against 51.27% during FY '22. I wish to reiterate that PCR excluding write-off improved by 
1,385 bps year-on-year to reach 65.12% in FY '23 against 51.27% during FY '22. Overall gross 
NPA reduced from 5.9% to 5.14% on a year-on-year basis. Net NPA reduced from 2.97% to 
1.86% on a year-on-year basis. 
I'm happy to share that net NPA has come down below 2%, and it's reached at 1.86% for the 
year-end. Significant improvement in ROA at 0.72% for FY '23 as against 0.04% during FY '22 
and ROE at 11.61% against 0.77%. Recovery and upgrades in NPA accounts increased from 
INR1,464 crores in FY '22 to INR1,814 crores in FY '23. 
Continuing our focus on collections, our SMA-2 portfolio has come down by 37% on a year-on-
year basis from INR892 crores to INR559 crores. Built new book of INR41,566 crores from 
October '20 with better underwriting reflecting GNPA close to 0.09% and SMA-2 book at 
0.12%. I again wish to read this because this is 1 of the hallmarks of how we have built our bank, 
built a new book of INR41,566 crores from October 2020 with better underwriting, reflecting in 
GNPA close to 0.09% and SMA-2 book at 0.12%. 
With regard to status of sale of assets to ARCs, we carry a balance SR of INR1,413 crores and 
provision of INR1,247 crores, which is a net SR value outstanding INR165.98 crores. And for 
this year, for the full year, based on aging provision, we have only INR15 crores, which is getting 
matured this year. 
Let me now take you through the performance of the bank for the quarter. Total deposits stood 
at INR91,651 crores. Gross advances stood at INR72,092 crores, CASA stood at INR30,227 
crores. Bank declared a net profit of INR334 crores as against a profit of INR272 crores during 
the corresponding period of the previous year. Operating profit for the fourth quarter increased 
by 95% from INR288 crores in FY '22 to INR562 crores in FY '23. 
NIM for the quarter improved to 3.67% against 2.8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. This is, 
again, something which I wanted to emphasize. NIM for the quarter improved to 3.67% against 
2.8% on quarter-on-quarter basis. Recovery and upgrades NPA accounts increased from INR451 
crores in Q4 FY '22 to INR725 crores in Q4 FY '23. Significant improvement in ROA at 1.26% 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
as against 0.4% and ROE at 20.29% against 6.56% on Q-on-Q basis. This is, again, a significant 
improvement, which I want to register. ROA and ROE, which are significant profitability 
parameters, I'm very happy to share that our ROA for this quarter is at 1.26%. This was 0.4% 
last year for the same quarter. And ROE at 20.29% for this quarter against -- ROE at 20.29% 
against 6.56% on a Q-on-Q basis. 
Let me now take you through other operational and financial performance of the bank -- the total 
business of the bank increased by 8% and stands at 163,743 crores as at March 31, 2023 
Advances grew by 17% YoY to Rs. 72,092 crores backed by total disbursement of INR54,801 
crores during the financial year ended March '23. The details of disbursements are as follows: 
corporate, INR31,344 crores, predominantly A and above-rated corporates; gold INR11,378 
crores; business segment INR7,386 crores; other retail INR4,693 crores, which includes housing 
loan of INR875 crores, PL of INR1,377 crores and other retails of INR2,441 crores. The share 
of A and above-rated large corporates has improved from 89% as at March 31, 2022 to 96% as 
of March 31, 2023. We have nil slippages and SMA-2 in our new Corporate Book. 
We continue to grow our gold loan business. Our disbursement year-on-year was at INR11,378 
crores with an average LTV of 78.03% and a ticket size of about INR1.55 lakh. Gold loan grew 
by 28% year-on-year to INR13,808 crores. Personal loan is another segment where we see good 
traction since the launch of preapproved PL in December 21.  
As of March '23, our PL book has crossed INR1,820 crores. Credit card is another growth area 
which we launched during FY '22. As at March '23, we had issued 2,05,723 credit cards with 
monthly average spend of INR23,480, the total book as of March '23 stood at INR796 crores. 
As far as SME is concerned, we are seeing good uptick in disbursement month on month towards 
the past few quarters. We are cautiously growing the segment with average monthly 
disbursement of more than INR615 crores for the financial year ended March '23 as against an 
average of INR250 crores for the corresponding period last year. 
Coming to liability portfolio, our core deposits grew by 5% year-on-year to INR89,614 crores. 
Bulk deposits declined by 47% year-on-year to INR2,037 crores in line with our strategy. NRI 
deposits continue to be our strength and now stands at INR28,159 crores. It contributes 31% of 
our total deposits. Low-cost NRI deposits stands at INR9,155 crores. The bank saw a robust 
growth of 16% year-on-year in our NRI remittance business. 
Our investment book was at INR26,014 crores, split into HTM of INR19,688 crores and AFS 
and HFT of INR6,326 crores. Last year, Q4, the M duration of the investment book was at 2.91, 
which we cautiously reduced to 2.48 as of March '23. The fresh slippages stood at INR343 crores 
for Q4 FY '23, which was within the overall guidance. The overall restructured book stands at 
INR1,516 crores as of 31st March as against INR2,417 crores during March '22, of which 
business segment is INR786 crores, personal segment is INR279 crores, corporate is INR398 
crores, agri is INR53 crores. This is the breakup of this restructured book, which we are holding, 
which is INR1,516 crores as of March end 2023. 
The bank holds standard asset provision, including standard restructured and FITL of INR534 
crores. As for our guidance, we are able to bring down the GNPA closer to 5% and net NPA 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
below 2% in FY '23. Net interest income for the quarter increased by 43% year-on-year to 
INR857 crores. Our core fee income increased by 10% year-on-year to INR158 crores. Treasury 
profit for the quarter was at INR30 crores, excluding the provision on investments. Overall, 
provisions decreased by 50% year-on-year to INR39 crores in Q4 FY '23. The restriction in 
provisions was mainly due to -- sorry, the reduction in provisions was mainly due to lower 
slippages and better recovery. We are hopeful that the momentum in disbursement and 
collections will continue in the coming quarters to achieve the desired targets. 
So with this, we open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Our first question comes from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI Mutual Funds. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
So my first question was on the yield and the NIM side. So I wanted to understand from the near 
term as well as from a medium to long-term basis. When I see our book, corporate portion is 
increasing. Despite that, we are able to achieve higher NIMs, as well as yields also. In the 
corporate side also typically AAA and AA are gaining share. So, what is driving this incremental 
NIMs? I wanted to understand that? And from a long-term basis, as you had pointed out earlier 
in your con call, that you are not a person who would basically follow x percentage from 
corporate or x percentage from retail. Going forward, how to see these NIMs panning out if 
corporate share increases by a larger extent going forward? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
I'm hearing a lot of cross talk. I don't know whether it is -- Sreesankar, can you take care of that. 
I think I'm not -- there's some cross-talk happening. Now to answer the question, basically, yes, 
you are right that typically large rate -- well-rated corporate demand a very fine pricing. There 
is no taking away of that. So therefore, if you look at the composition of the book, we, of course, 
have well -- I mean, our disbursements have come from all segments. I read out the breakup of 
the disbursements which we have done. So it's across all products, we have done a good 
disbursement.  
Obviously, in the book growth, probably we may not be seeing growth in SME, primarily due 
to the rundowns which are also in excess of the disbursements we do. And also to the -- due to 
the fact that we do some forced exits, the coupons which we don't want to keep it in our book.  
But with regard to NIM, it's a combination of the products which we are currently growing. If 
you look at the products which are growing, gold is growing well for us, PL is growing well for 
us, credit card is growing well for us. SME, we have done the highest of 107% of our targeted 
disbursements. And we have also in corporate, though we have on boarded well-rated corporates, 
there is a continuous effort from the team to improve the NIM, which we get out of the corporate 
segment. 
As I have discussed in the past, the reason behind chasing good corporates is to ensure that we 
not only get credit income for the transactions which we do, but through the relationship, we do 
get lots of other related businesses like vendor financing, dealer financing, retail funding to the 
corporate employees, etcetera. So overall, when we look at the corporate exposure, we look at 
not just the credit income, but we look at the ROE coming from the entire corporate relationship 
and since these corporates are well-rated corporates, obviously, it helps us in very less capital 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
provisioning allocated to do this, and therefore, ROE for this book is pretty good. That is on one 
side. 
On the other side, if you look at -- retail book is growing, where particularly unsecured which is 
still today 3% of my book, I have a good runway to grow the book. Therefore, to give you 
guidance on NIM, our incremental NIM for the Q4 was 3.67%, whereas the bank NIM as of 
March end was 3.3% as against my guidance of 3.2%. Next year, our target is to reach 3.5% for 
the bank, which I'm sure we'll be able to reasonably manage given the fact that our incremental 
limit is well above 3.5% now. 
But we expect that some amount of repricing will happen in the liability side, though we have 
done a little bit of repricing in Q4 which we started doing in Q3, and we have done a little more 
in Q4. So they are very tightly managing our ALCO, I mean -- asset and liability match and 
ensuring that we don't overprice our liabilities. At the same time, we are not losing any of our 
customers. And on the other asset side, we are continuously engaging to pass on the increase in 
cost. As you must have seen, there's almost 2.5% increase in the repo rate over the last 12 
months. 
And constant effort has been put in by every business team to pass on this increase in interest  
rates across the various customers. So, with this combination of managing our tight asset and 
liability and ensuring that the pricing is reasonably done across all segments and with the 
anticipated growth which we are hoping to do of 10% to 12% to 13% growth in asset, I'm sure 
that with a focus on quality continuing, we'll be able to meet up with the requirement on NIM. 
That's the -- anything else I have left out, please ask again. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
A follow-up on this. As you said, the repricing liability has started. So I wanted to understand 
on the asset side as well as liability side, what portion is repriced on the newer rates and what 
percentage is yet to be repriced. Any color on that? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Yes. See, I'll give you a couple of data points, I think, which hopefully helps you to make out 
what we are doing. So our weighted average residual maturity of fixed deposit as of March end 
is 1.24 years, and weighted average original maturity was 2.17 years. So we are obviously 
continuously repricing the deposits that are coming for maturity. And we are also very, very 
clear that we don't want to across the board, increase the deposit rates. We are looking at where 
it makes sense for us to increase deposit rates. And weighted average cost of term deposits 
outstanding as of 31st March is 6.24%. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
And what percentage would be repriced to this number, say, 1.2 years is weighted average 
duration? I believe we are already since September or maybe the rates have started a steep 
increase. So probably 6 months down the line. So 60% to 70% is repriced to newer rates? Is the 
understanding right? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
You can't really put it as 60%, 70% because we started actually repricing probably from 
November onwards, November, December onwards. So I can probably in the investor 
presentation, we have shown, how our deposit rates have moved up. Maybe you can refer to that. 
But just to quickly touch upon that, I'll tell you.  

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
See, we have been continuously degrowing our bulk deposits, which used to be at about 
INR10,874 crores which came down -- I mean, in '19, '20, that stands at INR2,037 crores as of 
2023. And as far as the deposit rate is concerned, our cost of deposit as of Q4 of FY '22 was 4.54 
last year fourth quarter. This year, first quarter, it was 4.35; second quarter, it was 4.23; third 
quarter, it was 4.27; and fourth quarter, it was 4.55.  
So, if you look at the delta between Q3 to Q2, delta is 4 basis points and between Q4 to Q3, the 
delta is 28 basis points. So you can see that the overall increase is happening, probably from the 
month of -- as I said, from the month of October, November. So probably we can say that 64% 
of our deposits have been repriced. 
Nilesh Jethani:  
And one last question from my side on the cost-to-income. So if you see the quarterly trends, 
the cost to income has been very volatile. So I wanted to understand from a steady-state basis, 
what are we aspiring to as far as the costs are concerned going forward in absolute terms? And 
where do you see this cost-to-income stabilizing probably from a one year down the line? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
See, frankly, cost-to-income, you must have seen the volatility only because of the extraordinary 
INR312 crores of provisioning, which we had to do because of SRs in Q3. Otherwise, it's been 
a steady trend. See, we are currently at about 60%. Cost-to-income ratio for us is at 60%. It's a 
continuous effort. I think this probably will start improving once we our treasury also starts 
contributing a lot more than what it is doing today.  
And with the fact that overall NIM is also going to go up and provisioning, hopefully will 
continue to stay the way it is, then you'll probably see this coming down. Aspirationally, we 
would want to be reaching 55% because currently, we are at 60%, probably would want to reach 
55% at least by December quarter. And then we will aim to reach below 50% by next June 
quarter -- around that time. 
Moderator:  
Our next question comes from the line of Prashant Kumar with Sunidhi Securities and Finance 
Limited. 
Prashant Kumar: 
Sir, my question is on provisioning side. The banks saw a very low provision coverage is a write-
off like 30% or even lower level. And from there a phenomenal improvement has been done to 
around 65% right now. So, I just wanted to know, sir, about buffer provisioning, which is not 
calculated in PCR, like floating provision, standard asset provision or provision against 
standards assets if it is readily available? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Sorry, your voice was not very -- too very clear, but your question is on -- PCR excluding 
writeoff  has improved from to 65%. So your question is on how much provision are we holding 
on standard assets, etcetera? Is that the question? 
Prashant Kumar: 
I just wanted to know our buffer provisioning, which is not included in like -- yes, on -- like 
provision on the standard asset -- or provision on standard asset or floating provision? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
See frankly, we are in the process of improving our PCR. As I said, we wanted to reach a 
milestone of 70% excluding write-off provisioning coverage ratio. Therefore, to some extent, 
we have been providing in order to improve our overall ratio. So this time also, we have provided 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
extra INR25 crores to improve our PCR to 65%. The plan is to take it to 70% in the coming year. 
And hopefully, we want aspirationally to reach 70% plus by the end of this year. 
Moderator:  
Our next question comes from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Umang Shah: 
Congratulations on a very good quarter. Sir, I have got 3 questions. One is I just wanted to 
understand what makes us so confident to improve our margins next year. Now I understand 
mathematically given that our incremental spreads and margins are higher compared to our own 
book spreads or margins. But I believe next year, the ask for liability growth will also inch up 
right, given the fact that our LDRs have significantly expanded in FY '23, which means that we 
will have to start focusing on deposit growth in a much focused way.  
So how should we look at this whole equation about expanding margins and probably looking 
at deposit growth, which will be similar to our loan growth guidance of about 10%, 12%? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Yes. Let me first start by saying that we are -- the way we manage liquidity, -- the way we 
manage liability is basically based on 2 guidance ratios. One is our CD ratio, the other one is 
LCR. And we also want to be sure that we have enough liquidity to meet up with our growth 
requirement. 
As I'm telling you, our advances growth, which we are planning to do for the coming year is 
around 12% kind of growth, 12% to 13% kind of growth. And we also -- you must have seen 
the proportion of our corporate book also carries to some extent a portion of our short-term loan, 
which is about currently, on an average, it's about 12% to 15%. So this is something which keep 
coming back because these are all done at 90 days and 30 days and 60 days kind of thing for a 
well-rated corporate. And we are continuously riding on to the increase in interest rates by 
whenever it comes for renewal again.  
So that is something which will keep our liquidity in a good position. And I'm fairly sure that 
the NIM will go up due to the fact that our -- we still have other products which are firing now, 
like SME will be definitely turning around this year for growth. And we are also looking at home 
loan to grow this year. We are looking at personal loan to be grown this year. We are looking at 
credit card to be grown this year. We're also planning to launch some of the retail products like 
commercial vehicle, construction equipment, loan against shares. And we are also looking at -- 
we have started actually -- already started the auto loan for open market.  
And all these businesses, when we can source these businesses digitally, and when we have a 
digital fulfillment, that is clearly scope for us to charge reasonable rates, which are not unfair to 
the customer and not unfair to the bank. So I believe that given the fact that our unsecured is still 
about 3% of our book and there is good space available, I think we will continuously grow all 
the businesses, depending on where the quality is coming from with a very tight focus on how 
we manage our liquidity, our ratios and our CD ratio.  
It is -- I'm not saying it's going to be easy. But I feel that since the rates have started moving up, 
every quarter, this question has been asked, and we have been continuously communicating that 
we are managing it very, very closely, and it is in my radar, and we hold at least 2 to 3 ALCOs 
every month to have a very tight leash on this. We continue to do that. I think it will take efforts, 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
but then it's worth taking that effort to ensure that our NIMs are reaching the level which we are 
committing. So we are currently at 3.3. We would -- we are looking at surpassing 3.5 for the 
coming year. 
Umang Shah: 
Sir, the other question was on our other income. Even that has been fairly strong. Is there any 
element of cross-sell income into this? Or what is leading to this healthy growth? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Other income, of course, cross-sell is definitely one of the important components for us because 
we have -- as you know, that Banca now we are permitted to have more than 3 Banca partners 
also. So we are continuously increasing our insurance cross-sell income, especially in life, we 
have done very well. And we are also now we have started seeing good traction happening even 
in general insurance. This is on one side.  
Second is, you know that we have a -- now the retail products have kicking up, we have a good 
scope to charge fee because some -- and SME also, we have started charging a processing fee, 
etcetera, which is with the disbursements going up in those products. Certainly, we can -- we 
also can look at some of the cross-sell opportunities available there.  
And apart from all these, other income is that -- yes, the other income is the technology-related 
income. I mean, where we are talking about the ATM and other commissions which we get, 
which -- that also is 1 of the components. But we have given a detailed breakup in our investor 
presentation. You can probably have a look at them. So definitely insurance commission is one 
and sale of investments is one. 
Credit card income, and that's again something which has been clubbed into noninterest income. 
But again, as you know, we have a very good tie-up with FPL who is our credit card co-branding 
partner. And there, we are seeing good traction happening. We have issued more than 2 lakh 
cards now, and it is only expected to grow further in the coming years. So since all these are 
recurring income and recurring nature of income, we believe that we'll be able to continue to 
sustain this. 
One other component here is the amount recovered from written off accounts that we are 
combining under noninterest income. With the collection actually doing quite well, we have 
collected and upgraded INR1,800 crores this year. And we hope that for the coming year, this 
year also, we are setting up a similar target, though -- I'm giving a guidance of INR1,500 crores 
slippage for the full year. We expect the collections to continue to be doing well this year, too. 
So with all this, we believe that it's a sustainable income which appear in noninterest income. 
Umang Shah: 
And sir, the last question from my end was on the ROA guidance. So clearly, we are kind of 
overshooting on our ROA guidance, right? So on a overall bank level, given that our fourth 
quarter exit ROA were about 1.26%, should we assume that in FY '24 itself we should be 1% 
plus ROA? Earlier, we had guided for touching that 1%-plus ROA number sometime in FY '25, 
but do you really think that it's possible to kind of exceed that in FY '24 itself? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Yes, that's the plan. In our original vision plan, we said that we will reach 1% ROA by FY '24 -
- March '24. Our endeavor will be to reach that. And obviously, though we said that the entire 
goalpost, we have moved it by 1 year. But with respect to ROA and ROE, we would want to 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
reach that milestone. Of course, it's going to take a lot of effort from our team, but we will 
definitely endeavor to each 1% ROA by March '24. 
Moderator:  
Our next question comes from the line of Pujan Shah from Congruence Advisers. Please go 
ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, in this quarter, we have seen that there is some branch expansion as well as we have seen 
that there is a degrowth in the employee number. So are we restructuring the employee 
structuring? And how is this going on because some of the branch expansion is there and as well 
as employees decreasing? I'm not getting that point. 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
No, branch expansion, see, frankly, we have not gone about as a strategy to expand our branch 
network. What we are trying to do is we are doing some kind of reorganizing some of the 
branches which are probably very close to each other, especially in places like Kerala and Tamil 
Nadu, where we are predominantly present. There are branches which are very close to each of 
them and therefore, the customer segment can very well be met with -- the needs of the customer 
can be very well met with 1 branch. 
So wherever we are doing such consolidation, the license gets released and that license we are 
using it for places where we are not represented today. So to that extent, we are seeing some 15 
to 20 branches getting opened in unrepresented areas, like we have done in Ahmedabad, we have 
done it in Kolkata, we have done it in Chennai, we have done it in a few other places. Where we 
are not represented today, we are trying and opening branches so that it helps us to beef up our 
business. So this is on the branch opening. 
So as a strategy, we haven't really embarked on spending out that we would want to open 100 
branches or 200 branches in a year. That probably will start doing once we completely get our 
digital action in place and see how the traction is happening in digital. Once we get a good 
understanding of that, we will then see the need for having a brick-and-mortar office anywhere 
in the country, and that's probably when we'll spell out how much -- how many branches do we 
want to open. 
With regard to employees, see our -- probably the number which are seeing as coming down, in 
my view, is also due to some of the part-time employees who are associated with the bank. We 
count them as employees, and after their part-time gets over, they move out of the roles. To that 
extent, this number can be a little volatile. But as a philosophy, we are continuously growing in 
all our businesses. We are continuously recruiting people. We are recruiting people at all levels, 
and we are also recruiting people at senior levels to fill up some of the skill sets which we need 
for the kind of business which we want to embark on. So this is broadly how I would want to 
answer this. As such, these numbers shouldn't really bother you because this is due to the fact 
that some of these part-time employees moving out of the roles. 
Pujan Shah: 
And my second question would be on the more than INR100 crores book. So as we have seen 
that we have grown almost double in the INR100 crores order book, and we also know that we 
are building a AAA+ corporate book and above that. So all -- every franchisee would be -- will 
be competing with this stuff? So are we sacrificing some yield on that some for the short term 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
because we are yielding their employees and all other upselling and cross-selling their 
employees with a better yield? So are we seeing any trajectory of sacrificing on yield on a short-
term basis which can be kind of improvement on the upselling basis? So as it -- am I 
understanding the strategy as correct? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Your understanding is partially correct to the fact that what you are saying is actually factual 
that well rated corporates typically demand very fine rates. To that extent, probably people might 
be thinking that we are there compromising on rate. This, I don't think 1 should look at as a 
compromise. One should look as building the basic quality of a book should have AAAs and 
AAs. Therefore, this is a need for any institution to build a strong fundamental. 
Therefore, I would probably continue to be focusing on building the fundamentals, which are 
well-rated corporates, should be forming part of our book. In fact, if you recall the history of the 
bank in -- way back in 2015 and before, we have had a concentration risk in terms of higher 
exposures to corporates. But some of them were on not probably very well-rated corporates. But 
now we are very consciously choosing the corporate who we want to deal with, and we are 
ensuring that we lend money to those corporates which are very well rated, and which have a 
track record of performing well even in adverse situations. That is number one. 
Number two, when we are looking at corporates, we are obviously, as I said earlier in one of the 
answers that we are not just looking at the credit related income of the corporate. We are looking 
at what are the benefits we can get. And some of these relationships probably will start with the 
short-term exposure to corporates and some of them probably would be even outside of 
consortium because this is how corporates also sort of leverage or arbitrage their interest 
opportunities. Therefore, -- the moment you start engaging with the customer, the customer gets 
to understand you and you understand the customer. 
That's when we'll be pitching in for being part of the consortium. And I'm happy to say that we 
have had some success in this area too, where we are now becoming part of the consortium. And 
another important thing is whenever such corporates want to raise money. Today, we do get an 
opportunity to bid for those deals, which probably wasn't there earlier because these corporates 
were not looking at South Indian Bank as 1 of their banking partners. So this is the aspect on 
how we are looking at the corporate as a whole. 
But having said that, I must share with you that corporate NIMs, if I were to look at corporate 
banking NIM alone, this is 1 of the few businesses where we are actually seeing delta NIM going 
up much better than delta of other businesses. So let me reiterate what I'm saying. Yes, you are 
right that corporate NIMs will be generally low. So we were also at a low level when we are 
trying to get traction into these corporates. So it was at about 1.5% to 1.8% kind of NIM, which 
we're experiencing about 12 to 13 months back. 
But very conscious effort has been made by the team in deepening their relationship with all 
these corporates and with the hardening of rates happening in the market, in every quarter end 
the delta increase is happening. The NIM in the corporate book is really praiseworthy because 
if you look at the delta, though other base could be high for a personal loan or base could be 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
high for SME. But the delta which we can get from, compared to those, I think we have got a 
much better delta in corporate. 
This is basically to say that our traction is -- our strategy is working quite well. We are not 
compromising on yield at all. We are getting into relationship with them, and we are using that 
relationship to better our NIMs across them. I mean, having said that, large corporate book as it 
stands today, it's at about 95% of them are A rated and above. As we probably see our 
competency getting built in our teams, we will start -- probably start looking at the BBB+ kind 
of corporates also going forward. And we have not really touched too much of mid-corporates, 
that's 1 area where we will start focusing. 
So all this would only help us to build the overall profitability coming out of the corporate 
business. And I am happy to say that the quality of this book is impeccably clean. We don't even 
have any account of SMA-2 or in NPA in the newly built corporate book. 
Pujan Shah: 
 
Okay. So any time line when we start for BBB or that type of corporate because... 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
There is no time line. We are already sourcing. It is that we would look for a benchmark of 
quality. If it meets up with our quality, we onboard them. If we don't -- if it doesn't, we are not 
going to be sweating to go and chase BBB and wanting to show some BBB composition. But if 
it's good, we'll definitely lend them. 
Pujan Shah: 
And sir, 1 last question. We are heading a data science team. So who is heading that team? And 
how has this been evolving? How many people have been engaged into this team? 
Ramakrishnan:  
Yes. I don't think I want to name a person who is heading it, but just to suffice to say that the 
person who is heading it has got more than 20-plus years of experience in data science -- data 
analytics. And this is a fairly large team in the sense that large for a bank of this size. And we 
are engaged in liability analytics, asset analytics, collection analytics. And in fact, we are also -
- in some areas, we are also engaging with some of the outsourcing partners who have expertise 
in certain areas, and we are making use of them also by way of short-term assignment. 
So this is -- this business -- this division is adding a lot of value because using this, we are 
actually getting a lot more insights about the way we are improving the quality of our liability 
customers. We want to increase the quality of our asset customers. What kind of -- some of the 
predictive analytics which we are doing to figure out who are the customers who are going to 
keep funds with us, who are the customers who are planning to take out funds. Who are they 
likely -- what is the next likely product for such customers? 
How collection can be enhanced -- collection efficiency can be enhanced by two predictive 
analytics on who would require a physical follow-up, who would requires just a telephonic 
follow-up. I mean all these are insights which we are continuously getting from this team doing 
extensive analytics. I think we'll continue to -- we are still, I would say, 40% of that, I would 
want this division to be. 
We have started now using a lot of -- developing a lot of vintage curves to do the reviews of 
various portfolio. As it becomes a full-fledged division, I'm sure all our reviews and all our 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
strategies for growing business will be born out from the insights which we'll get from the data 
analytics team. 
Moderator: 
 
Our next question comes from the line of Shrijan Sinha from Future Generali Life Insurance. 
Shrijan Sinha: 
Yes, sir, I have three quick questions. One is on the tax rate. This quarter, and in fact, this year 
itself, tax rate has been on the higher side for most of the quarter. What explains that? 
Ramakrishnan:  
See, we are continuing to -- we have not gone in for the lower corporate tax. So -- as I see, the 
effective tax rate for us for this year was 30%, if we include MAT credit it is 16%. See, basically, 
we still have some of our old MAT credits available and we are continuously making -- I mean, 
wherever we need to proceed on an appeal to recover those, we are continuing to take the tapers. 
And you must have seen some of the quarters where we have got some positives coming out of 
that. So our endeavor is to exhaust that before we switch over to the alternate tax regime. 
Srijan Sinha: 
And FY '24, we expect our effective tax rate to be closer to… 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Maybe FY '25. Maybe. Not in this year. 
Srijan Sinha:  
Okay. Sir, my second question is on other income. Was there any 1 lumpy account in -- I mean, 
in terms of recoveries from the written of account in the other income? And how would the 
quantum be? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
See, lumpy accounts, meaning, see, if you're talking about amount 
written-off since recovered, which is what probably you are referring to lumpy. See, we must 
remember that when -- you must remember that we still carry a GNPA of close to INR3,400 
crores, INR3,500 crores plus kind of GNPA. Our GNPA is still at about 5.2%. So there are 
accounts, big accounts which are still lying there and where there are constant efforts being put 
in and so you know that it's all based on how soon the legal processes happen. So while we are 
not counting on any of them to certify in our estimation of our profitability or profits or any of 
those. However, if it happens, yes, we -- it's a good sign for us, good thing for us because that 
would be an additional thing, which probably would come as a surprise to the -- our stakeholders. 
So in some quarters, you get the benefit; some quarters, you may not get the benefit. So we are 
not really counting on them to really project our profitability 
 
Srijan Sinha: 
No. So my question was more with respect to Q4. Have we seen any large recoveries taking 
place in the... 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Yes. We had recovery from Syntex. That was 1 of the large accounts. 
Srijan Sinha:  
 
And how big would that be? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
We got -- we had recovered about INR140 -- INR128 crores or something like that. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
Srijan Sinha:  
Okay. Fair enough. Sir, my third question is on your capital adequacy. Given the fact that you 
have declared a dividend this year, is that a signal that you're not likely to hit the markets in FY 
'24 and you are adequately capitalized? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
No. Let me put it this way. 17.25%, yes, we are very happy about the capital adequacy being 
17.25% and Tier 1 at about 14% plus. But having said that, as you know, capital is something 
which we need to be constantly looking at, even the opportunity which can come in the market. 
Though we are articulating that we would want to grow our asset book by 12%, but if there is 
an opportunity coming which you want to tap, probably we would go for growing much more 
than what we are telling. 
In which case, we might need to look for capital raising opportunity also. But having said that, 
are we in a dire need to raise capital immediately? The answer is no. But will we be looking at 
raising capital very carefully? The answer is yes. 
In the quarter, we'll definitely look at -- based on the internal accruals which get generated in 
the quarter, we will -- our capital infusion committee, it's a committee of the Board will convene 
and we will discuss about how we are looking at the quarters going forward? And what kind of 
things which we are looking at in terms of our capital adequacy movement. And then we will 
decide on quantum route and what kind of issue we want to have. 
Having said that, there are a couple of things which I also want to -- probably which I covered 
in my earlier call also. There are some Tier 2 bonds, etcetera, which we still carry. And whenever 
we feel that there is a requirement to pay them off, that again something which we would be 
contemplating as we move forward. And in which case, probably we might need to -- because 
today the dependence on Tier 2 definitely has come down. Our Tier 1 is still at a sufficient 14%-
plus in an overall capital adequacy of 17.25%. So as the dependence on Tier 2 comes down, we 
will also probably want to pay back whichever can be paid back by the bank. That call also we'll 
take as we go along. 
Srijan Sinha:  
Okay. And sir, finally, where are we in terms of your succession planning? How soon arewe 
likely to hear the name of your successor? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
Sorry, I didn't understand. 
Srijan Sinha:  
I mean where are we in terms of your succession planning? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I would like my Chairman to answer this question because he is also with me. 
Salim Gangadharan: 
The Board has appointed a search committee immediately after hearing from Murali's intention 
not to continue beyond September 2023. The search committee has already looked at the profile 
of  few candidates, and we are in the process of narrowing down to a few and moving to the next 
direction. So once we finalize the successor, what we are planning is to move to Reserve Bank 
of India, 4 months in -- 4 months ahead of the incumbent vacancy for their approval. That is a 
regulatory requirement. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
We are also concurrently trying to have the RBI approval earlier and having the new MD and 
CEO to be concurrently running with Mr. Murali a few -- 1 or 2 months, so that the new 
incumbent will have a greater understanding of the bank, the financials, the policies, the people, 
and the processes and the technology, everything. So that the takeover of the new incumbent on 
1st of October 2023 will be seamless. That is what we did with Mr. Murali Ramakrishnan as 
well in the past. 
Srijan Sinha: 
Okay. So most likely, we are going to see an internal candidate or an external candidate? 
Salim Gangadharan: 
We are not specific to internal or external. We want the best man to be on the helm of the bank 
asMD and CEO. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sheel Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sheel Shah: 
On the team side, are we expecting any exit or additions at top management? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No. We have not had any exits in top management even in the past. So we don't expect any exits. 
All our senior executives today are banking veterans with more than 20 years' plus experience. 
Sheel Shah: 
I missed, but what was credit cost guidance for FY '24. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Credit cost for FY '24. We are -- we expect it around two to my slippage is going to be around 
INR1,500 crores for the full year, and I'm expecting my credit cost to be somewhere around 2%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pallavi Deshpande with Sameeksha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to understand what would be the size of the written-off book because we're having 
these recoveries? So what's the total size of the written-off book? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
The size of the written off book, I think we may not have the ready data with us. We'll probably 
get back to you on that. Currently, we don't have. We will get back to you. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And sir, you mentioned earlier about on the digital plan, right? So once you have that whole 
architecture in place, you can be more aggressive on the loans. So when do we expect to have 
this digital piece falls fully in place? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. See, let me first rephrase your question. We don't want to be aggressive in anything. We 
want to be sensible. Even if you are doing digital, we'll be doing a sensible business because 
never do we want to compromise on quality. That is one. Second, actually, it's not that we are 
going to start by announcing a particular date. Actually, the -- if you look at the infrastructure 
needed for a digital business, first it's a platform. We already have a retail platform, which is 
now commissioned now. 
Now we have started actually onboarding home loan LAP cases and PL using the platform. So 
now this has been rolled out in four zones now, four regions now. Probably, we will then now 
scale it up to the entire country. And with that, what we expect to see is the turnaround time will 
become faster. And we also feel that to be -- because of our lead sourcing also linked to the 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
platform, we will be able to source digital -- we can probably source digitally across the country 
for any of these products. So that's the way -- that's the infrastructure which is needed for that, 
which is well in place now. 
As far as SME is concerned, we've already gone in for a platform, and that platform is likely to 
be commissioned by first quarter end or maybe early second quarter. And the advantage is that 
for both for home loan, personal loan, as well as for SME, our BRE is already available. Our 
credit model is already available. So it's just a question of hooking the credit model into the 
platform, and we can seamlessly do the transaction. So -- so SME, we will start completely 
digital -- doing digital fulfillment maybe starting from second quarter onwards once it gets 
commissioned. Obviously, once it gets commissioned, we'll probably roll out in few regions to 
start with. -- understand how it's behaving, and then we'll roll it out for the country. So this is 
how we have plans towards digital. 
So when I talked about brick-and-mortar, that's when I said about digital that we would want to 
probably onboard some of these products to see how the traction is happening. And we also want 
to increase the products suite which we can do through the digital, especially Nucleus, we can 
start doing our LAS business also through digital. We'll also want to do auto finance business, 
for which we need a credit model to be built in place. We have just initiated that. Once that 
comes into place, we will probably start offering even auto through digital platform. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So this doesn't have anything to do with fintechs, right? Any partnerships with fintech also -- 
this would be our own sourcing. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
These platforms we have bought it for our own thing. It's not a tie-up with anybody as of now. 
But of course, you have fintechs for -- like credit card relationship is a fintech. -- where the entire 
fulfillment happens digitally, and it is happening digitally because we have a tie-up with the 
FPL. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jai with ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai: 
Sir, I was just referring to your guidance on credit cost. So I was just wondering that how does 
this tie-up with your ambition of 1% ROA. This year, we have credit cost in absolute terms, 
provisions at around INR400 crores. And next year, you are saying that 2% kind of a credit cost 
is possible. Then how would you achieve the 1% ROA ambition? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, I'll tell you, this year, if you look at my provisioning cost, it's about INR627 crores for this 
full year. Okay? And this is purely on loan loss provisioning. Then we have some provisioning 
write-back from the restructured and FITL book. And then there is a -- so added -- both added 
together, we are at INR503 crores. Then there is a provision for SR, which we did last time as a 
one-off provisioning, which we did, which was INR312 crores. Overall, SR -- towards SR we 
provide for INR374 crores. So cumulatively, we have provided it for FY 2023, INR877 crores. 
So this INR877 crores on advances of INR72,092 works out to credit cost of 1.22% for FY '22-
'23. 
If you look at similar breakup for this year, our endeavor is to -- as again INR877 crores, which 
I talked about, I would probably try to restrict it to INR650 crores. That's my plan. Probably I'll 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
have positive surprise there, but probably the outer limit, I would want to keep it at INR650 
crores. So when we are trying to grow the book to INR83,500 crores, this is the stated asset 
growth which we want to have, probably we are looking at the credit cost of 0.75% kind of level 
for the coming year. This is based on the provisioning. 
So ROA, the way I go about this, we will -- we have seen our incremental ROA for the Q4 was 
well above 1. And with the fact that new products, which we are going to add -- which we are 
going to be sort of growing, not new products, sorry, the business which we will be growing, we 
are going to see decent growth coming in all these products which are generally high-yielding 
products. Like if you look at PL, we can grow, we have room for growth. We have credit card, 
there is clear room for growth. And we are talking about a couple of credit card allied products 
which we can offer in credit card itself. Then we are looking at growing gold. We are looking at 
ramping up our auto loan and home loan. 
Obviously, we were going very slow on mortgages. Now -- with a little bit of comfort now, we 
can start looking at growing our mortgage business. See, all these businesses, I'm sure you know 
that NIMs in this business are upwards of 7% to 8%. These are the NIMS available. Deliberately, 
we were not really growing them much in the past because I wanted to get the credit equation 
right. I wanted to improve our PCR. I wanted to bring down the net NPA. 
Now it's a bit of room available, we can certainly grow these businesses, again, without 
forgetting quality as an underlying parameter. So there's a little bit of maybe a bit of correction 
in my number. Credit cost, I said 2%. Basically, it will be probably anywhere between 1% to 
1.25%. 1.25%, you can take it as a number. 
Jai: 
Right. So credit cost is unchanged and then margin should hopefully rise. And, sir, on your -- 
the margin rise is predicated on your higher growth in the higher-yielding portfolio which you 
will launch or you will accelerate the run rate? But these products are also high touch cost-
intensive, right, credit card, PL and we will also have to put in some investment as you ramp up 
these businesses. So in your opex growth, how do you see the opex growth on -- for FY '24? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
The credit card, as you know, we have a partnership with a co-branding partner. Therefore, 
today, they involve -- our relationship, our agreement with them is basically on two counts: one 
is policy which we prescribe and second one is the funds which we provide to them. So with 
respect to every other investment, they've already done those investments, and we have already 
started issuing cards, and we are currently at about 2 lakh plus cards. Even with a very 
conservative estimate, we expect the next year, even if it is as good as this year, we would expect 
the cards to be another 1.5 lakh cards to be issued in the coming year. 
So there, if you look at it, based on the agreement which we have with them, we expect the ROA 
coming out of this product to be easily in terms of -- easily in the tune of 3% kind of ROA. For 
all of the products, we, frankly -- already, we have a digital -- complete digital fulfillment in PL. 
And we've already gone in for a platform for retail. We've already gone in for a platform for 
SME. So in any of these products which we are wanting to do, we already have invested. So 
therefore, in my view, the delta which should come for ramping up the growth of these 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
businesses will have to come from the manpower costs, probably which we may have to a bit 
increase because some of these businesses require lot of outsourcing to be done. 
So DST cost, DMA cost will be there. Some of them will involethe payout, which we might 
have to do to the dealership for the builders arrangement. Those could be the marginal cost, 
which can come. But anyway, all this will be factored in our pricing. 
So I don't really believe that we need to really go and set up something to really ramp-up these 
businesses. We are already having the basic -- I mean, fairly good infrastructure in place. It's 
just a question of accelerating that. 
Jai: 
No. But sir, I was asking, if we have seen this, as you said, that you will need to have sourcing, 
higher sourcing costs for DSA and all these things. So what I wanted to know is, what could be 
the opex growth that we are building in because it could be a very opex-intensive business, at 
least these are new businesses. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, we'll have to take it as it comes. Let me -- the way we go about any of these businesses, 
basically, we draw a business plan. We clearly draw out the expenses. We clearly draw out the 
-- every line item. And also, we look at ROE coming out of that. And so all these businesses, 
each of the business serve a certain purpose. So we will -- I mean, like the way we are -- the 
advantage is that when we are corrected, many of these businesses, which had lots of corrections 
to be done when we can get them right, I'm sure when we are launching, we can get those 
equations right. And this business is not something which we are going to be doing for the first 
time. We understand this business very well, and we'll put in place whatever is needed to be 
done.  
So I don't think we need to unduly worry about phenomenal increase in ops cost. If it's there, 
we'll have to take correction and we'll have to suitably tweak our strategy to ensure that, because 
these businesses serve a certain purpose. When you are looking at growing our personal loan, 
there are a lot of new-to-bank customers who might come in, there is a cross-sell opportunity. 
When you're looking at credit card, there are allied credit card products, which we can offer, 
PLCC and those kind of products which we can offer. And, again, we can use these new-to-bank 
customers for cross-selling other products.  
So there are multiple benefits coming out of these business -- growing these businesses. So we 
will definitely look at all those benefits also when we are factoring the ROE coming out of this 
business and ops cost, which will be incurred for these businesses. 
Jai: 
Sure, sir. And there was -- so there was an observation from last year annual report FY '22 that 
for the FY '22, we had not granted any ESOPs to the management, risk taker and control function 
staff, at which we need to value on the fair value. So I wanted to check, sir, for FY '23, what is 
the status? Have we given ESOPs to, let's say, the senior management because? There was no 
ESOPs to FY '22. So I just wanted to check what is the status for FY '23? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. It's a good question. So what we have decided this year is that the variable which we'll be 
paying for -- which we have paid actually for all the employees, for those employees who had a 
certain band of salaries and above, we have given them 90% of the variable pay in the form of 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
cash and 10% of the variable pay we are giving in the form of ESOPs. This is what we have 
done. And so this year, probably we will see a change in the way we come out -- give our annual 
-- what we'll be writing in our annual report because there is a plan to issue ESOPs to the entire 
workforce, probably barring those who are sub-staff and those kind of employees. 
Jai: 
 
 
Right. And last, data keeping question, sir... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
And also, who are currently drawing very low salary levels, I mean, relatively at low salary 
levels, for them, it doesn't make sense to give them ESOPs. That probably we'll be giving them 
as -- we have already given them as the cash, whatever is the incentive. 
Jai: 
Right. And last data keeping question, sir. If you have the recovery and write-off number for 
fourth quarter separately, yes. And maybe for full year. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Recovery -- from write-off, I mean... 
Jai: 
No. So in the movement of NPA, how much has been the write-off for fourth quarter and full 
year? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Give me a minute. See, for Q4, we had a slippage of INR343 crores, which is something I'm 
sure you would have noted it down. And our GNPA recovery in fourth quarter is INR451 crores. 
This just to give you for the previous quarters, it was INR234 crores in Q1, recovery, I'm talking 
about, INR234 crores in Q1; INR291 crores in Q2; INR319 crores in Q3 and INR451 crores in 
Q4... 
Jai: 
 
 
This does not include the recovery from TW, right? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Write-off, just to give you write off numbers, INR68 crores in Q1, INR22 crores in Q2, INR25 
crores in Q3 and INR43 crores in Q4. So we started the year with a GNPA of INR3,648 crores, 
which became INR3,799 crores at the end of Q1, which dropped to INR3,856 crores end of Q2, 
then -- sorry, increased, and then it was INR3,844 crores, almost at the same level in Q3. We are 
currently closing at INR3,708 crores. This INR3,708 crores is 5.14% of my book. This, we want 
to bring it down to 4.5% by next year. 
Jai: 
 
 
Okay. And any guidance on the net NPA, sir? I mean we are slightly... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. Net NPA, we are currently at 1.86%. We want to bring it below 1.5%. 
Jai: 
So sir, it looks like that we are estimating that the recovery will further -- will keep outpacing 
the slippages for '24 as well, right? Because -- you are saying that net NPA will also decline by 
100 basis points without -- with the same commensurate credit cost. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Correct. Yes, that's what we are hoping, yes. 
Jai: 
 
 
Thank you sir, and all the best. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Thank you. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rakesh Kumar with B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, hi. Thank you. sir. My first question is basically on the risk weight density like there has 
been quite a lot of fall that we have seen on a consistent basis. So like apart from the rise in the 
PCR and change in loan composition in favor of gold loan book, what else is helping risk weight 
density number to come down? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, I would say that risk weight density has come predominantly because we have chosen 
quality as the underlying factor across all businesses. So when you are actually churning your 
portfolio with the high-quality assets, clearly, your risk weight density will be coming down. So 
this was -- in 2017, '18, I have the figures for the last six years, 2017, '18 was 58.15%. Now that 
has come down to 42.92%.  
So, this has happened because of -- clearly because of the churning of the portfolio with a better 
quality of the portfolio across all segments. See, I'm sure you must have noted down that in our 
INR40,000 crores of new book addition, we talk about GNPA of only 0.09% and even SMA-2 
of only 0.12%. So clearly, the quality of the book is fairly good, and hopefully that will sustain. 
And therefore, with a very limited capital increase of only INR240 crores, which we did in 
March '21 quarter, we are able to bring down the overall risk density to 42.92%. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
But this number is certainly best in the industry or among the best in the industry. So on the 
contrary, like we have increased our PL and credit card composition in the last one year. And 
then we have seen increase in the credit yield also by around 130 bps from June '22 to March 
'23. So basically, there has been a reduction in the risk weight density and we are increasing 
some bit increase in the gold loan book also and the PL credit card book also. So just wanted to 
understand that rise in the yield, credit yield, has it come -- how much has it come from the 
interest rate cycle and from the majors what we have taken in terms of changing the credit 
composition and rise in the PCR. So if you can bifurcate the impact of these things on the credit 
yield. So just to understand that when the interest rate plateau. So where the yield can go to? 
Murali Ramakrishnan:  
See, first, let me start by saying that when the bank was clearly going through a rate reduction 
cycle, you must have seen the bank getting hit with a very low NIM. So when the interest rates 
are rising, your ability to pass on the rates to your customers clearly depends on -- it's not that 
it's going to be automatic. It's going to be dependent on a lot of hard work to be done by engaging 
with the customer to pass on the increased interest rates. So to that extent, we have done that 
across all product segments.  
And you are right that with your composition, with your growth coming, let's say, from credit 
card or PL, etcetera, where generally the cost -- I mean the riskiness of the business is on the 
higher side. But if you look at the quantum of the growth, which will be coming from these 
businesses, still they are very low compared to the kind of growth which you would be seeing 
probably in other bulky products like corporate or SME. 
So to that extent, like, for example, in the PL, which we started almost from a fairly low base, 
we are now after almost 2 years of, 2.5 years of running it, we are currently at about INR1,800 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
crores. But INR1,800 crores of book addition, you might see that happening in a corporate book 
within two months, up and down. Both can happen. So when the approach is that as you keep 
building your sustainable retail businesses, again, factoring quality into account, you will 
continue to ensure that you are pricing it correctly. Your riskiness is taken care and your NIMs 
are on the raise, and you're able to obviously make us so the customer base for cross-sell and 
other purposes. Corporate and products like home loan serve us in bringing a lot of stability to 
the overall asset base and that helps you to probably manage some of the ratios, which are 
obviously dependent on the overall book. 
So if you were to ask me whether the -- I mean, if you need to break-up your yield into how 
much is coming from rate increase, I can tell you that rate increase doesn't automatically 
guarantee that your NIM will increase. It all depends on how well you deal with the customer. 
So there are banks which should have passed on 1% increase. There are banks which have done 
2% increase in yield. There are banks which may not have done even 0.5% increase in their 
overall yield. So it depends also on the composition of the book which you have. There are banks 
which are focusing on, let's say, micro finance or consumer durable kind of product where 2%, 
3% here and then doesn't make a difference at all. 
That's the reason why you are finding them going and raising liabilities at 7.9%, 8% in the market 
because their ability to pass on such rates are quite easy when they are dealing with customers 
who are willing to pay 23%, 25%, 26%. Whereas our product composition, our product suite is 
even today our directed towards good quality customers. Therefore, we are probably playing 
more in the private segment. That there, you need to be carefully choosing your interest rate 
increase also, and you need to suitably alter your product mix so that you know why you are 
building certain products, and how does it help in your portfolio mix. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just last question. If you can help us understand what is happening in the industry 
overall pan-India basis. And for the -- for our bank in terms of low-cost NRI deposit and total 
NRI deposits. So I know that there is a difficult time, industry numbers are not showing growth, 
but just to understand what you feel about it? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. See, you are right, when NRI business, if you were to look at, there are three components 
in NRI business: one is we are talking about the deposits, the other one is low cost deposits, , 
which is basically CASA, where you open your NRI accounts with us, there -- NRO accounts 
keeping balances. And third one is the remittance business. So as far as we are -- what we are 
actually witnessing is that given the overall increase in the repo rate announced by regulators, 
we saw the deposit rates across the board getting increased.  
And there are banks which have also increased their NRI deposit rates fairly aggressively. To 
that extent, we have seen that many of the NRI customers who are also holding a fairly large 
chunks of money have shifted from bank A to bank B by looking at the interest rates which are 
offered by the banks which are currently giving a higher rates.  
Whereas banks like us, I mean, these banks probably which are increasing interest rates, also 
probably have a good foreign currency portfolio in their portfolio. For example, some of them 
have got branches, some of them have got rep offices across the world, and therefore, there is 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
enough scope for them to do ECB funding or do foreign currency funding. And given the fact 
that our offshore branch is growing very well in the country, some of these banks who have got 
branches over there, they are able to park those businesses where they can do foreign currency 
lending. And to that extent, they have the leverage to charge high rates. I mean, charge -- give 
high rates for deposits.  
Whereas for bank like ours, which has got only a rep office in Dubai and where we are actually 
using this foreign currency funding, basically to look at very limited opportunities, which our 
customers might ask in foreign currency lending, basically, to arbitrage the rate opportunity, rate 
advantage as they might get, or else we need to use them for our rupee lending, in which case, 
it's dependent on our swap costs and other things. So we constantly, so what we are seeing as a 
trend is many of them are moving their money from CASA into deposits. This is one trend which 
we saw.  
And the other thing which we saw is a lot of remittances, though remittances overall have gone 
up, thanks to the depreciation in rupee, the conversion today for any earner in foreign currency 
will give you more rupee on hand. We have find that remittances have grown considerably. And 
we have also seen good increase in our own remittance growth. But earlier, this remittance 
money, which used to come -- used to stay in the account for a longer period. Therefore, our 
CASA, it was helping us to have a very low-cost CASA. But now we are finding that the 
alternate avenues available for the money, even, for example, in rupee, deposit rates in India or 
the market opportunities, capital market opportunities, etcetera, these monies are getting diverted 
into those fixed.  
So as a trend of what we are seeing: one, remittance is increasing and we are also seeing that 
increase for us; two, money moving from deposits into -- sorry, money is moving from a low-
interest rate providers to high-interest rate providers. And money is moving from CASA into 
other investment opportunities. So as far as we are concerned, we are actually doing a slight 
tweak in our strategy. Earlier, we were looking at a lot of -- for want of a better word, I would 
say, low-quality customers. We were looking at focusing on numbers in the past. So we had lots 
of low-quality customers who are keeping fairly low balances with us, etcetera. 
Now as a conscious strategy, we are now switching our profile of NRI customers also into people 
who can hold -- who are well net worth NRI customers. To that extent, probably we might start 
seeing our customer overall amount maintained by the customer in their accounts as far as the 
deposits they keep holding with us. Probably we'll start seeing some traction happening there. 
And we have also started seeing that our remittance businesses, which is a good business for us, 
we have now started having more tie-ups with many of the exchange houses in Middle East.  
And we -- in our NRI customer base today, we have 80% of our customers are in Middle East 
and 20% are in the rest of the world and that ratio continues to hold. And we are continuing to 
see that with more-and-more tie up happening, not only in Middle East, but also in other 
countries in Gulf as well as in other parts of the world, like we have tied up with some 
relationship in Canada, somebody in the UK. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
We have started having tie ups with those entities also, which hopefully will get us more 
remittance coming to. So the overall NRI business, it's continuing to be a very key contributor 
to us both in terms of our deposit as well as in our low-cost CASA. And it's also giving now fee 
income, and it's also giving good remittance now. So with all that, we believe that it's continued 
to play a very important role in our overall liability strategy. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So just 1 small thing, sir, clarification. So higher deposit rate or higher interest rate overall in 
the other countries from where we source the remittances, is that also the reason which is an 
obstacle for the remittances here in India? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No. See, there are two, three different types of NRIs. One is NRIs who have gone there just to 
do work and their family is back in India. These customers typically will keep sending money 
back because their family needs money in India and their kids must be studying in India. So 
these are the people who will be banking on remittance, and they will always be looking at rupee 
depreciation and want to take advantage of the low -- I mean, higher rupee which they get for a 
every foreign currency they earn. This is one set of customers.  
Second set the customers are people who are high net worth individuals who are either running 
business or working for a large -- big corporates in the Middle East or any other place. Their 
earnings would be substantial. They will probably look for opportunities to deploy their funds 
in making more money. So they'll be constantly looking at how well the capital market is doing 
in India or elsewhere.  
So today, given the opportunity, given the development, they can pretty much invest anywhere. 
So these are the people who will probably deploy some amount for Indian capital market while 
they deploy substantial funds for wherever they can earn more money. So with the interest rate 
generally hardening in all other countries with inflation being the highest ever in those countries, 
there are obviously opportunities for such people to deploy more-and-more money in markets 
where they can earn higher returns.  
The third set of people are people, who have no linkages to India at all, though they are PIOs 
and Indians, but they may not have any linkage to India. Such customers, probably -- large banks 
will be tapping them because this tax can still raise money in foreign currency and they hold 
foreign country deposits in their branches. Therefore, such customers will opt those banks which 
are internationally well present. I used to work for ICICI and we had -- ICICI used to have 
substantial NRI deposit base in these countries. And the bank can also deploy these funds 
because in many of the geographies, they are permitted to do dollar funding, so they can raise 
money in dollar and deploy money in dollar. 
Whereas SIB, we don't do any lending outside of India because we have only a rep office there. 
So our raising  foreign currency is primarily for the purpose of swapping them into rupee and 
we can provide reasonably competitive cost to some of the high-end corporates who probably 
wants to make use of this swap cost to reduce their overall cost of borrowing. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
 
Understood, sir. Many many thanks, sir for the elaborate response. Thank you. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Thank you. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Bhatia from Bowhead Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Arjun Bhatia: 
Thank you, sir for this opportunity. I had a couple of questions. Firstly, a re-clarification for 
everyone's benefit. We mentioned about marginal decline in NPA in 2024 and SMA of your new 
book is very low. At the same time, you are pointing out to 1.2% credit cost or in an absolute 
terms of about INR1,000 crores credit cost. Since we have shared three different numbers on the 
call and these numbers prima facie looks very high to me based on whatever you said. Can you 
please reconfirm your team what is this number for everyone's benefit? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No, I didn't say INR1,000 crores as my credit cost. I said... 
Arjun Bhatia:  
 
1.2% on  
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
INR750 crores is what I said. INR750 crores. Just to reiterate, I talked about -- I gave you the 
breakup of what it was in -- for this year. And I also said what we are anticipating in the coming 
year. 
Arjun Bhatia:  
Understood. So INR750 crores is the final number. Sir, now I have a separate question. This was 
for everyone's benefit. My two questions are, do you expect any segment to grow much faster 
out of agri, retail, SME or corporate, broadly more or less they will be in line And in terms of 
total growth, can this 12% guidance you're giving also be 15%? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, one is supposed to grow book across all segments basically to balance out your portfolio. 
But obviously, growth in all these businesses will have to come depending on the opportunity 
which we get. If you are finding that opportunities in SME is going to be better or corporate is 
going to be better. Clearly, we'll be -- so our criteria is basically quality. If it's there, definitely, 
we will acquire more-and-more customers for growth. In our planned growth of, let's say, 12%, 
13% for the coming year, frankly, the mix of how we will grow this though we have a target 
meant for each of these businesses, but we'll keep realigning our plan depending on how we see 
our overall growth in each of these business lines are happening and how it is impacting our 
overall NIM and profitability. So that's how I would put it.  
Clearly, the focus will be to grow retail more because we want to increase our base of portfolio, 
which will be stabilizing. And also we want to ensure that -- our corporate -- I mean corporate 
or SME is something which we will continue to have traction, not only for earning credit income, 
but also for other cross-sell opportunities can come. So that's the broad reply we want to give. 
Arjun Bhatia:  
Sir, the second question is that in terms of capital raise plans, is my understanding correct based 
on whatever you said in last hour, that there's no plan to immediately raise capital, let's say, in 
the next three months before Q1 results and not at this price. So there's no urgency to raise capital 
in the next three months, and at such current low price. And you didn't answer my previous 
question. Can this 12% also inch up to 15%. So is it a range, or you think 12% will be a fairly 
aggressive target and 15% will be too tough a ask? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No see, let me tell you the philosophy. If I say 20% and if I do 15%, you guys will be very 
unhappy. If I say 12% and if I do 15%, we'll be very happy, right? This is the general philosophy. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
So I'm saying, obviously, all of us want to grow much more than what we are wanting to say. 
But at the same time, I don't want either the team to come under pressure that they compromise 
on quality. At the same time, I don't want them to be laid back and say, okay, it's only 12%, so 
let me do what I need to do. So how we manage internally our teams, clearly will decide on how 
much we are committing. 
Basically, suffice to say that GDP growth, if it's going to be 6%, nobody today also knows how 
much GDP growth is going to be. It’s anywhere from 7%, we started with then 6.5%, now we 
are talking about 6%. So the idea is to grow at least 2x the GDP growth is what I have in mind. 
This is how I have seen in my long career that if you are chasing a growth which is 2x your GDP 
growth, you can reasonably be balanced in your approach to sourcing good quality deals in 
whatever business you do. So I am giving a guidance of lower double digits primarily to ensure 
that our underlying fundamental block is quality. We don't want that to be compromised at all. 
So I don't want any of you to factor 15% and 20% and keep working out these numbers because 
if I were to chase those numbers, probably banks like us probably might end up not doing -- not 
having good quality book with us. So we would rather chase good quality deals over growth. At 
the same time, growth is needed for us to sustain the profitability. Therefore, I'm committing 
that it's -- it will be lowered to double-digit growth. Therefore, 12% is something which 
reasonably one can take as a growth expectation. 
Arjun Bhatia:  
 
The second question was on the capital raise, which... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Capital raise, as I said earlier, they would need to factor three, four things when we are planning 
to raise capital. One is, of course, the need for liquidity, the need for -- given the growth plans 
which we have and the things which I talked about in terms of Tier 2 commitments, which today 
-- our dependence on Tier 2 is anyway coming down. Therefore, we need to see how we can 
factor them in our plans to pay them off. That's another factor which will come in. 
Third, of course, is the factor which people normally talk about in terms of dilution. Whether by 
issuing equity, will we be diluting too much? This was one of the concerns which was raised 
even when I was raising my first set of equity where it was needed very badly by the bank. So 
we raised INR240 crores equity at that point in time. That time also there were questions around 
dilution. But clearly, the bank's requirement was far more than the dilution which we talked 
about. But now obviously, we need to factor dilution also into account. 
Fourth thing is how well the market is conducive for raising capital and what is the route and 
how receptive the investors would be, whether you want to go for equity issue or I mean, rights 
issue or -- that also we will decide based on how well the market is -- market traction is 
happening. So as we go along, we'll take these decisions after we look at how much of the 
internal accruals is accruing to the bank's capital. 
Arjun Bhatia:  
Sir, my question was, is anything planned in next two, three months, in the immediate, very near 
term at current rates... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
If it was planned, I would have definitely articulated to you now. 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
Arjun Bhatia:  
 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Salim Gangadharan Chairman, for closing comments. 
Salim Gangadharan: 
Yes. First of all, good afternoon to all of you. And I was really impressed by the insightful and 
deeper questioning -- questions raised by all of you, and it has given tremendous insight to me 
personally. And from our Board's perspective, I'll speak about because the entire numbers were 
rolled out by Mr. Murali Ramakrishnan, MD and CEO, and he clarified on many of the points. 
So I'm not touching up on the financials of the bank. 
So what is demonstrated from the outcome of our transformation process and the business 
strategy over the last 2.5 years is clearly demonstrated in the numbers. What the Board wanted 
is what Board including the MD and CEO was aspiring for a significant strengthening of the 
financials and a transformation process. So the numbers have clearly demonstrated that the 
objectives and the strategy of the Board and the senior management and the bank has been 
accomplished. That is the first observation. 
Now the question comes is what is our future strategy? So the Board is convinced that the present 
strategy is paying off well and which has shown clearly demonstrable qualitative parameters and 
improvements in the financial as well as the growth numbers. So we wanted to pursue the same 
strategy going forward even after change of the same MD’s position. So there is no change at 
all. In fact, I wanted to add you one point. When we had the search committee evaluating the 
new candidates, one of the -- we have constructed a capacity grid. 
One of the key parameter we are using to assess the capacity and the quality of the person to 
come in is, one of the parameter I'll read out, that the candidate should have convinced that the 
transformation journey over the past 2.5 years is the right path towards sustaining growth and 
profitability. So this is a very significant factor. 
We are assessing the quality of the person to come in. So there will not be any change in the 
strategy or the systems and process we are pursuing, we continue to pursue because it has paid 
off well. So the search committee is deep into the process. We have already evaluated several 
number of candidates, and we are now moving to the second round of the evaluation. And once 
it is finalized, so we will be moving to the Reserve Bank of India well on time, that is the fourth 
year. 
So this is what I thought I'll share with you. And capital raise, we are closely watching the 
scenario and -- as MD has clarified to you, that 17.25% capital as of March '23 is sufficient 
enough in the short run. But given the dynamics of risk profile of the assets we are booking it 
over the months, we are closely watching the risk matrix. And if necessary, we will be going to 
the market with capital. So there is an open mind on capital raise. So thank you once again for 
joining this call and in raising very, very insightful and deep questions to the MD and CEO. 
Yes, then one more issue, I wanted to clarify, make it abundantly clear to all of you. Mr. Murali 
Ramakrishnan has personally opted not to extend his term beyond September 23, out of his 
personal reasons and the Board is very much -- would have been very much happy to give you 

      
The South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
another term without any discussions. But he has decided to leave on his own accord and on 
personal grounds. So Board was extremely happy with the good work, Mr. Murali has done for 
the past 2.5 years, that clearly helped the Board and the bank in achieving a quick turnaround, 
the matter of -- a turnaround of 2.5 years is a significant achievement for the bank. And we really 
appreciate his efforts for this. He and his team put to the quick positive turnaround of this 
organization. Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of InCred Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
