   
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: Tower 3, 1st Floor, 
East Wing, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.India 
 T: +91 22 6167 8499   F: +91 22 6167 8383 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
 
Date: August 21, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 97/2023-24 
Our Reference: 97/2023-24 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015) – Transcript of Earnings Call 
  
With reference to our earlier intimation dated August 07, 2023 and August 14, 2023, regarding the 
Earnings Call on the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, held on                  
August 12, 2023, kindly find enclosed the transcript of the same. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS – 28839  
 
Encl: a/a 
Rashmi 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Rashmi Khandelwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6571, 
pseudonym=133092532660904848ndUPGYWF
T9oI87, 
2.5.4.20=5da9433664eafa69d23a314f5c20da45
b8c4392b456b9ff24d4c3b398bc97a9d, 
postalCode=400079, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=847b14bda041d6dbff97519363
528ffafbe2af6889746847c8868c38c9be8da4, 
cn=Rashmi Khandelwal 
Date: 2023.08.21 15:21:21 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
Q1 FY24 Result Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHANTANU KHOSLA – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN 
MR. PROMEET GHOSH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. KALEESWARAN ARUNACHALAM – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. YESHWANT REGE – VP STRATEGY & FINANCIAL 
PLANNING 
MS. NATASHA KEDIA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
ANALYST:             MR. KUNAL SHETH – B&K SECURITIES 
 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning, all. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Crompton Greaves Consumer Q1 
Earnings Call. 
From the Crompton management, today, we have Mr. Shantanu Khosla, Executive Vice 
Chairman; Mr. Promeet Ghosh, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. 
Kaleeswaran Arunachalam, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Yeshwant Rege. 
 
Sir, I would request Mr. Promeet Ghosh to give us some opening remarks and take us through 
the presentation, post which we will open the floor for a Q&A session. Over to you, sir.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
Thanks, Kunal. Firstly, thanks to B&K Securities for hosting this, and apart from the people that 
you mentioned, Kunal, we also got Natasha Kedia who looks after IR service. To everyone who 
is on the call, good morning and welcome.  
 
We are attempting this time to have a different format for our Quarterly Earnings Call. 
Hopefully, I will give you a cleaner perspective of what the Company is doing. It is my pleasure 
to take you through an update and presentation of the Company's performance in the past quarter.  
 
Incidentally, the first page what you have is Energion Roverr Smart Fan, which is one of the 
products that we are proud of it has Underlight and IoT built-in, selling at MRP as high as Rs. 
15,000 and is emblematic of the kind of efforts that we are making to premiumize our portfolio.  
 
Let's go to the next page. And before we start also, we were the largest in BLDC grounds-up 
portfolio, again, indicative of the kind of efforts that we have been making in the market as well 
as in innovation. Importantly, while you can see a very broad range of BLDC fans, note that this 
is largely a grounds-up BLDC portfolio rather than simply converting an existing portfolio of 
fans to BLDC. This is a segment that deserves exceptional focus and that is what we brought to 
the same.  
 
Let's now get into the next slide. You know, about a month ago, we posted a presentation. We 
can get into the next page of the presentation. We posted a presentation on our website about 
Crompton 2.0. I assume most of you have seen it. We also talked a little bit through that 
presentation. So, I am not going to repeat what we are doing, but just to call out the highlights, 
firstly, historically, obviously, we had a very strong position in core category, particularly bulbs 
and fans. We made a successful foray into kitchen. We have invested materially into innovation 
capability with the consumer led innovations for the category of the market which is exceptional 
across the country.  
 
We have also focused a lot on being profitability led. Now what we are going to do differently 
in Crompton 2.0 is firstly be absolute profit led, rather than margin led, and we have as key 
driver of growth the innovation and the premiumization with changes to both the front-end as 
well as the backbone, all in aid of ensuring that we are able to deliver on those two key metrics.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Now, firstly, and this is something that you are well aware of, a new organization structure is 
enabled with an empowered leadership structure, the leadership team. A restructured 
organization is already in place. We did this about two months ago. Significantly, the 
organization restructuring meant that we have industry veterans, and the front-end people being 
here in Crompton for years and years, and at the backend we have a whole bunch of domain 
experts who have now come in and significantly bolstered that area.  
 
So, our senior leadership team is fully in place, but with an empowered organization also comes 
accountability, and I think that is at the core of how we see this entire team driving and 
transforming Crompton into what its rightful position is to deliver a growth-oriented 
organization.  
 
So, let's go to the next page. A quick update on some of the key steps on Crompton 2.0 that have 
since been initiated. One, we continue on the premiumization journey. We saw strong growth in 
the premium ceiling fans category. Saliency of premium fans has since improved to about 28%.  
 
Then the new brand architecture for pumps which we have talked about in the past, particularly 
in the Mini segment, and we have rolled out a new brand architecture while we have our largest 
selling Mini Agri Pumps, we also have premium pumps that we are selling and will improve the 
realization that we are getting.  
 
In the kitchen segment, our focus is being to have a differentiated portfolio with superior and 
industry-first features based on extensive consumer research and insights. For instance, we 
introduced chimneys with significantly reduced sound decibel levels and the super slim hobs for 
consumers so that they do not have to cut their slab.  
 
Now so far as go-to-market is concerned, I will just briefly touch upon that; if someone wants, 
we can get into greater detail later, but very briefly we have been focusing considerably on 
building out our alternate channels. So, we started to be very strong in what's called, general 
trade, but we have also put a lot of emphasis on alternate channels materially contributing to 
growth going forward and that has grown 32% YoY as you can see. Now alternate channels 
include e-commerce, rurban, etc. Now particularly e-commerce, for instance, is consistently 
growing and in Q1 grew at about 44% YoY.  
 
We have also been working on expanding our reach in the small domestic appliances, also called 
kitchen appliances, as well as B2C lighting. Particularly in lighting, we have significantly 
expanded our reach by adding several new distributors in the markets with the addition of more 
feet on street (FoS).  
 
We have also built upon our rurban channel and our e-commerce channel by introducing new 
products.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
For small domestic appliances, the infrastructure setup is nearing completion, particularly in the 
North and the South, and again, we added distributors and appointed FoS. Together with all of 
this we have been working on in-store visibility leading to retail transformation.  
 
Brand investment, we spoke of this quite a bit and that as we transform the Company to be 
demand & growth led, investing in the brand is a critical thing that we intend to do. So, you can 
see significantly stepped-up A&P spends, which has gone up about 4.2% (at standalone level) 
in quarter 1, but you are likely to be seeing these elevated levels because we see this as having 
a huge impact on the off-take of our products in the months and quarters ahead. Similarly, I will 
talk a little bit about these marketing campaigns being rolled out, and these all have a high share 
of voice for our products.  
 
And so far as innovation is concerned, we have introduced several new products. In fans, I 
already mentioned that we have arguably the largest range of BLDC, particularly ones which 
have been built ground-up. We have added variants under the Mini-series in the pumps category, 
and we have launched new variants in our water heaters range to put it as specially focused on 
e-commerce. 
 
For a quick update on Butterfly, I provide an overview and, we can discuss this again in greater 
detail later, but in particular, as you already know, we are doing very strategic orientation of our 
channel mix by emphasizing the retail & modern trade and optimizing the e-commerce while 
de-risking the corporate channel.  
 
In Butterfly, where our core channels are now performing very well, we are in the process of 
merging Butterfly with Crompton, and we have the opportunity to standardize go-to-market 
synergy apart from cost synergies and the go-to-market synergies would improve Butterfly's 
reach, particularly initially in the Western and Northern markets. This is called the ‘Power of 
One’, and we see this take off in the next few quarters.  
 
We have expanded our portfolio. We have made brand investments and also in Butterfly where 
A&P spends are at 5.4% and launched several above-the-line and below-the-line activities. We 
have expanded our portfolio in cooking, and food processing and cookware range.  
 
And finally, so far as our integration is concerned, that is underway, and we expect that to be 
completed by the end of this financial year. We have informed the stock exchanges earlier, and 
we have now received approval from both the NSE and the BSE, which have enabled us to go 
ahead with the filings with the NCLT for the merger. 
 
Now, next page, Macro environment. Broadly, I would say, we did not get a lot of help from the 
macro environment over the last quarter. It has continued to be very challenging, but we work 
relentlessly to deliver strong results despite rising inflation leading to subdued consumer 
sentiment or general overall softness in demand.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Unseasonal rains did not particularly help and regulatory changes further added to the volatile 
demand environment which impacted channel inventory and supply situations. With inflation at 
4.8% in June '23, the overall consumer buying index in consumer durable segment has so far 
remained soft. These pressures impacted the overall margin, but the efforts of premiumization, 
mix improvement and cost optimization have partially offset the impact.  
 
After a slowdown in April and May 2023, the demand however seems to be picking up from 
June and that trend will continue in the months to come. Going forward, we expect higher 
price/mix contribution as we are positioned to deliver improved H2 FY24, hopefully, with 
improvement in the conditions over the next half of the year. 
 
Now, next specifically getting onto the quarter. I will not read out what we are saying in the 
presentation because I think that you have read, but just basically just follow with a few of the 
highlights.  
 
ECD revenue grew by 6% despite the challenging environment, particularly strengthened by 
strong growth in our appliances segment. The actions that we took on our lighting portfolio 
helped improve our margins by as much as 300 basis points. We believe that this is going to 
bolster our lighting, fit for growth, position, as we have over this period focused on the changes 
in our go-to-market structure.  
 
Now in Butterfly, as I mentioned, we focused towards retail and modern retail channel while de-
risking e-commerce, but it is important to note that we have significantly stepped-up A&P 
spends, while investing in our brand which we expect will payout in the future, and as I said the 
new organization structure is in place.  
 
Our new built-up kitchen appliances business is so far shaping up well. It is small, and we are 
obviously investing materially in this business so far, but so far great indications are there. 
 
Next page. These are the consolidated financials. Now you must have seen this already. The 
ECD margins, the EBIT margin stood at 12.7%. The ECD margins notably include segment or 
EBIT loss that the kitchen appliances business is currently incurring, and we see that as an 
investment for the future.  
 
For the lighting segment, EBIT margin improved to 12% and that is despite the revenue decline 
of 13%.  
 
Now on the ECD segment, fans, broadly volume where we grew about 5%. Q1 saw a strong 
momentum in ceiling fans and TPW fans. The 5% growth in the fans category was driven by 
improved saliency of premium segments which I have spoken about already, as well as strong 
growth in TPW.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Another segment that we focused on that I mentioned earlier is the BLDC segment, which grew 
80%+ in the last quarter and quite a large number of about 3 lakh+, very broadly speaking, 
BLDC fans were sold in the last quarter.  
 
Our media campaign ‘Star rated fans’ and ‘ActivBLDC’ have resulted in good momentum and 
high share of voice. We collaborated with as many as 14 digital influencers to drive profitability 
and discoverability achieving high views. 
 
Going forward, we plan to add more decorative offerings in the BLDC range, and we recently 
launched BLDC Baby Enso, which is a smart BLDC fan with energy savings, and needless to 
say, we are one of the top 2 players in BLDC fans so far. Apart from BLDC fans, like I said, the 
TPW segment is also growing quite well. 
 
Next, coming to pumps, this has been a flat segment this quarter. We continue the actions that 
we took in Q4 FY23 to bring our pumps business back on track. We rolled out brand awareness 
programs for the Mini pump segment to communicate essentially based on faster tank filling as 
well as greater durability. That has helped contribute to a sharp differentiation from “me too” 
products which we were earlier making some, maybe or no longer are.  
 
We have also undertaken strategic pricing actions to ensure that the price premium is at the level 
of which the consumer is willing to pay for. The pumps, the value growth, which I said is 
relatively flat, but it is a weakness in the north because of increased competitive intensity. While 
in the Eastern region, which is the other large pumps region for us, is getting back on track, and 
we are currently working on significantly strengthening our Northern market, and we are also 
simultaneously seeing promising signs of growth in our Agri segments.  
 
Appliances had shown a strong growth in this category and we spoke about this earlier. This is 
also a segment where we have actually split into two, one being the large domestic appliances, 
the other as the small domestic appliances, LDA and SDA are the references to these segments 
that you are going to see going forward. Now this obviously did not particularly impact the last 
quarter, where the old original structures took place, but importantly, the small domestic 
appliances, particularly mixer grinder grew at 50%+ YoY, while the water heaters and the air 
coolers business grew about 11% YoY, and the large domestic appliances now also fold under 
the broader fans category and electrical segment for us.  
 
The infrastructure setup is nearing completion, and there has been so far good, experienced 
management along with particularly the growth in the small domestic appliances market.  
 
Our campaign for the air coolers was well received and resulted in high share of voice. 
Particularly in storage water heaters, we started supplying products which meet the new BEE 
criteria and instant water heaters we launched two new SKUs in June '23 named the Solarium 
Neo 5 liters and Rapidjet 5 liters.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Built-in Kitchen appliances revenue stood at about Rs. 11 crores led by good momentum in 
chimneys and hobs. Significant efforts are made to develop the channel. There are cumulative 
54 brand stores which combine Signature stores as well as Exclusive stores, which now have 
our kitchen appliances range and have been opened across 20 city clusters and our reach is now 
in ~260 outlets.  
 
Lead generation campaign and performance marketing has generated quality leads with good 
conversion rates. We continue to invest in building the business by creating brand awareness 
and building our people capabilities and some indicator of this, and as I said earlier this business 
is currently in the loss of 7 crores in Q1.  
 
Lighting: in lighting, we struggled in the past, and one of the many initiatives that we are taking 
to turnaround the lighting business is that the lighting B2C sales has been ploughed out. It was 
a part of the overall sales organization earlier and now specifically falls into lighting B2C sales 
head who falls in directly into the lighting business unit head. We believe that that clear carving 
out and focus at the sales level will help our go-to-market in lighting.  
 
Insofar as the other elements of our GTM restructuring are concerned, we are strengthening our 
dealer network with range addition and we will be expanding and driving our outdoor range in 
lighting. We are also driving premiumization. You may be aware, we introduced a premium 
range of products and that property will further be developed in this quarter with more launches 
in that segment, and we have also launched innovative solutions and have entered new categories 
like rope lighting, table lamps and night lamps etc, all with the objective of broadening our 
offering in the market.  
 
Softness in the lighting B2C demand is also not unique to us, and I think you must have seen 
that this is also something that has impacted other industry players, and this is because of a 
combination of price rationalization and increased competitiveness. The pricing reduction, 
particularly in the bulbs and battens ranges, also impacts volumes because it leads to lower 
channel stocking.  
 
Next, let's go to the slide 14, Butterfly. Butterfly reported good performance earlier, but I will 
quickly take you through the highlights. Revenue was at Rs. 219 crores, which is down 14% due 
to double-digit growth in the B2C channels, but while we did channel rebalancing, the overall 
number was about almost 14% lower than last year. Material margin stood at 42% with an 
expansion of 650 basis points year-on-year. Significant improvement in material margins driven 
by improvement in retail mix, operating efficiencies and cost optimization.  
 
The Company continued its efforts towards building capabilities across functions such as sales, 
marketing, operations and R&D, and the 9% EBITDA margin that you see is post the 
investments both in marketing as well as in people capabilities. We are continuing our efforts in 
building our people capabilities apart from strengthening processes and compliance, which has 
resulted in the lower attrition and better safety related performance. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Marketing campaigns, the next page, yes. This is the glimpse of various marketing campaigns 
that we have rolled out. You know, I will not take you through all of them. You are quite aware 
of many of these, but the idea essentially is that we are investing both in demand generation by 
stepping up our B2B and retail activities, as well as by strengthened go-to-market previously in 
the vast areas like rural and e-commerce, atleast we hope that we will begin to see in the coming 
days.  Now very roughly our A&P spends at Company level was higher. It was at about 4.5% 
versus the 3% than they were in quarter one in FY ‘23. That’s about 1.5% higher.  
 
We can get into consolidated financial performance. Kaleesh can talk through this later in detail, 
but I will just hit the high points.  
 
Revenue growth from operations stood at about Rs. 1,877 crores remaining flat Y-o-Y. ECD 
growth was at 6% Y-o-Y. Softness in demand for lighting and Butterfly. Material margin at 
30.8% was mostly due to higher BEE costs in fans and price correction in pumps. This was 
positively offset by improvement in margins in lighting and appliances as well as rebound in 
trade for Butterfly.  
 
EBITDA margin was about 10% on account of higher A&P spends. PAT margin remained flat 
at 6.5%. We continue to have negative working capital and have generated robust cash flows 
from operations.  
 
Consolidated cash and cash equivalents at the end of the quarter was Rs. 783 crores. This 
compares with Rs. 657 crores that we had as on 31st March 2023.  
 
Finally, key positive development in the organization as we look to the future is to accelerate 
growth and healthy margins and deliver strong TSRs for our shareholders. So, as we become a 
more growth-oriented organization, I believe the stance that we are taking at various ends, at the 
various elements that you have already seen will lead to value creation for our stakeholders. 
 
We will protect and grow our core categories of fans, large domestic appliances, and pumps, and 
endeavor to win in the kitchen segment. The kitchen segment now comprises the small domestic 
appliances business of Compton as well as Butterfly, and we expect that to be a key driver of 
growth going forward. We have identified cues in lighting, and as I said the improvement on the 
cost front that we have been able to do in lighting gives us the confidence that lighting business 
is becoming good for growth as we focus on the GTM and various process enhancements to be 
able to leverage this cost position.  
 
The way I think about the step change towards Crompton 2.0 is first to strengthen and 
consolidate the backbone of our organization which begins with creating a center of innovation 
that is intrinsically led by consumer needs. We have got about 160 people at our Innovation 
Center at Vikhroli. We have one more R&D Center in Butterfly as well. We had a significant 
amount of money and investment going into that some of the benefits of which, you have already 
seen, but it is still early days yet for the benefit we believe the innovation will help us drive.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
We will foray into new segments, and we expect to enter about maybe 2-3 whitespaces in the 
next 3-4 years and that effectively is in the need areas that we believe we have a right in winning 
and areas that we can become leaders over a period of time. At the same time, we are also 
developing strategic long-term manufacturing and supply chain footprints, which will support 
and enable our emboldened ambitions.  
 
In conclusion, I would say, although we are structurally stronger today, we have been in the 
midst of a rough macro environment with the industry facing some near-term challenges as the 
broader consumer sentiment is still cautious. Therefore, while the journey of Crompton in H1 
FY24 is expected to be a bit bumpy, we expect that the situation will continue to improve, and 
we are seeing some early signs of that towards the end of this fiscal. We continue to work 
tirelessly to strengthen our competitive position and simultaneously identify the market leading 
growth which I need to reassure you about, you know, this really, but our newer initiatives will 
be unveiled as we go along and finally, I am confident of strong fundamentals in the underlying 
business and my belief in the future growth trajectory remains strong.  
 
Thank you for your patient listening, and now we will be opening the floor for Q&A.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
Over to you, Kunal. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Anirudh Joshi, ICICI Securities. Anirudh, please go ahead and ask 
your question. 
Anirudh Joshi: 
Sir, two questions. One, we have said the gross margins have got impacted due to some of the 
issues in pumps and the higher BEE costs in fans. So, do we consider this as a one-time or these 
are in a way structural in nature and so the gross margins are likely to remain lower than what 
we had seen in earlier quarters? So, that is question number one. How much is structural and 
how much is one-time impact? And how should we look at margins ahead?  
 
Second question is on EBITDA margin. So, we have raised the A&P, and I can see in the 
presentation that we are aiming at higher SOV for many products. So, what is the SOM target 
that we are looking at? Maybe 50 bps market share expansion each year or maybe 100 bps 
expansion in market share. So, can you please quantify on that? So, basically, what is the ROI 
that we are looking on the additional investment in ad spends? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
So, first to start with as an organization, we would believe market share is an outcome of various 
activities that we do. It is not that we want to chase a particular market share and see where we 
land to do it, but investing in end consumer, having innovative products to take to market, which 
will drive the revenue growth and in turn will lead to our market share. So, it is not that we are 
chasing a particular number as a market share. It is more about the actions that we want to 
investigate on. 
 
Coming back to your other questions in terms of gross margin and EBIT, where do we stand? 
Starting with gross margin, first and foremost, Butterfly and lighting business are done, within 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
both the business segments we have seen gross margin expansion led by cost initiatives. Having 
said that, in fan, the BEE cost is yet to be baked into pricing in full, and I think as we go into Q2 
and Q3, there are opportunities or compelling cases that is presenting in front of us to take those 
price increases, which will help us to restore the margins as we move forward. 
 
Secondly, on pumps, it is more in terms of where we see the competitive intensity at this point 
of time. We have started with the brand architecture. The brand architecture has helped us to 
arrest decline in pumps and get into a growth phase. We are also seeing some of our early 
decisions on Agri is starting to give us good green-shoots. We need to see how that sustains as 
we move forward, but overall, as the brand architecture expands, the premiumization of pumps 
will also help us to get the gross margin back. So, that is how we are looking at gross margin in 
a structural way as we look at the forward quarters.  
 
Coming into EBIT, this is a countdown strategy where we clearly said that we are going to invest 
behind our brands and which means that would lead into 150 to 200 bps increase on a year-to-
year basis on our marketing spends, and we think this is something that we will continue to do, 
and meanwhile that will be more in terms of the revenue growth that we want to deliver rather 
than a specific marketing quarter led ROIs. Overall, as Promeet said earlier, as an organization, 
we are now moving towards profit led than being profitability led.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
I would just add a few more things here, Kaleesh. One, insofar as your question was about 
structural changes. The cost structure has gone up because of BEE, and now the interesting thing 
is that all participants in the market obviously are impacted by this, and because of the somewhat 
weak economic environment, I do not think any of the participants have been able to pass that 
one, but we believe that in the quarters to come they will be passed and that will bolster margins 
going forward and so forth. On Pump, yes, insofar as the advertising investment is concerned, I 
think there is an effort to step that up as we are going to be growth led. Now on the EBIT level, 
we are hoping that some of the cost synergies will also start to kick in, with the efforts that we 
are making, but obviously, they cannot be synchronized, but that is something that again will 
give us some more cushion.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Anirudh. We have the next question from Siddhartha Bera, Nomura. Siddhartha, you 
can please go ahead and ask your question. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, my first question is on the fan side. So, you have indicated a 5% value growth in the quarter. 
What will be the secondary growth in the quarter in the fans category? And also if you can share 
the overall growth for pumps and overall appliances in the quarter?  
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Pumps, we delivered a flat growth in terms of the total quarter is concerned. Appliances is close 
to 19% growth is what we have delivered. Fans, at this point of time, if we have to look at a BEE 
rated secondary impact that we saw in the industry, past half was significantly lower to where 
the industry was concerned in terms of non-rated fans. We would assume our primary and 
secondary to be on track.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And if I look at, again, on the EBIT margins for the ECD segment, I mean, sequentially, we have 
seen quite a reasonable correction, contraction on the margins. So, are you planning to take any 
price hikes? So, last part is because of the BEE as you have indicated. Now, how is the visibility 
on pricing? By when do you think you can maybe go back to that 15%, 16% margin which you 
used to report? And how soon can that be, if you can just share some thoughts here?  
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Fundamentally this is like what we wanted to call it as a Crompton 2.0 where we want the 
organization to be growth led. Now, there are two levers when you are talking about this EBIT. 
One is, what is an end of price increase or cost reduction that you need to do to improve gross 
margin? And second is, where do you invest? It was always easy to cut those 200 bps in terms 
of the marketing spend and get into a business that will have a 14%, 15%, 16% EBIT as 
compared to a business that has a sustainable revenue growth, which we think will create value. 
So, allow us not to comment on EBIT target or a margin expansion at this point of time. We 
believe that as the revenue growth is probably paramount to us as we speak.  
 
Structurally, where would we go? To address your first question, we think on the gross margin 
there is probably we are moving towards a compelling case of a price increase. Now this is not 
something that you would tend to calendarize it because it is a market where you have multiple 
players and you need to be competitive in the industry. So, as we move forward, the case is much 
stronger to where we were in Q4 or Q1. So, there would be price intervention that we would 
make in case of fans.  
 
Now, when you do that, then we also talked about premiumization of fans as a portfolio. Mix is 
also going to be an enabler for us to drive our gross margin. A combination of price increases, 
mix optimization, moving towards premiumization and continuing to invest behind brand we 
think will expand our absolute profits and therefore deliver EPS growth in the long run. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Rahul Gajare, Haitong. Rahul, please go ahead and 
ask your question.  
Rahul Gajare: 
Now, I think you just mentioned that I think a product mix is what will ultimately aid 
profitability. I want to understand, could you discuss what is the share of premium fans in the 
total fans? And how that has moved in the recent past? And also, do you maintain a similar 
metric for a Company level, across product category, what is it that you classify as premium and 
the share of that? Because I understand the growth has been impacted at the lower end of the 
product compared to the higher end of the products. So, that is one thing I want to understand 
from you all on the premium side.  
Kaleeswaran A.: 
So, from a fans perspective, our portfolio used to be about somewhere around in late teens as a 
share of premium. Today, as we speak, one-fourth of our fans business comes from premium 
segment. And this is aided by multiple launches that have been made both in induction and in 
the BLDC segment. And as we talked about our BLDC strategy has been to build a grounds-up 
portfolio, and that is what has helped us to probably expand the range keeping the consumer 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
needs in mind. So, this one-fourth of the portfolio has significant headroom to improve as we 
move forward, which will help us to improve the overall earnings as we look forward.  
 
Now if you look at categories outside fans, probably, I will take lighting as an example, and I 
will leave it at that. Lighting, if you look at, one way of premiumizing is looking at the same 
category and see what more you can do in bulbs and battens. The other opportunity is also look 
at things like ceiling, which probably has got a unique pricing, which is significantly higher than 
bulbs and battens, and it has got a margin profile also, which is much, much stronger as compared 
to the bulbs and battens.  
 
So, how do we expand our ceiling range? Today, our ceiling to our portfolio is about one-third 
as compared to industry, which we would presume is about say 45% to 50%, and that overall 
also period of time will help us to premiumize the lighting portfolio and help us to improve the 
margins.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
No, but very clearly as Promeet said, there is a strong renewed focus on premiumization across 
all our categories. That includes also Butterfly, where premiumization within the segments that 
we play in - pressure cookers, gas stoves and mixers is a clear opportunity which the Butterfly 
team has been introducing initiatives for. For example, recently the Butterfly team introduced 
Tri-Ply healthier cooking, less oil pressure cooker as a premium.  
 
And in terms of the enablers Promeet talked about which we have strengthened, the back end, 
the entire supply chain operation, our innovation operation, our real expertise and Center of 
Excellence, upgrading with us, all are going to have this common focus of driving our strategic 
drive of accelerating premiumization.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Avendus. Ravi, 
please unmute and go ahead and ask your question. 
Ravi S: 
My question is an extension to the previous participant's question, more towards the BLDC side. 
So, how do you see the BLDC as a market panning out? What might be the industry average of 
BLDC out of the total current sales that is happening? And how are we positioned? What is our 
share of BLDC? And what is the kind of profitability of BLDC fans? Given the fact that apart 
from the conventional players who are there, there are also few new players who are there in the 
space like Atomberg, etc. So, if you can give your thought process on it over a two-to-three-year 
period will be helpful. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Look, what I will say is that BLDC is a technology which has some advantages. Induction motors 
have certain advantages as well. As we look forward, we see both, the BLDC and the induction 
be a part of the fans that are sold in the future. So, neither of them is going away.  
 
Insofar as our approach to BLDC is concerned, as you have already seen, we have made 
significant investments in building out our BLDC range. One difference is that we have built out 
a BLDC range particularly as a native BLDC.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
So, this is a little bit like EVs and Internal combustion engines. You have cars which have been 
retrofitted with EV technology, and there are cars which have been ground-up bit on the basis 
of EV technology. We think that for a consumer to truly get the benefit of the technology, we 
have to do the latter, and while the other may give you some shorter-term benefits, over a period 
of time that is the direction that we will go towards.  
 
And so, look, it is an interesting technology, and you will see us do more and more in that area. 
We are one of the top two I would say in that segment already, but we are just getting started. 
Ravi: 
And my second question is with respect to the white spaces that you had mentioned in the 
presentation, that you would like to get into. Logically speaking, there are one or two sizable 
segments where you can easily get into and grab share. That is the switchgear market, switches 
market where you can strengthen, you already have a very strong presence in reach and 
distribution where you can get into. And then there is this cable segment, which is capital 
intensive and probably you may try and avoid. So, your thought process on getting into these 
segments or some other segment if you can give?  
Shantanu Khosla: 
We would appreciate that but obviously, we cannot talk about specific segments. There are 
multiple segments in which we can have the opportunity, which we are evaluating. In fact, we 
are at different levels of progress in different areas. We are unable to talk about it. You will all 
be the first to know. The only thing I would mention since you mentioned that, yes, given our 
infrastructure, there are a lot of segments which are easy to get into. Our focus is not just to get 
into a segment, but our focus is going to be to get into a segment in which we can win, and that 
is not easy. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
We have also said so far as, the direction of the Company is this, we created a separate vertical 
for new business initiatives which is specifically going to be looking at some of these areas. So, 
clearly, there is a fair amount of work that is going on to evaluate the various segments.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Renu Baid, IIFL. 
Renu Baid: 
I have one key question around the margins and profitability. Sorry to harp on it again. If you 
look at 12.7% ECD margins, they have been all-time low, say about 50-60 basis point impact 
coming in from the large kitchen appliances. So, can you help us understand while there have 
been comments given, can you broadly help us bridge the gap from this 13.2% to 13.3% margins 
to our normalized 17% EBIT margins that you were doing? And in line with the strategy that we 
have highlighted in terms of focusing more on growth and investing in marketing team, how 
should we readjust the expectations for EBIT for the ECD segment given the mix and the end 
market responses which have been there? 
Kaleeswaran. A: 
So, first and foremost, Renu, I was not to give a forward guidance of what we are looking at in 
terms of EBIT. But we talked about how we are going to look at growth drivers for the business 
and how are we going to expand the margin.  

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Coming specifically to the bridge that you are seeking in terms of how has that moved, roughly 
about 15 bps which is on account of large kitchen appliances losses that was there, about 150 
bps is on account of the higher marketing spends that we have done, and another 150 bps is on 
account of the gross margin drop that we have seen in ECD. Now this drop is largely and 
obviously on account of what we talked on fans BEE pricing challenges that we had, which I 
think as we move into Q2, Q3, we would be taking few price increases at appropriate time. Over 
a period of time coupled with mix and price, we should be able to get back to the gross margins 
where we were in ECD.  
 
And coming specifically to EBIT, I think our higher investments should tantamount into revenue 
growth for us, which would help us to expand absolute EBIT rather than EBIT margin, and that 
is a structural change that we need to make. Eventually, we believe value creation for all 
stakeholders will be through EPS expansion rather than looking at a 17% EBIT margin. Now as 
and when we grow the business and operating leverage kicks in, and we reach there, we do reach 
there, there's no constraint or cap that we are putting on that number, but right now we want to 
grow the revenue for the business and towards that if it takes investments into it, we are 
committed to make those investments.  
Renu Baid: 
If I can ask on Butterfly? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
See, on Butterfly, the good news is we have expanded margins out there. This is largely on 
account of two things. Shantanu talked about premiumization. We have seen this across 
categories, for example, the steel cookers have started to pick up as compared to aluminum. So, 
that is one positive sign. We are seeing that in cookers. We are seeing that in mixer grinders. 
This coupled with the cost initiatives that we have taken, what we have in Crompton, the project 
Unnati getting extended to Butterfly has also helped us to drive gross margin improvements out 
there. There also, considering our learning out here, we would not be curbing on investments 
behind brand. So, already Butterfly is tracking at about say 5%-5.5% on A&P spends. We would 
only try to keep that at the same level or increase as we try to grow.  
 
Now the most important lever for Butterfly is the ‘Power of One’ that we talked about. While 
Butterfly is a strong brand in South led by Tamil Nadu, we believe that there are strengths that 
Crompton can provide to Butterfly and make it a pan-India brand over a period of time, and this 
is riding on the distribution leverage that Crompton has got. We are starting with few pilot 
markets in Northern India and in Western India. A couple of markets is what we are starting 
with. Once we establish that, we think that can expand the growth opportunities for Butterfly 
beyond where it is today. And the channel optimization is largely done in terms of e-commerce 
and retail. You have seen good strong double-digit growth in retail and in terms of non-core 
channel also, we are clearly de-risking.  
 
So, if you look at the key acquisition, Butterfly was largely an e-commerce led business 
delivering about 5% to 7% EBITDA. Today, we have rationalized it to become a 25% e-
commerce business and drive business through retail along with e-commerce. We have also 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
pushed on the process of rationalizing. A large part is completed in terms of non-core channels 
and now is the time to invest behind that brand and take it national.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Renu. We have the next question from Achal Lohade, JM Financial. Achal, please 
go ahead and ask your question.  
Achal Lohade: 
If you could help us understand in FY '23, what has been the mix in terms of fans, pumps, water 
heaters and air coolers? Why I am asking this is, given the different challenges we are facing in 
different segments, if we can understand how the revenue mix and what kind of margins we have 
had in FY '23, I think that would be of great help.  
Kaleeswaran A.: 
We do not share the data at a category level margin or category level share, but what I can give 
you is a broad perspective. We are fans led in ECD. A large part of our portfolio comes through 
fans followed by pumps, and probably in about a year or two, we will see our appliances business 
also reaching there. So, it is fast growing in appliances led by SDA and the LDA led through 
water heaters and geysers.  
Achal Lohade: 
Is it possible to get some similar, in the similar fashion the margin? Like, is it the case that pumps 
is the highest margin compared to fans or other way round? 
Shantanu Khosla: 
ECD is about the same.  
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Yes. Platform margin for ECD at a category level is almost the same.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
Apart from, of course, the large kitchen appliances.  
Achal Lohade: 
And just one more, you said about investment in kitchen appliances, the amount was about Rs. 
7 crore in Q1 FY '24. Is it possible to get some sense about 4Q spend as well, what kind of 
investment was there? And how do you see it from a full-year or next couple of year perspective? 
Could this be a big drag for the next couple of years in terms of margins and then we see a break-
even and then improvement from here on? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
Again, we do not give forward guidance, but the way you would look at this, this is one of the 
fastest growing categories within kitchen. This is largely about Rs. 5,000 crores- 6,000 crores in 
terms of chimneys and hobs growing at about say 10% is what we have seen. Now we have 
started 10 cities through a signature store route and followed it with B2C. Now we are expanding 
it beyond the 10 cities.  
 
We are getting into alternate channels beyond EBOs, which is kitchen led, e-commerce led, and 
bit of modern trade is also starting to contribute in a significant manner. This would continue to 
have a revenue scale up over the period of time, and it will have losses that we need to take as 
we look at the current financial year, and these losses are more investment behind the brand both 
in terms of people and in terms of marketing. We think there is fair amount of opportunity for 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
us to gain in this segment considering our overall strategy of where we want to be in kitchen and 
from a longer perspective, this is one of our growth trackers.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
And obviously, as we made a choice to enter this category strategically for the future, our 
objectives and our goals were such that this would be that you will turn to the Company if you 
look at it over the medium and long-term.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
Look, many of the investments and capability in the segment have obviously already been made.  
Achal Lohade: 
That is helpful. Just one clarification with respect to, in one of the comments you mentioned that 
Agri is where you are seeing further scale up. There is change in the brand architecture. You 
have launched Agri pumps. Would Agri be more competitive in terms of pricing and margins 
compared to the domestic pumps and the mix as we speak is 70%, 80% domestic pumps? Just 
wanted to have some clarity over there.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes that is true, that the large share of the pumps segment continues to be residential which you 
can also call domestic. ’Agris as a business is stepping up and growing well. That ’does not 
mean that we are de-emphasizing the other one, and the brand architecture by the way is on the 
residential side, particularly on the segment that we call the 'Mini’. So, yes, we expect to continue 
our growth momentum in agri, but obviously continue to strengthen our core which is residential.  
Achal Lohade: 
The Agri pumps margin would be lower than the pumps' current margins. Would that be fair? 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
We do not provide sub-segment-wise details. Apologies.  
Shantanu Khosla: 
The important thing from our point of view for Agri is we are market leader in residential pumps. 
We are still a relatively small player in Agri. Therefore, we believe that Agri is a growth 
opportunity for us.  
 
Now, of course, to begin to actualize that growth, it is not a single variable, it is a multiple of 
variables. We have been doing that part of what will be the growth driver, filling in gaps in our 
Agri portfolio which is obviously different from the domestic. There is also a long-term spend 
of solar in that particular segment. There are go-to-market differences in terms of the channel. 
So, it is an entire program which we are now beginning to see some traction of as we build on 
it, but it is a clear big growth opportunity for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from Rahul Agarwal, InCred.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Sir, just I have one question but across your three segments, and this is largely going to revolve 
around outlook for the year. It looks like in ECD, fans have grown 5%, pumps flat, appliances 
19%, and appliances my sense is about 20% of ECD. So, should we really expect fiscal '24 to 
have early double-digit revenue growth on ECD? Lighting is declined in first quarter. Obviously, 
you are working on new products and expanding reach for B2C. How long would this take? And 
again, the same question, do we see growth in fiscal '24 or not? And similar question of Butterfly. 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
We also declined Y-o-Y even on revenue in first quarter there as well. What should we expect 
for full year? So, whatever you can share, it would be really helpful. Thank you. 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
As just we re-emphasized; we would not be giving forward guidance. But we look at what are 
the tenets that we are driving towards and how are we trying to make the organization move 
forward? The first and foremost we will start with lighting. I think lightning, the objective is to 
make the business fit for growth. So, when we say fit for growth, we always talked about we 
need to have a business model that is going to be market led, which means that there are 
categories that we need to expand into like ceiling. We also need to be industrially competitive 
in categories like bulbs and battens.  
 
Now this would mean that your strong gross margins which will help us, one, to take appropriate 
pricing actions in categories like bulbs and battens. At the same point of time, we have enough 
money to invest behind towards brand and other initiatives that we have to do.  
 
Now where are we today as we speak? I think we have got our gross margins in the right 
trajectory for lighting. Now we need to get our product strategy right and also get our competitive 
price actions completed. In parallel, we wanted a go-to-market strategy for lighting that is 
different from how we deal with ECD. So, the team is in place. We are rolling that out. Coupled 
with this, as lighting is not going to be a story of one, two quarters where we are trying to look 
at a turnaround etc., we are moving in the right direction. And early signs are pretty positive. As 
we look at end of this year, we wanted to see how the lighting business transform from where 
we stand here and move towards a growth trajectory.  
 
As so far as Butterfly is concerned, you have to look at Butterfly in three facets. There is the 
retail channel, there is e-commerce, and there is non-core. Intrinsically, if you look at the 
business, it has been discussed earlier. It was e-commerce, which meant the brand was more 
playing a price warrior game in multiple channels which had a conflicting interest both in trade 
and e-commerce.  
 
The correction that we have to take in e-commerce has been completed. Now we are not only 
making Butterfly a Flipkart oriented e-commerce business, it is now in Flipkart. It is in Amazon 
and as we look at it, it will have its spread in multiple other digital platforms also. And the 
portfolio is reasonably optimized, and it is well poised for growth in e-commerce as we look at 
H2 onwards.  
 
In terms of non-core channels, Butterfly as we talked about evolved as a brand over a period of 
time starting from a business that was into government orders led, corporate led etc. Now all the 
corporate channels are also getting derisked so that we focus on the core business which will 
help us to invest behind brand.  
 
Now in that, as we do these two things, we have already seen a strong double-digit growth in 
terms of our retail channel for Butterfly and we would expect that to continue. With the 
improvement that we have made in material margin for Butterfly, that has given us the 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
opportunity to invest behind Butterfly. Now this investment is not only going to be on brand. 
We need to invest behind people also, and that would mean that as we expand into outside South, 
we need to take people on board and help them, help make Butterfly a national brand over a 
period of time.  
 
Now, this is again a business that we need to have a long-term strategy. We as an organization 
here for long term and not for a quarter or two, and that means we should not be shying away 
from taking those calls and making those investments for business. So, Butterfly, I think, 
therefore is pretty well-poised in terms of how it is going to pan out in the coming years and the 
directions are in the right place.  
 
Coming back to ECD, the three segments that we talked about as far as fan is concerned, there 
is an opportunity for premiumization. We talked about the range that we have got in BLDC. And 
premiumization does not mean it is only BLDC which gives a price point at which we can take 
the consumers to upgrade by having decorative offerings and making fan more part of your 
lifestyle experience than something that can do air delivery. So, umpteen work is going behind 
innovation which is consumer led. We are seeing the results of it already. We are a top two 
player in BLDC segment already with almost a lakh fans being sold per month in the BLDC 
category itself.  
 
So, as we move forward, we think that is a significant growth driver for us, but as much as we 
speak, I think we are India's largest player in terms of the economic segment where we play in 
fans also, and there is enough headroom to grow in that segment too, in many other places and 
many parts of India where we have representative market share to our overall market share that 
we have today.  
 
Of course, brand architecture is one lever that we have been talking about, which has helped us 
to drive Agri is something that we want to focus. We are an 85%-90% residential led category. 
Over a period of time, we want to grow agri and residential together and see where we land.  
 
And importantly, appliances have given us enormous amount of success in the last three years, 
and this is something as you could see is probably a start. You have seen appliances, particularly 
the small domestic appliances category growth that we have seen is more an initiative that we 
have started in North and South. We have the East and West market available with us. We have 
e-commerce as a channel that is wider because this is prone towards e-commerce. So, there are 
enough opportunities available within the appliances space for us also to grow, so, not looking 
at a near-term growth target or where FY '24 will lead to, in the long term. 
Shantanu Khosla: 
In terms of the way we look at our offline objective and this is the long-term, mid-term is, we 
always want to grow our categories faster than the market. Said another way, we always want to 
aspire to have programs that build our market capabilities. As Kaleesh outlined, for all the ECD 
segments and for the broader kitchen appliances we think we have the opportunities and 
programs which will enable us to do that. In fact, as we mentioned the early signs indicated that 
they are doing that. I think as Kaleesh mentioned, we still have a couple of things to sort out, but 

 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
we believe we are sorting that out. So, it probably take a little more time to get on this track of 
growing faster than market.  
Moderator: 
Sure. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question since we have run out of time. I would 
like to thank the management of Crompton Consumer for taking time out and giving us this 
opportunity and also giving us a detailed presentation and patiently answering all the questions. 
Thank you so much, sir. Any closing remarks that you would like to make, sir?  
Promeet Ghosh: 
Thank you very much for joining us. We will keep in touch and in case you have any other 
questions, feel free to reach out to Natasha, and well, we keep chatting in the future.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much.  
K. Arunachalam: 
Thank you, Kunal. Thanks everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. This concludes the call. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
Contact Details: 
Investor Relations: 
crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in  
Registered Address: 
Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, 
Equinox Business Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400070 
Website: www.crompton.co.in  
CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
 
 
