OM INFRA LIMITED 
(Formerly known as OM METALS INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED) 
CIN: L27203RJ1971PLC003414 
____________________________________________________________________________ 
Regd. Office: 2nd Floor, A-Block, Om Tower, Church Road, M.I. Road, Jaipur-302001 
Tel+91-141-4046666 
 
 Website: www.ommetals.com E-Mail Id: info@ommetals.com 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Date : 24.08.2023 
To, 
Corporate Service Department, 
 Bombay Stock Exchange,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Fax No. 022- 
22723121/3027/2039/2061/2041 
Scrip code: 531092 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange Of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G Bandra Kurla 
Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 
Fax No. 022- 
26598237/38;66418126 
NSE Symbol: OMINFRAL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call  
Dear sir/madam, 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call held by Om Infra Limited (“The Company”) on 
August 21, 2023 to discuss the results of the Company for the First Quarter ended June, 2023. 
  This information is also hosted on the Company’s website, at http://www.ommetals.com/#/concall 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you 
For Om Infra Limited 
 
Vikas Kothari 
Managing Director & CEO 
DIN : 00223868 
 
VIKAS 
KOTHARI
Digitally signed 
by VIKAS 
KOTHARI 
Date: 2023.08.24 
13:42:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Om Infra Limited 
Q1 FY’24Earnings Conference Call” 
August21, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKAS KOTHARI –DIRECTOR AND PRESIDENT – 
OM INFRA LIMITED 
 
MR.SUNILKUMAR JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
OM INFRA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VISHAL MEHTA – STELLAR IR 
 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Om Infra 
Limited Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter star and 
one on their touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the queue, please 
enter star and two. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Mehta. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I on behalf of Stellar Investor Relations 
welcome you all to Om Infra Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We shall be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
We have with us today the senior management team of OmInfra Limited Mr. 
Vikas Kothari, Director and President and Mr. Sunil Kumar Jain, Chief 
Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the 
statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in nature and 
may involve risk and uncertainties. The documents relating to the company's 
financial performance have already been uploaded on the website of the stock 
exchanges and the company. I now invite Mr. Vikas Kothari to share his 
initial remark on the company's performance for the quarter. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Hi, good afternoon and thank you and welcome everyone to our company 
conference call. For those of you joining us for the first time, let me give you 
a quick run through our businesses.Let me start withour core business. As 
many of you may already be aware, our core competencies lie in engineering 
services, EPC, mainly aimed athydro irrigation, pump storage projects, power 
generation, and water supply projects. Since the last few years, few decades, 
our company has made several strides in the area, and today we are one of the 
leading players in Turnkeyexecution contracts for hydro power EPC, Hydro 
Mechanical. 
 
We are one of the largest companies in India, which includes equipment like 
gates, liners, trash racks, mechanical and hydraulic hoists. These are very 
niche and monopolistic business for us, where we are the market leaders. And 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
other than this, we are also into irrigation projects, Jal Jeevan Mission 
projects, pump storage power projects, hydro power projects, and irrigation 
projects, both in India and abroad. In terms of our order book, we are proud 
that our current order book stands at more thanINR2,900 Crores and it 
contains a good mix of hydro and water projects as well as Jal Jeevan 
Mission projects. 
 
And it is almost 4Times our current revenues of FY23. More importantly, our 
order book has grown almost four times since March 2018 to March 2023 at 
almost INR3,000 crores and sales have doubled in the same period. Let me 
take a minute to explain the nature of these projects. The hydro, water and 
pump storage projects, which are typically irrigation, dam building, hydro-
mechanical equipment are executed over two to three years' period and give 
us a good 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. 
 
Our current order book from these projects is about INR1,200 Crores with a 
good mix of state, central and a couple of foreign projects. Revenues of these 
projects are recorded on a project completion basis. The second vertical is Jal 
Jeevan Mission projects where there are two major components, pipe 
procurement, laying and other EPC related works related to Jal Jeevan 
Mission projects mission. These projects are to be executed over a two to 
three-year period with a healthy EBITDA margin of about 12% to 15%. 
 
However, the nature of these projects requires us to put in upfront expenses 
for procurement while book revenues upon completion of the section are 
milestones. This causes some volatility in our quarterly numbers including 
our margins. However, upon completion of the entire project we expect to 
achieve a 12% to 15% EBITDA margin. Our current outstanding book for Jal 
Jeevan Mission projects is about INR1,772 Crores, out of which INR1,164 
Crores is in Uttar Pradesh and INR608 Crores is in Rajasthan. 
 
Once executed, these projects will open the door for other similar projects 
with the central and state governments. These projects and also hydropower 
projects also carry a component of O&M (operation and maintenance), which 
gives us a steady revenue over a 5 to 10-year period also from the same 
project. The company also plans to participate in upcoming tenders of almost 
INR2,500 Crores for some of the key projects in hydropower space. And we 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
also plan to participate in pump storage projects, which have been announced 
by the Government of India.  
 
Coming to the industry outlook, our potential and the company's growth, over 
the past decade the Indian energy sector energy transition has resulted in a 
substantial shift from fossil fuel-backed sources to renewable energy. 
According to National Electricity Plan 2022, India would need an additional 
17,000 GWof hydropower capacity added between 2022 and 2031 in order to 
sustain 500 GWof renewable energy on the grid. 
 
Over time, the government has brought in various enablers to help the 
industry, which is important since India is aiming at 50% capacity from non-
fossil fuels sources by 2030. Apart from hydroelectricity, the government, 
including the state governments, are focusing on river-linking projects, water 
supply, irrigation projects, Jal Jeevan Mission projects and also generation of 
power through pump storage projects.These water infrastructure projects 
could cost the Indian government about 270 Billion over the next 5 to 15 
years.  
Let me now take you through some key liquidity events that we see 
happening over the next few months and years. As some of you will recollect, 
we commenced the process of monetization of housing projects in our real 
estate portfolio. The two projects that are currently in progress are the 
Pallacia project in Jaipur, which is unique, high-end, RERA-compliant 
apartments, having a complete lifestyle experience with luxury living where 
construction is completed, and the process of handing over of the flats has 
commenced. 
 
We have also received the OC for this project. The project has also received 
RERA Completion Certificate in Q1 FY24. We expect to secure almost 
INR380 Crores over the next few quarters from this project. Om Green 
Meadows in Kota, which is a residential township that has flats, villas, and 
apartments, and provides residents a complete lifestyle experience. This 
project has been partially handed over, and we expect to secure almost about 
INR60 Crores as the project completes fully over the next 2-3 years. 
 
Coming to our MHADA project in Mumbai, we have been holding this land 
since 2006, and we invested about INR106 Crores at that time. Due to its 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
large size of development, we tied up with DB Realty, and consequently our 
holding in the project got diluted to 17.5%. Of course, as is the case with 
slum rehabilitation projects, there are inordinate delays in slum clearance. 
The consortium appealed to the arbitration against MHADA, and the matter 
is finally heard and award is received, with some of our claims accepted and 
some of our claims not accepted. 
 
So, it's a mixed award, where we have received some benefits, and we are 
still challenging some of the claims that we had put in arbitration. That will 
be challenged in the high court. We anticipate from this project that upon 
settling the matter, more than 2million square feet of developable area will be 
available, and our share of realizable value works out to approximately 
INR750 Crores, as per current market rates, subject to sharing ratio, which 
will be determined once we tie up with any other developer, or if the DB 
decides to do it themselves. So, there is still a bit of ambiguity on this. 
 
On our other arbitration matters, which have been long pending, we are also 
seeing some bit of closure, and we expect to receive almost more than 
INR600 Crores once all the matters have been resolved. Let me quickly take 
you through these arbitrations and these disputes also. We are very happy and 
pleased to announce that we have reached the final settlement on the project 
against NEEPCO, which we had been fighting with for the last 15 years. 
 
So, under the guidelines given by the Ministry of Power, we have received 
claims worth INR18 Crores already, and we have received bank guarantees, 
which we stuck with the project for the last so many years, worth almost 
INR21 Crores. And some balance amount is also expected to be received in 
the next few weeks, I would say. So, this finally puts a closure to a 600-
MegaWatt project, which we had completed some time back for the central 
government, Ministry of Power. 
Then we have the second project, which is NTPC, which is the Tapovan 
Vishnugadh project. Our company won an arbitration award of more than 
INR50 Crores there, and NTPC had accordingly deposited the amount in the 
court and challenged the award in Honorable High Court. We had filed our 
claim for settling the matter at 65% under the Vivad Se Vishwas II scheme. 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
The central government has come out with Vivad Se Vishwas II scheme, 
under which if you have won the arbitration already against the central 
government PSU, then we can receive a 65% amount against the awarded 
value. So we are hopeful that this should also get concluded in the next few 
months, which will bring in a significant cash flow to the company. 
The largest piece of the matters in the arbitration is the Bhilwara Jaipur Toll 
Road, where OmInfra had developed a 212-kilometer road project in Jaipur 
to Bhilwara stretch, where private vehicles' tolling was made toll-free, with 
effect from April 2018 by the state government. And thus, the company 
terminated the concession agreement for breach of contract by the 
government and submitted claims worth INR570 Crores. 
After several hearings, the matter was adjudicated in the company's favour at 
the arbitrator's level. The award has since been challenged in commercial 
court by PWD, Public Works Department, Government of Rajasthan. So 
summing up, we are expecting significant cash flow of over INR1,000 Crores 
from the above-mentioned events, which will be added to the core 
operational cash flow over the next two to five years. 
In conclusion, over the past few years, we have continued to build our 
strengths and have increased the scale of operations of our company, with a 
large order book at hand and our demonstrated track record and leading 
position in hydro and water infrastructure. We believe that we are well-
placed to capitalize on the opportunities in this space and post strong growth 
in the coming quarters. 
I now request Mr. S. K. Jain, our CFO, to take you through our financial 
performance. Over to S. K. Jain. 
Sunil Jain: 
Thank you, Vikasji, for a nice briefing on the entire company's prospects. Let 
me now take you to the financial performance of the company for Q1, FY24. 
At the outset, we are very happy to report that we are at par with our 
expectations for Q1FY24. We have shown a revenue of INR263 Crores, 
which is up against 125% year-on-year, and consolidated revenue of INR267 
Crores, which is up by 84% year-on-year. 
Profitability remains within our expected range of 89%, as well as receipt of 
cost excellence in debt margins, higher share of JJM project, which led to 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
overheads and establishment costs lowered on year-on-year basis. At consol 
level, EBITDA and EBITDA margins are affected due to accounting of the 
inventory carrying costs and other value-addition expenses in Pallacia, in real 
estate Jaipur. 
Against revenue recognition, as an outcome of sale-deal execution, the 
CCwas received in financial year 2023, and RERA completion has also been 
received in Q1FY24, which is a big landmark in this RERA project. 
Standalone EBITDA grew 62% year-on-year to INR22 Crores, forming a part 
of 8.3% at consol level, 59% year-on-year, and INR20 Crores PAT. 
We have also been working on strengthening our balance sheet, and as on 
March ‘23, our gross debt to equity ratio is 0.18x, and net debt to equity ratio 
is 0.07x. As on March 23, non-current liabilities reduced from INR15 Crores, 
and March 23, we had a cash balance of approximately INR40 Crores in our 
balance sheet, which is underlain with banks as cash margin for bank 
guarantees. 
We are hopeful that the shareholders approve the dividend in the AGM, 
which is scheduled in the last week of September, and we are hopeful that the 
shareholders will approve 50% dividend, which we have recommended in 
board meeting in April 23. 
Now I will request again Mr. Vishal to take up the conference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have a first question from the line of Harshh Saraswat, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Congratulations on good numbers. So my first question is on the pump 
projects, which you said in the opening remarks. Can you throw some light 
on what are these pump projects and what kind of orders are we expecting? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Sorry, you said pump storage projects, right? 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Pump projects, yes. In the opening remarks you mentioned. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. So see, Government of India having realized that there is a, you know, 
earlier we had a very good balance between fossil fuel and renewables of 
almost 60-40. But over the last one or two, one and a half decade, our balance 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
is skewed towards fossil fuel. Government of India has realized that this is 
not a good mix for a country to have and the only source of energy which can 
be called renewable and also add to the peak demand is either hydropower or 
pump storage projects. 
So pump storage projects are actually very advantageous, environment 
friendly, and quick to set up. So government has kept a target of adding 
almost 30,000 to 40,000 megawatts through pump storage projects across 
India. 
India has a huge potential of over 50,000 megawatts through pump storage 
projects. And a lot of this development will be done through central 
government PSUs as well as through private sector. So you may have heard 
recently in the news that all the companies, all the power generating 
companies have signed up MOUs with the state governments to develop 
pump storage projects. 
I'm expecting that on an annual basis, we should have a capacity addition of 
at least 10,000 megawatts through pump storage projects. Of course, the 
gestation period for these projects is anywhere between three to four years. 
So even if they start construction today, the capacity addition will not start 
immediately. 
Capacity addition under pump storage projects will start, let's say, from two 
to three years from now. But the government of India has given all the 
benefits, including the categorization of pump storage projects as renewable 
energy, including early and quick processing of environment clearance, 
etcetera. 
Now, my sense is that from two to three years from now, we should have a 
capacity addition of anywhere between 5,000 to 10,000 megawatts through 
pump storage projects. Now, for us, what does it mean for our company? 
What it means for our company is that, let's say, 1,000-megawatt pump 
storage project is there. The cost of – now, I'm giving you a very high level, 
30,000 feet new level number. 
Cost of these projects could be anywhere between INR3 crores to INR5 
crores per megawatt. So any 1,000-megawatt project will be – cost will be 
anywhere between INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores or INR4,000 crores 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
to INR5,000 crores in terms of project cost. And our portion in that will be 
roughly around – hydro-mechanical portion will be roughly around 5% to 
10% of the total cost of the project. 
So on an average, on an annual basis, roughly around INR 400 - INR 500 
Crores worth of hydro-mechanical opportunity comes from pump storage 
projects. I don't know whether that answers your question. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Got it. Got it. And on the – my second question is on the monsoons this year. 
So has the operations had any impact on – monsoons have had any impact on 
– in the projects our company is doing? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Well, monsoon is a regular feature for us every year. Our execution becomes 
slow during the monsoon season. But by and large, it's nothing extraordinary. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Okay. Got it. And on the margin front, should we see improvement going 
forward as we go towards the H2 of the year? Any guidance on that margin 
front? 
Vikas Kothari: 
The margins for us are, by and large, logged at the time of signing the 
contract because most of our contracts are with escalation. So margins are 
logged for us, as I explained earlier, in PSPprojects, in Jal Jeevan Mission 
projects, from anywhere between 12% to 14%. And in the WRD and hydro-
mechanical, anywhere between 15% to 20% EBITDA margins are logged. So 
what changes is only the time when these margins are realized. 
In some projects, these margins are realized upon completion of the project. 
In some projects, it is during the execution, for example, in hydro-mechanical 
projects, it is also during supply and installation when a revenue recognition 
takes place. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Got it. And one more last question would be what would be the taxation rate 
going forward this year? Do we have more losses of off-pass to write off or 
anything like that or should we expect 25%? 
Sunil Jain: 
Let meexplain this, we are adopting the ICDS mechanism of income tax 
which allows us to book the money which has been retainedby the authorities 
as expenses. Suppose, we raise the bill of INR100 and we get only INR90, 
INR10 we book as expenses because that has not been realized by the time, 
we book the revenue. That INR10 under ICDS mechanism is reported as 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
expenses in computation of income tax and which makes our profitability 
almost at either zero tax or maybe 5% or 10% tax. So in our Q1 balance sheet 
we have shown a 0% because the retention money returned by the authorities 
are accounted for expenses in the books. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
So but if we realize this amount, we will be paying taxes that time. That will 
be reversed. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. Suppose in this year, we realize some money which was retained in last 
year then we will have to pay tax. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Got it. And last question would be that ESM we have written to SEBI on this 
ESM thing have we received any reply from SEBI on that? 
Sunil Jain: 
Not yet not yet. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Not yet. Even after our market cap has gone beyond INR500 Crores. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes, they have diluted the ESM2 mechanism by allowing percent upward or 
lower revisions. I think they will not reply because they have already reduced 
the stringent penalties of ESM2. I think by September end, we will be out of 
ESM and we will be on track. By the time, we will have more than INR500 
Crores as the market cap. 
Harshh Saraswat: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. That would be awesome. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sachin Abhyankar 
from Transcend Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Good evening, sir. So just want to reiterate, one thing was answered by you 
on the margins front. Just want to reiterate on the revenue guidance for 
current year and next year from the electromechanical and from the Jal 
Jeevan. That's question number one. 
And the second question I think so it's been answered on the taxation front. 
So just reiteration on the revenue guidance for current year and the full year 
margins because somewhere you have mentioned that the margins in one is 
around between 12% to 15% and margins in the second sector is between 
15% to 20% So just a full year guidance on margins and on the revenue 
recognition for the current year and next year, sir? 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: 
The revenue recognition for the current year will be if everything goes good, 
if the monsoon is settled by August end or September end. We are hopeful to 
clock a four-digit revenue in March '24. But it will depend on many 
parameters of Jal Jeevan Mission going in Rajasthan and UP. But we are 
hopeful that we will clock revenue of four-digit in March '24 with an 
EBITDA of 11% to 12%, safely. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Okay. And what should be your current debt balance because I think you 
have already repaid around INR21 Crores of term loans. So what could be the 
current debt in the books? 
Sunil Jain: 
The current debt in the books is INR17 Crores towards the ECLGS as a 
Corona loan which we took for four years at a very low interest rate and 
approximately INR10 Crores towards earthmoving equipment like, DG-set 
and tele-belt machines which is payable in next three years. So totally INR27 
Crores is the debt which will be payable in next three years. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Okay. And one more question from my side is, what is the situation of the 
bank guarantee front because I think that was one major issue for us in the 
fourth quarter and the first quarter? 
Sunil Jain: 
The external credit rating at BBB- has been taken as favourable by all 
bankers in the financial ministry. We are hopeful that our run rate limit of 
INR250 Crores will be tied-up very soon in the next one or two months. We 
will have sufficient BG limit in hand. We will be able to bid for larger 
projects going ahead. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. If there is something, I’ll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So a couple of questions from my side. One is 
if you can help me in reconciling the order book. So if I just subtract this 
quarter number versus vis a vis the last quarter number, I can actually see the 
hydro in terms of revenue share has increased. Whereas in the commentary 
you are saying that the JJM has contributed. So can you please help me 
reconcile the numbers? 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes, let me explain to you that Q1 at approximately INR150 Crores or more. 
I was saying that in the first quarter itself we have recovered approximately 
INR150 Crores from Jal Jeevan Mission and INR100 Crores from other 
hydropower and civil construction projects. After this execution the mix of 
INR2,900 Crores order book is largely by 60% from JJM and rest is from 
Hydropower and other civil construction projects. So the reconsideration 
sheet has been given in the presentation which is uploaded in the BSE 
website. If you will go through the exact numbers, you will get from there. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Sure. Secondly, in terms of the assets which we've surrendered, the 
FCI projects, So, what is the amount in which we have invested out there and 
how much can we, so what are the plans out there? How do we intend to 
monetize those assets? 
Sunil Jain: 
FCI project? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Yes. 
Sunil Jain: 
The FCI project was terminated without intervention because the land prices 
got shoot up there and some statutory approvals of mixed land use from 
commercial to industrial and industrial to commercial was a little bit 
challenging from the government of Gujarat. We prefer termination of the 
contract and we are hopeful that the land bank of 21 acres which we have will 
be monetized soon by us because the land prices have shoot up there and this 
will give us some additional cash flow in coming years. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So sir in terms of investments what would be our investments out there and 
will we be monetizing outright or will we have to do some construction and 
then monetize that? 
Sunil Jain: 
No we have a plan of monetizing outright because agri is not our forte for any 
other project beyond the hydro-mechanical and this infra project. But the land 
available with us is, as per book value it is almost INR11 crores to INR12 
Crores which we invested in in late ‘18 and early March ‘19 As per current 
market there the price is approximately beyond INR15 Crores to INR16 
Crores. If everything goes good, you'll be able to monetize that INR15 Crores 
to INR16 Crores in next one year approximately. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, sir. That is it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ankita Rao, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankita Rao: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. So sir, can you 
elaborate on the hydro opportunity space? We hear a lot of work is happening 
there and also what is the order inflow for us till now for like FY '24? And 
also, what we are expecting for like, full year FY '24? 
Vikas Kothari: 
See, hydropower, India has probably some of the largest hydropower 
resources in the world after checking only to maybe China. And of that, I 
would say not even 50% has been tappedin terms of generation. So and there 
has been a big gap in the last 10 years in new capacity addition in hydro. So 
having realized that Government of India has announced a massive focus on 
the development of hydropower projects. That is one reason. 
The other reason is that there is quite a sincere effort being made by the 
Government of India to tap the potential in the border-states, be it Jammu and 
Kashmir, be it Arunachal Pradesh and all the bordering states. And therefore, 
the Government of India has told the Central Government, PSU, especially to 
sign MOUs and that has already happened. If you recently read in the news 
that Arunachal Pradesh has signed MOUs with NHPC, SJVN, THPCand 
NEEPCO, all these four companies for development of new projects in that 
region. My expectation is that, the target by the Government of India is to 
add almost 20,000-30,000 megawatts of new hydropower capacity in the next 
few years. 
And this should again result in a significant opportunity for us. Now, we used 
to earlier address only hydro-mechanical portion of the hydropower project, 
which was only 5% to 10% of the total cost of project. Now especially in 
small and medium hydro power projects, we do complete EPC. We have the 
credentials of having completed all 50 to 80 megawatts of hydropower 
projects on a turnkey EPC basis, where we are responsible for the entire 
project including civil, hydro-mechanical and electromechanical also. 
Similarly, we are doing EPC for almost 300 megawatt projects in Punjab, 
where we are doing civil, hydro-mechanical both together. So from design, 
civil and hydro-mechanical we do. So depending on each project basis, we 
will take up either hydro-mechanical alone if the size is big or civil and 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
hydro-mechanical both put together. So just to give you a high-level 
overview, my sense is that, we should add anywhere between INR300 Crores 
to INR500 Crores in pure hydro-mechanical contracts also on an annual basis 
into our order book to give you a very high level in a broad sense. 
Now, the hydro-mechanical is not only from hydro power projects, it's also 
from hydro power projects, irrigation projects, which are basically dams, and 
it is also in pump storage projects. So, from all these areas, I'm expecting to 
add anywhere between INR500 Crores to INR1,000 Crores or a few thousand 
crores over the next few years. 
Ankita Rao: 
Okay, sir. That was really helpful and also can you throw some light on the 
like margins like are these 8% to 10% margins sustainable? Earlier like we 
used to do double digit margins now like is this the new normal that we 
consider? 
Vikas Kothari: 
In hydro-mechanical, our margins are very strong because there is a 
monopolistic business for us. We are one of the market leaders in this space 
of hydro-mechanical equipment. So here our gross margins are anywhere 
between 15% to 20%. Net margins are also in double digits in hydro-
mechanical business. 
Ankita Rao: 
Okay, sir, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the Next question from the line of Jitesh Jain, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jitesh jain: 
Good afternoon, Mr. Vikasji and S.K.ji, Thanks very much for this 
opportunity. Okay, my question again, in the opening remarks, you 
mentioned about the MHADAarbitration that some of the claims have been 
accepted. Can you please elaborate more on that, what kind of claims have 
been accepted and what more claims are you looking for? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Let me give you a brief, although this is still sub-judicial, so therefore there 
will not be much to elaborate on this, but I'll give you a broad highlight. The 
broad highlight is that, we wanted a time extension of our contract with 
MHADA. We have received a time extension. Then MHADA was supposed 
to give us 30,000 square meters of land, whereas they gave us only around 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
26,000- 27,000 square meters of land. MHADA has been asked to give the 
additional 3,000 square meters of land by the judgment and the arbitration. 
Other than these two, we had asked for some relief in the premium amount to 
be paid on the saleable area in this project. We have not received some of the 
release like the premium amount concessions, etc. For those release, we will 
approach the higher courts and appeal against those particular decisions 
which have not been given to us. 
Jitesh jain: 
Okay.Also, is DB Realty looking at actually signing up with some other 
prominentdeveloper or are they going to develop this on their own? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Well, this is still in discussion. We have not finalized. We are in discussions 
with the various developers, but we have not frozen a decision on this. So as 
of now, the intent is to develop it along with DB Realty. But if at any given 
point in time, we see a good offer from any reputation developer, we are open 
to that also. 
Jitesh jain: 
Okay. That’s it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ketan Athavale from 
Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity, sir. I wanted to know, what is the 
EBITDA margin on reported basis in real estate? 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes, on real estate, we have a better margin of approximately 10% to 15% in 
both the projects in Pallacia, Jaipur and in Om Meadows, Kota. In both the 
projects, we are having a RERA completion already and we are going here 
with monetization of the unsold inventory and by the time, the entire 
inventory is sold, we will have safely 12% to 15% of EBITDA in our balance 
sheet. 
Ketan Athavale: 
But that is on the 10% percent margin is on a reported basis, right? As in 
accounting? 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay. And you just mentioned, the Kota project is completed? 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes, partially we have handed over. There were five towers. So three towers, 
we have handed over. Two towers are under the stage of handing over. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay and what will be FY ‘25 guidance for engineering business margin and 
revenue guidance? 
Sunil Jain: 
By FY25, we are also hopeful to achieve four-digit top line with EBITDA of 
12% approximately. But how the things go ahead in the Jal Jeevan mission 
project that only depends on the availability of land and availability of raw 
material. We cannot comment much on that but we are hopeful that, we will 
achieve at least four digit topline. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay and just one thing, when will this real estate business revenue run rate 
actually pick up, what do you expect or in which quarter can we see this pick 
up? 
Sunil Jain: 
The accounting mechanism, we suggest that whenever one gets the registry 
and sealed it off in the apartment then we can book the revenue in the P&L 
part. In the computation of income tax, we can book the revenue as and when 
we get the advance. But in P&L as a company law, we have to revenue 
recognize only when the registry is done. The registry of both the projects is 
going consistently day by day. In this quarter also, we have booked the 
revenue of INR2 Crores from Pallacia and INR1 Crores from Om Meadows. 
In total, both the projects, approximately INR400 Crores revenue will be 
booked in next two years to three years. The real estate segment gains 
momentum as it is going right now. So we are hopeful that by 2026 or 2027, 
we will be able to achieve the full recognition of the project. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay, thank you. I will fall back in the question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sachin Abhyankar from 
Transcend Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Yes, I have a follow-up question on real estate. Since in the income tax, I 
believe, we book on the completion basis, and that doesn't happen in the 
P&L, can you guide us how much is being booked in the income tax for 
March FY ‘23, on a completion basis. I just wanted to understand, how much 
can come as revenue booking in FY ’24? 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: 
In March ‘24, in the P&L part, the revenue booking will be done on the basis 
of registration done for apartments. Suppose we receive a registration of 
INR100 Crores in the financial year, we book a revenue of INR100 Crores in 
P&L part. But in... 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
No. My question is, sir, can you guide us how much of the revenue was 
booked on completion basis in income tax? 
Sunil Jain: 
In income tax, we have already booked approximately INR180 Crores. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
INR180 Crores? 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. 
Sachin Abhyankar: 
And this is for Jaipur? 
Sunil Jain: 
Jaipur.  
Sachin Abhyankar: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Karthikeyan from 
Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthikeyan: 
Yes, good evening, gentlemen. I just wanted to understand the working 
capital slightly better in your hydro as well as in the Jal Jeevan projects, 
hydro especially on both the modes, the EPC and the hydro mechanical 
separately even I missed that part, so can you please explain.  
Sunil Jain: 
From the date of submitting the bills to revenue department of the project 
authority. In Jal Jeevan itself the average time taken is 30 days to 45 days and 
in hydro mechanic and other civil structures from 45 days to 60 days. So, if 
you average that it is 45 days for both the projects after the submission of 
these two departments.  
Kartikeyan: 
So, you are saying hydro even if you do EPC, it would be the same or would 
it be different because when you do EPC would you also be involved in 
procuring the equipment or how exactly would that be? 
Sunil Jain: 
Raw materials are procured like steel and cement which gets accumulated at 
project site and these are installed in the dams or barrages with whatever in 
EPC. And once we submit the bill to the department then we get 45 days to 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
60 days as a debt realization. And overall if you count raw material also it 
will be approximately 90 days to 120 days. 
Kartikeyan: 
So, for example, if you do INR1,000 Crores of revenue from these two 
segments, what should be the year endworking capital numbers like, just 
trying to understand what kind of balance sheet requirements will be there? 
Sunil Jain: 
INR150 Crores will be inventory and INR200 Crores will be debtor 
approximately. 
Kartikeyan: 
Approximately sure, sure, sure. Thanks for clarifying. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up from Ketan Athavale from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Yes, sir, can you tell me what will be the debt trend going ahead and like how 
will interest expense flow? 
Sunil Jain: 
The debt trend will not be much in our business because whenever we get the 
project, we get the mobilization advance of 5% to 10% from the project 
authority. That gives us churning for project execution that is required largely 
for capex which is an equipment which we require if the turnover goes up 
and the order book goes up that will be maximum INR30 Crores, INR40 
Crores in the next one or two years. Apart from this there is not much 
requirement of any term loan or CC apart from existing level in our balance 
sheet as per current case. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay and just one more question on a high level has -- what has changed in 
our engineering business over compared to last five years compared to say 
2016-17-18 what is the difference now?  
Sunil Jain: 
Debt… 
Ketan Athavale: 
No, in engineering business. 
Sunil Jain: 
Are you asking about debt? 
Ketan Athavale: 
No, no, I am talking what has changed in the nature of your engineering 
business, has anything changed over years in what kind of projects you are… 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Vikas Kothari: 
I think two major differences have happened or rather a couple of major 
differences has happened. One is the competitive scenarios become much 
better today. It was -- I told my BD guys to make a list of all the competition 
we used to face 10 years ago. There would be a list of 10 companies.  
Today the competition is only between three to five companies. That is one 
difference only good companies have survived in the last 10 years. All the 
turmoil that our industry has gone through. So, all the good and healthy 
companies are the only ones which have the bank guarantee limits.  
See, our biggest raw material is bank guarantee limits and bank guarantee 
limits are available only to healthy companies. So, that is one difference that 
major difference that has happened. The other difference within the company 
is that has happened is we used to earlier focus only on hydro mechanical 
which was a very small and a niche although it was good margin and 
monopolistic, but the size of the industry was very small.  
Today, we have the qualifications to address larger portion of the EPC in the 
water business. Today we are doing the gel Jal Jeevan projects, today we are 
doing complete dam projects which includes civil and hydro mechanical both 
and electro mechanical also. Even in the hydro power space we are doing 
civil, electro mechanical and hydro mechanical also complete EPC.  
So, we have started addressing a much larger pie of the EPC business in 
water. So, these are some of the big differences and the third and the most 
important is government of India, which had lost its focus on hydropower 
development, has renewed its focus in the last one year. If you see all these 
announcements being made by the Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi 
and the Minister of Power and all the announcements. 
And the values that central government PSUs have signed shows that there is 
a renewed focus on development of both pump storage projects as well as 
hydropower projects. So, these are the major developments and highlights 
that have changed in the last five years. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay. Thank you for your answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vikas Kothari for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Om Infra Limited 
 
 
August21, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Vikas Kothari: 
So thank you very much for everyone's participation. I truly appreciate your 
sparing time on today, Monday, in your busy schedule and participating in 
our calls. As I keep saying repeatedly that we are super excited about the 
phase of growth that our company has received. We achieved our highest 
annual revenues in FY’23.  
And we are hoping to cross even that milestone in FY’24. Times are great for 
our company for the next decade. So, so we value you are being part of our 
momentous journey. Thank you very much for participating in this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
