 
 
www.windlas.com 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
Reg. Off.: 40/1, Mohabewala Industrial Area 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand 248 110, India 
Tel.:+91-135-6608000-30, Fax:+91-135-6608199 
 
Corp. Off.: 705-706, Vatika Professional Point, Sector-66, 
Golf Course Ext. Road, Gurgaon, Haryana 122 001, India 
Tel.:+91-124-2821030 
 
CIN-L74899UR2001PLC033407 
 
 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
 
BSE CODE: 
543329  
 
 
 
    NSE SYMBOL:  WINDLAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ananta Narayan Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
ANANTA 
NARAYAN 
PANDA
Digitally signed by ANANTA NARAYAN PANDA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=201014, st=UTTAR PRADESH, 
street=GHAZIABAD, l=GHAZIABAD, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=d2082d93e15965f73ffccb8ae875405
ffd3ac4c1ae778b6f00eb6c4beaf55833, 
pseudonym=518ea108614c4998bf02594e40c0053f, 
2.5.4.20=4f9344753f9c306bf372fbfc19d4b48e2058
972a7ae663bdd5f59d14242d4bbd, 
email=ANANTPANDA@GMAIL.COM, cn=ANANTA 
NARAYAN PANDA 
Date: 2023.08.16 10:53:00 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Windlas Biotech Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 09th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH WINDLASS – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MS. KOMAL GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Windlas Biotech Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Today on the call we have Mr. Hitesh Windlass, Managing Director, Ms. Komal Gupta, CEO 
and CFO. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitesh Windlass. Thank you and over to you, 
Sir. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for our financial results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. We have uploaded the press release and investor 
presentation on our website as well as on the exchanges. I hope that everyone must have gotten 
an opportunity to go through it. Initially, I would like to discuss the outlook and way forward 
for Windlas Biotech, followed by financial highlights for Q1 FY24 of the company, which will 
be shared by our CEO and CFO, Ms. Komal Gupta. 
 
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Indian pharma market witnessed a sales growth of 
10.7% compared to the same period last year. However, this growth was primarily due to 
significant increase in realization, which rose by 16%, while the volume recorded a decline of 
13.9% as per industry reports. Despite the volumes getting impacted at an industry level, the 
company's revenue increased with a Y-o-Y growth rate of almost 21%. This positive 
performance can be attributed to the sustained growth observed across all business verticals. 
 
The strategic initiatives undertaken by the company to expand customer base, diversify product 
portfolio, have yielded favorable outcomes, evident in the current upswing observed in our 
generic formulation, contract development and manufacturing organization, vertical (CDMO 
vertical). We also saw strong growth in our trade generics and institutional business on account 
of expansion of our product portfolio and increase in institutional business. There may be some 
deviations in the quarter-on-quarter growth as they are subject to seasonal variability. 
Nevertheless, we possess a strong conviction that upward trajectory of growth on annual basis 
will persist. We are consistently engaged in development of a robust pipeline of products and 
exploring various potential avenues for growth.  
In line with our essential goal of enhancing shareholder value, we have successfully concluded 
our share buyback initiative. In the first quarter of fiscal FY 24, the EPS of the company reached 
INR5.79, exhibiting a significant rise from the EPS of INR4.50 recorded in corresponding period 
of FY23. This represents a substantial year on year growth rate of 29%. Furthermore, we have 
achieved creditable success in generating robust operating cash flows, paid dividends to our 
valued shareholders, and maintain a strong liquidity position to explore any potential inorganic 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
growth opportunities. We are on track to achieve mechanical completion of our injectable 
facility by end of Q2 of this fiscal year.  
We have an optimistic outlook on the overall Indian pharma sector. The company is currently 
observing several positive indicators across all its business verticals. Based on companies 
distinctive value proposition and substantial customer engagement, the company is strategically 
positioned to effectively pursue its long-term objectives in a sustainable manner.  
I will now request Ms. Komal Gupta, our CEO and CFO, to discuss the financial performance 
highlights. Over to you, Komal. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you, Hitesh. Good morning, everyone. The company continued the growth trajectory of 
last quarter in terms of both operational and financial performance. The company achieved 
consecutive record-breaking quarterly revenue figures subsequent to its IPO. The company has 
experienced robust growth across all verticals, leading to 21% Y-o-Y growth in its revenue.  
We remain committed to our company's multifaceted Generic Formulations CDMO strategic 
objectives. We continue to stay focused on de-risking our client concentration by expanding 
customer base and increasing our market share through the introduction of new products. We 
plan to continue to enhance our financial performance and target long term growth.  
In domestic trade generic and institutional vertical, we remain dedicated to deliver Accessible, 
Affordable and Authentic medication to undeserved regions of India. Our focus includes 
launching new products and increasing institutional sales and strong distribution network. The 
growth of the generic sector in India will be driven by government policies that promote generic 
acceptance and dependence.  
Exports vertical growth include expansion into semi-regulated markets. However, the growth in 
export markets is fag ended generally as it comes after a certain gestation period.  
Since quarterly growth rates are subject to seasonal variation, it is possible that there will be 
some variances from one quarter to the next. Nonetheless, we continue to make and drive 
business decisions with an optimistic view on growth momentum.  
In Q1 of FY24, we have successfully completed the buyback initiative, amounting to a sum of 
INR25 crores. The EPS experienced a growth of 29% Y-o-Y, that is, from INR4.50 in Q1 of 
FY23 to INR5.79 in Q1 FY24. Just like the previous fiscal of FY22 where company paid 20% 
of consolidated profits as dividends, the company intends to continue to adhere to this policy 
going forward. Our overarching goal remains of generating long term value for our shareholders. 
In FY ‘23, the entirety of IPO proceeds amounting to INR165 crores has effectively been utilized 
by the company. Company maintained a healthy liquidity position of INR138 crores as on 31, 
March, 2023. 
I'll now take you to vertical wise highlights. For CDMO, for the quarter Q1 FY ‘24, revenue 
stood at INR110.2 crores, up 14% Y-o-Y. CDMO vertical contributed approximately 76% for 
Q1 FY ‘24, respectively to the consolidated revenue.  

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Trade Generics and Institutional for Q1 FY ‘24, revenue for this vertical stood at INR30.8 crores, 
up 44% Y-o-Y. Trade Generics and Institutional vertical contributed approximately 21% for Q1 
FY ‘24 to consolidated revenue. 
Exports. Exports vertical Q1 FY ’24 revenue stood at INR3.8 crores, up by 94% Y-o-Y. Export 
verticals contributed approximately 3% for Q1 FY ‘24 to consolidated revenue.  
To summarize the quarterly results, Q1 FY ‘24 revenue at INR145 crores reflected a 21% Y-o-
Y increase. EBITDA metric experienced accelerated growth amounting to INR17 crores, which 
is an increase of 24% Y-o-Y. The profit after tax amounted to INR12 crores, which reflects a Y-
o-Y increase of 23%. 
That's all from our side. We can now begin the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Hi, Komal and Hitesh Ji. That's a question on how many 
facilities do we have for generic CDMO and are they all WHO compliant, WHO GMP 
compliant?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
Good morning, Ashish Ji. We have four facilities and all of our facilities are WHO GMP 
compliant. And one of the facility is also having European GMP. 
Komal Gupta: 
And all four cater to all three business verticals. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes, so all four, we are doing exports, CDMO, as well as our own Trade Generic production. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Got it, that's helpful. Secondly, in the three verticals that you divide your revenues in, so, Generic 
CDMO, Export and then Trade Generic, I think EBITDA level, which of these would be your 
most profitable business? 
Komal Gupta: 
In terms of profitability, Ashish Ji, it's difficult to bifurcate because, as I just mentioned, all the 
facilities cater to all three business verticals. We track them up to material margin level. The 
material margin is highest in exports division. Trade Generic, a bit lower than that. And CDMO 
is around the average of the company, being the highest percent in the overall revenue of the 
company. So like for CDMO, the material margins are the company level margins - 1% here and 
there. For Trade Generics, the material margin is 5% to 6% higher than CDMO. And for exports, 
further 4% to 5% higher. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Understood. That's helpful, Komal. Just last question on the capex front, so where do we lie 
today in terms of our capacity utilization and what is the foreseeable capex? I see in your 
presentation you're talking about injectable foray and getting into injectable manufacturing. So 
could you talk us through, what your expansion plans are, what the current capacity utilization 
is, and what the future capex will look like? 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Komal Gupta: 
So currently our capacity utilization is around 50% in Q1. At this revenue level, we are at around 
50% capacity utilization. As we have mentioned in the earlier calls, 60% to 65% is the peak 
capacity utilization for a CDMO globally as it is looked at. So as with the current facilities, we 
can do a revenue of up to around INR600 crores. Beyond that, if we start having an average 
monthly revenue of say, INR50 crores, we are going to need another facility. That is about the 
OSB business. 
About injectables, we have already invested and by September we expect the mechanical 
completion. So we are on track to what we have said in the earlier call. And the 
commercialization is expected somewhere in Q4 of FY ‘24. So we should see revenues pouring 
in FY ‘25 for injectables vertical. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Got it. I have just one more question. So I saw in your presentation, you have mentioned the Jan 
Aushadhi scheme, and your trade-generic business is trade-generic-plus institutional. So is the 
institutional part here supplied to the government for Jan Aushadhi, is that how I should read? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes, so Jan Aushadhi is one of the institutions that we are supplying to, but definitely more are 
there and our institutional team has won contracts from various army institutions, large hospitals, 
CDHS schemes, and we are continuously expanding the number of institutions as well as the 
number of products over there also. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So, Hitesh, can you divide your current INR31 crores revenue in this quarter from Trade Generic 
and institutional, in between how much is trade-generic and how much is institutional from that 
INR31 crores? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So we are not providing that breakup. 
Komal Gupta: 
And that breakup obviously, the percentage keeps on moving. Because the annual contract, 
institutional portion is as per their demand completely. We cannot drive that really. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Obviously, Yes. And that makes sense. Okay, that's it for me. if I have any further questions, I'll 
get back in the queue. Thank you and all the best. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Thank you. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity Ventures LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations for some good set of numbers. My first 
question is on the CDMO vertical. So we've seen a healthy 15% Y-o-Y growth. Could you please 
help us understand what were the key drivers for the same? And for the full year of FY '24, are 
we expected to grow at similar levels? 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Komal Gupta: 
So Neelam, you are right, we have delivered two back-to-back record quarters. And we are very 
excited and positive about the future growth in all three verticals of the company. Having said 
that, we aren't really giving percentage guidance for the year or quarter wise. The first part of 
your question, what has driven this growth? I think, we have all the right things in place, which 
we have been working long term. So introduction of new customers for which, as we have 
mentioned earlier, we were working on mining of the new customer introduction. We have been 
able to do that introduction of new products, increasing the wallet size for our existing customers, 
reducing the customer concentration, which we have been doing consistently. So we have been 
focusing on not just the immediate growth, but the long term growth. And we believe that when 
you keep doing good things consistently, good numbers are given. The delay is possible, but 
growth is inevitable. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it, that is helpful. When you talk about new products introductions, could you please 
highlight a bit around your product pipeline? Are there any new formulation combinations that 
can be material for us? And if you can highlight a few of them, any products that are going off 
patent? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So Neelam, we don't want to go product specific since some of the pipeline aspects are 
confidential to the competitive strategy of the company as well. However, we are remaining true 
to our focus areas, which are the cardio, diabetic, therapeutic areas, which are seeing the 
maximum momentum in terms of need as well as patients' growth. And we are also sticking to 
our complex dosage areas, where we want to continue to serve our customers as far as the CDMO 
space is concerned. So chronic, sub-chronic, and complex therapeutic areas is our sustained 
focus. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. Next my question is on the Trade Generic vertical. So last year we have grown at a very 
healthy rate of 48% and over the last four years we've been growing at 35% CAGR and the scale 
is not yet large as we stand today. So is it fair to assume that over the next couple of years, we 
can grow at the historical rate? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So again, while we are not providing the guidance as such on vertical wise, but we see 
tremendous potential in this vertical as I have been mentioning over the past calls as well, that 
this is an underserved market. And with the increasing spending in the hinterland of India, small 
B types, kasbas and even villages and interiors. This is where we are focusing. And this is almost 
a Blue ocean kind of a space. And we really believe that a huge way to grow is possible over 
here.  
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it. Lastly, my question is on the EBITDA margin. So over the last eight quarters to nine 
quarters, our margins have been in the range of 11% to 12%, despite our gross margin increasing 
by almost 150 basis points to 200 basis points. So at what scale can we start seeing operating 
leverage flowing down to EBITDA margin going forward? 
Komal Gupta: 
So Neelam, operating leverage is kicking in and you see also consistent increase in the margins. 
So while it may not be a very high number, I can explain also that there, so strategically through 
our P&L, we have been investing on the long term thing. So having umbrella brand created for 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
our Trade Generic division, which should enable the growth that we are targeting. Increasing the 
team size for generic division, bringing in good leadership team, having them motivated through 
various initiatives, are all the things that we are working on to be prepared for the kind of growth 
that we want to deliver. And that is why, although there are operational efficiencies in place, we 
also want to continue to do the right thing. Operating leverage is kicking in, as you can see in 
the material margin. In expenses also, the growth should be visible, as if we are able to continue 
to deliver on the growth of revenue. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
What would be the steady-state EBITDA margin that our business can deliver over the medium 
term time horizon, let's say three years to four years? 
Komal Gupta: 
There can be a 2% to 3% growth in the current EBITDA margin. 
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it, that's helpful. Thank you. 
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Yes, hi, good morning. A couple of questions. In terms of this CDMO business, what has been 
the repeat business for us and what has been the new business for us? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, we are actually very proud to say this, Sir that we have never lost a customer in the last 20 
years, 20-plus years. We might have said no to a customer, but we have never really lost a 
customer. There are time-to-time some brands, if a customer takes them into their own facility, 
they can have, but most of our contracts are also five-plus years and they get continually renewed 
by all our customers. So in terms of as we launch new products like new DCGI permissions that 
we get for different launches, then in that quarter, for example, a lot of contribution from new 
launches can be there. Sometimes there is a demand spike that happens in existing products. So 
it's a very changing aspect and we have not been reporting out on these variations. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So if I take the INR110 cores of CDMO you have done for this quarter, just from number 
perspective - so you mentioned that almost all of them would be from repeat customers, so 
almost 100% repeat. So then how much would have come from new products from the existing 
customers? So let's say, you're supplying product A, B, C to an existing customer. Now you've 
actually started supplying the fourth product to the customer, right? So how much usually it 
happens over a rolling three-year basis or a rolling five-year basis? 
Komal Gupta: 
It keeps on happening, honestly speaking. The products which are being sold by all the big 
pharma companies, the proportion keeps on changing every couple of years or two/three years. 
And as their proportion changes, of course, our proportion keeps on changing. So while the 
business with the customer continues or keeps on growing. The portfolio of the product keeps 
on changing. Either the volume keeps on increasing or reducing, or there are additional products 
so it's really honestly difficult to… 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Lakshminarayanan: 
When you start a year, what kind of visibility you will have on your CDMO business, is it that 
you have clear visibility of the growth start of the year or you have like a three five year order 
book kind of visibility, subject to macro conditions. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
In the CDMO business in India, typically customers have, like for example, multinationals give 
us a two quarters to three quarters kind of visibility. Some of the large Indian corporates will 
give at least one quarter, maybe they will give one plus one quarter. So, there is a production 
plan that is made with some months having firm orders and some having tentative ones and there 
can be changes. 
And some of the smaller customers will be more on in terms of a lead time perspective and they 
will have a lesser visibility. So very, very hard to, you know, give a definitive answer on this. 
But what we have in place is that our procurement is all against orders. So, we sort of make sure 
that back-to-back procurement is done like that in terms of you know our how we manage our 
supply chain. But the visibility ranges very differently across different customers. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
All right and let's take your top five customers as a cohort, right? For those customers, what 
would be their share of business to you? Let's say that their procurement budget is, say, INR100. 
And you just take a sense of these top five customers, how much they would actually be 
outsourcing and how much of that would come to you? And how do you look at it as a marker 
to improve penetration to the same customer? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
See, our top two customers are also top five customers in the Indian pharma market. So, for 
them, obviously our share, wallet share will be much smaller. Perhaps we might be at 1% of the 
overall outsourcing. And then as we go further down, we have different sized customers who 
fall in our sort of top customer list and their wallet shares could be higher. 
I don't think that we would be more than 10% wallet share of most of our customers. I think that 
would be the highest probably. That is my guess, because customers also want to diversify. And 
as we have also stated, we also want to reduce client concentration. So, we are actively always, 
while we don't say no to business, but we are always making sure that we are not over-dependent 
on one customer. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Any particular science or therapy or chemical where you are the de facto leader, I mean 
though you are a 1% for a large customer, maybe he would for that particular line of products 
he would definitely buy from you. Is that something like that where for some certain lines you 
are the de facto single source supplier? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So no, definitely not single source. And I don't think any company in India would be single 
source in most of the large therapeutic segments. For us, antidiabetics and cardiovascular are the 
most important segments. In anti-diabetic products, we have more than 200 brands in the pharma 
market that we are manufacturing for, and cardiovascular, more than 180 brands. So, I would 
say that, from a reputational perspective, these two therapeutic segments are usually, we have a 
significant presence in. 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And last question related to your operating cash flows. So, if I look at the last five years, 
your operating cash flows have been a little underwhelming compared to the overall net profit, 
right? However, last year, FY ‘23, it was very strong. So how do you look at it? Is that a metric 
you track or you're more top line and margin focused and whether the operating cash flow fits 
in your overall scheme of things and what's your guidance in terms of operating cash flow as a 
percentage of the operating profits? 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes, we are a very, very strong capital focused company in addition to being a profitability 
focused company. And we have consistently been working on increasing the liquidity and profits 
both. So, on working capital last year, as you saw, we did good. Before that, they're having 
things like COVID and then also increasing working capital against which we use the IPO 
proceeds. 
However, last year we have done better and this year we see further improvement in the overall 
operating cash flow generation and liquidity position of the company. We stay committed to 
have a very good hold on liquidity, which also enables us to look at any inorganic opportunities 
that might be there and to also reward the shareholders to which we stay really committed. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Thank you. Just one last question. So, we have seen increased scrutiny of CDMO players due to 
certain unfortunate events that have actually taken place across the globe for Indian exported 
pharma, right? Does it make us in a better place or is there a consolidation in the industry or 
there's an increased cost of compliance? I'd love to hear your comments on that 
Hitesh Windlass: 
See, actually, we believe this is a great opportunity for responsible and established players like 
Windlas. All our facilities are already complying to WHO GMP guidelines, which the regulator 
is now pushing and asking other industries also to step up to. A lot of our quality and risk 
associated with bad quality can be judged by the kind of clients that we are serving. 
So, a lot of our client base is, we are serving almost all the top multinationals and that our 
facilities get audited almost 70 times, seven zero, 70 times a year. We have many of our 
customers who have permanent representatives sitting in our facilities overseeing some of the 
lines that their products might be in. 
So, all of this allows us to learn and improve even more than what is the minimum requirement. 
So, we are continuously upgrading our systems, processes, people, training, and this oversight 
by customers is actually a great way for us to stay ahead. So, we actually believe it's a great 
opportunity for responsible companies like Windlas to be the reliable supplier to our customers 
for taking high quality products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Gandhi from Glorytail Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Komal ma'am, I guess you have said 
that the peak capacity, the revenue will be INR600 crores, right? 
Komal Gupta: 
Correct. 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Hitesh Windlass: 
From the current factories, yes. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
I mean, last year we have done almost INR520 crores. So, how much time will it take to increase 
our capacity, in case we reach up to that capacity, full capacity, 60%-65%? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, you know, there will be of course some areas where we can even with some small capex 
improve capacity even in our existing factories. We are looking at these things and these 
initiatives take typically three to four months not more than that and beyond that let's say we can 
roughly say that we can enhance our current capacity by another 10%, 15%. 
But beyond that, if we are to create a new facility or buy a new facility, then we believe it could 
all be done in about close to about six to nine months, assuming that we select a good platform 
and then refurbish it or something like that. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
And how much that 10 to 15% increase will take our turnover to? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
In the same proportion you can imagine. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
INR700 crores to INR800 crores? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
10% to 15% of 600. Right? 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Okay. And will it hinder our growth ahead? I mean, if we take almost a year to add another 
capacity, and if we have another growth opportunity, will it hinder our growth in any way. If 
there is an opportunity? 
Komal Gupta: 
No, no, we are completely on track, in control, have already actively been looking at the solution. 
And of course, we are never going to be in a situation where we can increase the growth, but 
capacities are not available. We would never be in that situation. 
Gaurav Gandhi: 
Okay, and the second question is in the slide number 23, it says that we are among top six in 
organized category, as against top five as mentioned in the prospectus at the time of IPO. So 
have we lost market share to someone else or are we not able to catch the entire growth 
opportunity here? 
Komal Gupta: 
We don't know honestly, because the data of most of the competitors, very few being in the listed 
space, we are not aware of the numbers. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Right, and  it has been said that there was some M&A activity that happened which has changed 
the ranking slightly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. Please go ahead 
with your question, sir. 
Narendra: 
Yes, so I was saying I needed a clarification regarding the previous question. So, say the need 
arises in say one, one and a half year to expand our facilities. So, are we ready for that? I mean, 
do we have the say land banks and everything ready for it? 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Komal Gupta: 
So, we are actively looking out for the faculty if something can be bought out in the nearby area 
and can be converted for our usage. And also, apparently if there is need be, we are confident 
that we would be able to be ready by the time needed there, for being able to provide the growth. 
Narendra: 
And also, regarding the injectables portfolio, so what kind of additional revenue are you 
expecting from that and what was the capex for that facility? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, regarding capex, I want to mention that we have purchased all new machines instead of any 
used machinery as was we had contemplated in the prospectus that we would be able to use some 
used machinery but we have gone with brand new machines across the board, which provide us 
more longevity, more higher speed, throughput and greater automation. 
We have also added one more section, which is lyophilized vials, which is high in high demand 
in export markets. So, there is a cost increase compared to our initial estimate. And but this plant 
will help us enter the injectables business with a state-of-the-art system that meet global 
standards of GMP and confidently build the injectable business. So, with these three lines of 
liquid ampoules, liquid vials, and lyophilized vials. 
And we also have space where we can add more lines just by adding the machinery. So, no other, 
you know, supporting utilities work will be needed to further improve capacity, should we want 
to, depending on how the utilization transpires.  
Now your question around the potential for this, we believe that for injectables, typically the 
asset turnover ratio is approximately 1.2 times, so our capex at 70 roughly, mean that, we could 
do approximately 1.2x as a maximum of what the current facility will give. And as we add more, 
then obviously in some ways, we can get more. 
Narendra: 
Okay, that helps. And also, regarding the exports that, you mentioned in the opening comment 
like there's a gestation period. So how long is that period and is there any time -ine, where we 
could see a bump in the exports in the coming years? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So the gestation period typically is you sort of have to get a dossier ready for and for different 
markets, it's different. If I speak about the ROW market, Southeast Asia, CIS countries, some 
parts of Africa, Francophone and others, it's about close to about one and a half years for, from 
filing of the dossier to approval and then the business starts. 
So, we have been continuously filing products in various of our target markets and as these 
mature at different points in time, after the approval, the business will start. So, that's why we 
have been saying it's a fag-ended growth and most of the results of this work will show up in 
year three, year four and further onwards. 
Narendra: 
 
Okay, thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Miten Lathia from Fractal Capital Investments. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Miten Lathia: 
Yes, hi. Just one question, slightly medium term. Given that the overall market, Indian pharma 
market growth is now probably settling down towards high single digits or 9%-10%. How 
realistic is our ambition to be able to double CDMO revenues in five years? I know maybe this 
question has come earlier but now it's becoming more and more apparent that, overall market 
growth will not support that ambition. Do you think you want to revisit that target? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, Miten, there is a while there is a growth number that is coming from, the overall growth of 
the market. But, we also see that, there are regulatory changes happening. We just spoke about 
how, the government is asking much more compliance level. And we believe that, a fragmented 
industry with quality pressures will end up benefiting the top end of the industry.  
So, my sense is that if we execute to our plan, and stay focused on delivering quality, there might 
be some changes that happen, okay, CDMO versus trade generics versus exports, some things 
could happen, but overall, we are very confident that, we will be able to achieve our aspiration. 
Komal Gupta: 
And Miten, the last two quarters, we have seen that really, if we continue to work on the right 
things, we have been able to deliver as against the numbers. So as Hitesh in his opening remarks 
said, that last quarter, it was a negative volume growth in the market. However, we deliver the 
good percent growth in CDMO division as well. 
We think that, if we continue to do all those things and everything else being in place, like all 
the professionalization that, we have been doing in terms of our own team, our motivated 
employees, manufacturing facilities being good, quality being our focus, new product pipeline, 
we are very, very positive for future. 
Miten Lathia: 
 
That would be great. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Hitesh Windlass:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi, good morning. Just a clarification before I ask my question. You said the injectable capex is 
now at INR70 crores odd. What was it estimated at earlier? 
Hitesh Windlass:  
We had estimated that, at around INR50 crores plus minus few, two years ago. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay. 
Hitesh Windlass:  
With only one less line and at those prices. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, and while you have mentioned that, the injectable facility will – can give an asset turn of 
1.2x, what is the kind of utilization, we're assuming for year one, with it? Will it break even in 
year one, which will be FY ‘25? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, Alisha, obviously, we definitely want to have, all efforts and we are already looking at 
bringing our potential customers for site visits starting end of September. So, while the plant is 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
in the process of being qualified, process qualification, media fill, and all these activities are 
going on in Q3. We want to, we are already planning to bring customers for site visits and get 
them to see the facility and look at discussions for bringing products in. And our goal, of course, 
is that, we want to achieve break-even as soon as possible. 
But obviously, this is an area that we are re-entering after a gap of almost eight years, because 
until 2015, we were doing injectables in plant one. So there will be some obvious time that it 
takes. It's hard to say, so I cannot answer that question, but we believe that, if we, we are very 
conscious that it should not have a detrimental impact on our bottom lines. And that's something 
that we are taking seriously and trying to work in parallel. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
And this facility will be for the export market? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes, early on, we will start commercialization with for our trade generic vertical itself because 
currently we are buying some injectables from outside, which we will, simply move in house. 
So that will help us, to some extent. And then CDMO, but as we file export registration from 
this facility, slowly the export concentration will rise over subsequent years. 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes, so mix might change, but this facility would be serving all three business verticals.  
Alisha Mahawla:                              Okay, and what is the kind of capex, you're planning for the current year? Because like 
somebody was asking earlier, the peak revenues of about INR600 crores odd, seem to be 
achievable in the next couple of quarters. And there is some de-bottlenecking which can help 
us improve our capacity utilization by 10%, 15%. So what is the capex for the current year? 
Komal Gupta: 
So we expect that, we would start off in the first year with somewhere around INR20 crores to 
INR25 crores, but we'll ensure that, we have space to do further expansion in case of higher 
revenues, which should be further INR10 crores to INR15 crores. So net-net around INR40 
crores should be spent, but we would not spend, right now at least, we do not plan to spend 
everything in one go. We would try to go phase-wise. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, so INR40 crores in two parts, to help us expand the capacity by about 15% odd? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
No. This is to meet the next five years need for capacity. The 15% odd will be taken care of in 
our regular annual capex. 
Komal Gupta: 
So INR10 crores to INR15 crores that we do, there should be one to growth here or there, we 
should be able to maintain within that. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, understood. And what is the kind of R&D spend, we are doing? 
Hitesh Windlass:  
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Alisha Mahawla:  
What is the kind of R&D spend that we are doing? 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes, so R&D spend this quarter we did somewhere around, around INR2 crores and however 
this keeps on changing quarter on quarter basis. We expect somewhere to continue on annual 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
basis, the same percentage of sale that we did last year. So, on a sale of INR513 crores, last year, 
we spent around INR9 crores, the similar percent. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, so 1.5% to 2%. 
Komal Gupta: 
 
Yes. 
Alisha Mahawla:  
Okay, got it, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Jainil Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My question was on, now we talked about the wallet size 
that we are targeting. So, any capabilities that we need to add to gain a larger share? How are 
we competing with the larger peers? What is our USP versus them? And it also seems that, we 
are pivoting from core CDMO to exports and trade generics. So, what's our longer term thought 
process here? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Okay, so let me answer your second question first. That trade generics is a very, very rich growth 
as well as a bottom-line opportunity for the company. And as I mentioned in the past, we remain 
very committed to a disciplined operating cash flow, disciplined approach to growing trade 
generic. 
And so that's something that we have been doing very well. That pivoting is still quite far away. 
Today, even our business is still almost 75% is CDMO. So, I would say that, until we see a space 
where more than 50% is being contributed by trade generics, I would not say that, we are close 
to pivoting. 
The key thing to see it is that, the facilities, the manufacturing facilities and network that we 
have created are the same, whether it is serving CDMO, trade generics or exports. And that's 
where the leverage comes from. So, without creating a very high additional cost, we are able to 
serve larger margin businesses. And therefore, this is where this is beneficial to us. 
Komal Gupta: 
And as a business, our strategy always, so we try thinking and delivering in terms of 
diversification. As we discussed that, customer concentration is something that, we have been 
trying to fix. Similarly, in terms of business, we don't want to completely depend on one 
particular business vertical.  
And that is why we continue to try -- to have the high growth businesses, where we can deliver. 
We have been successful in trade generics to our expectations, but we continue to do that so that 
if there are times when growth in one business vertical gets hindered, we still have other areas 
to temporarily take care of that.  
Jainil Shah: 
Sure, that makes sense, but lot of large pharma companies are now focusing on trade generics 
also that are entering the space. Do you think it kind of creates a conflict, once we are also 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
catering to their branded generics and we're competing with them in trade generics. So, is it a 
different product basket they were targeting or how are we doing it?  
Hitesh Windlas: 
See a lot of the trade generics is usually a primary care. So, while a lot of the branded generics 
that we serve are chronic diseases like cardiovascular, diabetes, respiratory and things. So, there 
is some therapeutic area differentiation between these two verticals. However, we do make even 
for customers who are operating in trade generic, we do contract manufacturing for them. 
And we're very happy to receive that business and provide that. So, for us, we don't see any 
competition because, as I said, the scope and the space in trade generics is really, really very, 
very big. So, I think the overall industry, people who are very large branded generic players are 
also launching their own trade generics, right?  
And even in branded generics, when we manufacture between -- there are some CMOs who have 
their own branded generic presence also. So, people work on their own networks and their own 
stockist networks, distribution networks, and serve, capture markets, which are still demand 
hungry. So, I don't see any. 
Komal Gupta: 
Yes, in fact, if these companies focus on trade generics, that actually works in our favor instead 
of being a concern. Because for us, their trade generics pie is also something that can get added 
to our CDMO vertical. And we, being early beginners, have an advantage and know the market 
of trade generics already. So, we are at equal footings there. There's no conflict, in fact, that 
helps us.  
Jainil Shah: 
Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is on the line of Neelam Punjabi from Perpetuity Ventures Llp. 
Please go ahead.  
Neelam Punjabi: 
Thanks for the follow-up. I just had one question on our working capital cycle. So, can you 
please let us know what's the current working capital days?  
Komal Gupta: 
Neelam, the numbers of balance sheet are not -- limited review is not done for Q1 numbers. And 
that's why we cannot give specifics. Having said that, there is improvement in overall working 
capital days.  
Neelam Punjabi: 
Got it, okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Yes, hi, good morning, thank you for the opportunity. I had one question regarding the trade 
generics. So, I remember you saying that it is right now run in a very lean fashion, with a very 
small team and you've scaled to a good level. So, when do you see the addition to the team and 
what are the next steps here in terms of building the business out. And I remember you have 

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
target for the next three, four years, but I'm kind of curious about the team built out and what are 
the focus areas you want to focus on in this area? 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Yes, so as Komal also explained earlier, that part of the reason that we are investing from our 
P&L, so we have already increased gradually our team in trade generics. And we have also taken 
up activities like umbrella branding to strengthen our visibility and position in the trade generics 
setup.  
So, there are activities that we are already taking up and those expenses are part of our ongoing 
P&L. And as I mentioned, this is a very good area. I don't think that the structure of staffing will 
ever mirror that of branded generics. It will always be a more merchandising kind of a sales 
force, but that is something that we are on that and we are expanding.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay, but within trade generics, so would you want to or is there any area that you're focusing 
on in terms of therapeutic area or because I understand that you focus on Tier 2, Tier 3 
geographies, but in terms of the therapeutic areas, do you see any specific areas where there's a 
large gap and you want to focus on that or how does it work?  
Hitesh Windlas: 
So, what we are observing is that, if you look at the Northern belt, the UP, Bihar, West Bengal, 
where the population density is higher, the therapeutic categories tend to be more on primary 
care side and a respiratory pain, gastro, infections and things like that. While when we are as we 
are expanding to sort of the richer states of the South or Maharashtra or other areas where there 
we are finding opportunities even in sub chronic and chronic spaces.  
So, we believe that our model is not essentially to sort of come up with a therapeutic area and 
push it everywhere. We are seeing, what is the demand at that local regional level and then 
gearing ourselves to meet that demand.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. And in terms of tying up with any pharmacy chain, do you do that in trade genetics or 
right now, because I remember you saying about the stockists, but are there any large pharmacy 
chains that you want to tie up with, or will they be your partner in expanding the stage in this, is 
there any thought there?  
Hitesh Windlas: 
So, when we tie up with pharmacy chains, if the brand is belonging to them then, and we have 
some products that we are making for some of the pharmacy chains, then it forms part of the 
CDMO business. But for us, the idea is that we are pushing through, so there are almost 8 lakh 
pharmacies in India.  
And if you look at the largest organized pharmacy chain, that is having only about 6,000 
pharmacies to 7,000 pharmacies. So, the market is very, very big outside of the organized chain 
pharmacies even. So, we are not specifically targeting. If there is something we are doing for 
them, then usually it happens that they want to launch their own brand. So, then it comes under 
CDMO.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay, okay. And in terms of the working capital days, I mean, how does this business compare 
with the remaining part of the business, that is the trade generics part?  

 
 
 Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Komal Gupta: 
It is almost in the similar range, which is quite surprising, but we have been able to control the 
DFOs, which generally is a concern for many. So, net-net for us the working capital days for 
generic business are also similar to rest of the business.  
Hitesh Windlas: 
And so in fact the working capital when you are supplying to a network of let's say 1,500 kind 
of a stockists, the individual exposure for each is, and you're able to see the history of payment, 
the behavior of payment, the focus in terms of what products each one of them is able to move, 
liquidate. So, we leverage all of this history and this data to take our calls in terms of credit 
exposure. And we are very, very mindful of that. So that's why Komal also explained it is within 
the range of what companies overall credit exposure.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. But say, would you have any internal app or something where they can order internally 
or how does the distribution system work I mean. Or is it like they order you have any online 
app on your site or you have people calling or whatever system like right now in terms of the 
stockist if he is able to order and then you having the visibility on the inventory with them. 
Hitesh Windlas: 
Right. So, we have a distribution software that has all the -- that tracks all the stockists that we 
are serving. Their licenses, their compliance level, and the stock levels, of course. And then we 
have an app which works on tablets. So, all of our merchandising team has a Samsung tablet 
kind of a thing where they can, as they work, when they go on tours or they discuss with the 
potential stockists, they are able to online in a live manner, see which stock is at what level and 
what are the different schemes, what are the different promotions, and that's how they work. 
 Komal Gupta: 
And raise the PO, also on this.  
Hitesh Windlas: 
Yes, they can raise the PO also on that.  
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay, great. Awesome. Thank you so much and good luck.  
Hitesh Windlas: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question and answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Hitesh Windlass for closing comments.  
Hitesh Windlas: 
Thank you everyone for all your questions and giving us an opportunity to explain our business 
to you. We look forward to seeing you again next quarter. Thank you.  
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, participants who have missed out due to time constraints, they 
can reach out to the management and SGA. On behalf of Windlas Biotech Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
