 
 
 
91 40 27840104 
 
 
 
 
 
Website: www.tciexpress.in  
Corporate Office: TCI House, Plot No. 69, Sector 32, Institutional Area, Gurugram - 122001, India  
Tel.: +91-124-2384090-94 • Email: info@tciexpress.in • CIN: L62200TG2008PLC061781  
Registered Office: Flat Nos. 306 & 307, 1-8-273, Third Floor, Ashoka Bhoopal Chambers, 
                                                                                                                                            S. P. Road, Secunderabad – 500003 • Tel.: ++91 40 27840104 
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                         Date: June 03, 2023 
 
Listing Department,                                                             
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,                     
“Exchange Plaza”,                                                                  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),                               
Mumbai – 400051                                                                 
Scrip Symbol: TCIEXP                                                           
 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 
540212                                                                                  
 
                                    Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investors Conference call 
     Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated May 30, 2023, please find enclosed the text transcript of Investors 
Conference call, with regard to financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023, in 
compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The transcript of the call has been hosted on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.tciexpress.in/investor-analyst-corner.aspx?invid=16. We request your good office to take the 
above   information on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TCI Express Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
Priyanka 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
PRIYAN
KA
Digitally signed 
by PRIYANKA 
Date: 2023.06.03 
22:01:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“TCI Express Limited 
Q4 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHANDER AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
 
MR. MUKTI LAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
MR. PABITRA MOHAN PANDA – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCI Express Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal to 
operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟, on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now handover the conference to Mr. Alok Deora. Thank you, and over to you 
sir. 
Alok Deora: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Institutional Equities, I 
welcome you all for the TCI Express Q4 FY23 Post Earnings Call. I would like to thank the 
management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Chander Agarwal, Managing Director; Mr. Mukti Lal, CFO and Mr. Pabitra Mohan 
Panda, COO for the call. We'll start with the opening remarks from the management and then 
open the floor for Q&A session. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Chander Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and FY23 earnings call of TCI Express 
Limited. I would like to thank all of you for joining us here today. Our earnings presentation 
has been updated on the website as well as on the stock exchange, and I hope you've had a 
chance to review it. 
I will first briefly talk about the performance for the quarter and then discuss the prevailing 
and projected industry and business environment, and then we'll hand over the call to CFO, 
Mr. Mukti, to present the financial performance of the company. FY23 has been a year of 
growth acceleration for TCI Express. Despite heavy macroeconomic challenges and 
inflationary trends across India, we take pride in consistently outperforming in the industry 
with double digit revenue growth and double digit profitability margins. The accomplishment 
can be attributed to a strong asset light business model, efficient operations and cost-effective 
measures, including the automation of Sorting centres. 
During the Q4 FY23, TCI Express delivered a notable performance with highest ever revenue, 
reflecting our relentless pursuit of excellence and commitment to driving sustainable growth 
with profitability. The growth was primarily driven by the strong demand from the MSME and 
corporate sector, high utilization in the newly developed Sorting centres. 
In the light of robust performance during the quarter, the Board of Directors has recommended 
a dividend of Rs. 2 per share taking the FY23 dividend to Rs. 8 per share, representing a pay-
out of 400% on the face value of FY23. In addition, we also successfully completed a share 
buyback program of Rs. 42.5 crores announced in Q4 FY23. This is a testament to our strong 
financial position and our commitment to rewarding our shareholders for the trust and support.  
In terms of operational achievements, we expanded our presence by adding 35 new branches in 
FY23. This expansion will help us cater to our customers with more extensive reach, leading to 
faster turnaround time. Our strategic investment in automation and digitalisations are paying 
off and reflecting in the structural improvement in cash flow and profitability. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Among our newly launched services, the Rail Express is offering a good traction from 
customers, and we have successfully expanded customer base from 250 to 2,200 and presence 
from 20 routes to 125 routes since its inception. These services are expected to contribute 
positively to our top line in the forthcoming quarters, enabling us to achieve higher margin 
levels. 
For us, business success also means that we take a positive contribution to the world with 
sustainable actions and dedication to society and environment. We are happy to share that the 
TCI Express GIGA Sorting Center in Tajnagar and Pune Sorting Center in Chakan has been 
awarded the prestigious GEM 5 Certification, demonstrating our commitment to promoting 
environmentally sustainable green building design and construction practices.  
With our ESG road map, we are taking bold action to tackle climate change by replacing the 
old vehicles with new standards, investing in automation and installation of solar panels on our 
sorting centers and wherever viable. It will enable us to be self-sufficient in our energy 
requirements going forward. 
The Indian economy has shown a remarkable resilience and still shows very high growth 
potential and is rebounding strongly even in the face of global uncertainties. The government's 
focus on infrastructure development, various reformed initiatives and robust domestic demand, 
the Express logistics sector is poised for significant expansion.  
With the major policy pushed by the government aided by strong economic recovery, we are 
strategically well positioned to capitalize on the remarkable growth potential of the Indian 
economy. Our strategic initiatives and robust fundamentals will continue to propel us forward 
with sustained profitable growth and delivering superior value to our customers. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Mukti to discuss the financial 
performance of the quarter. 
Mukti Lal: 
Thanks Chander sir, and now I would like to discuss our financial performance of the 
company. Our total income stood at Rs. 328 crores for Q4 FY23 as compared to Rs. 316 crores 
in previous quarter and Rs. 300 crores in same period last year.  
 
The company posted a sequential growth of 4% and year-on-year growth of 9%. The growth 
was primarily driven by strong demand from SME and corporate segment as well as higher 
utilization in newly developed Sorting centre facilities. So, this raise is the highest revenue we 
achieved in any quarter. 
Our EBITDA for the Q4 FY23 stood at Rs. 56 crores with a margin of 17%, registering a 
growth of 6.7% and 18% on year-on-year and sequential basis, respectively. The net profit of 
the company stood at Rs. 38 crores with margin of 11.7%, registering a growth of 20% and 7% 
sequentially and year-on-year basis, respectively. 
On a full year basis, the total income for FY23 stood at Rs. 1,248 crores as compared to Rs. 
1,090 crores last year, registering a year-on-year growth of 14.5%. EBITDA for FY23 was Rs. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
202 crores with a margin of 16.2%, registering a growth of 10%. Net profit for FY23 was Rs. 
139 crores with a margin of 11.2% registering a year-on-year growth of 8%. 
We continue to generate strong operating cash flow of Rs. 147 crores and a maintained cash 
balance of Rs. 49 crores. With a flexible capital structure, we are well positioned to fund our 
strategic growth plan.  
During FY23, we incurred a highest capex of Rs. 125 crores, primarily for the purchase of land 
in Kolkata and Ahmedabad for setting up the new automated Sorting centre and for new 
corporate office in Gurgaon and for network expansion by adding 35 new branches to 
penetrate deeper in key growing markets in West and South region to cater the growing market 
demand. 
We will continue to implement the automation strategy in other Sorting centers to enhance the 
overall operational efficiency and ultimately to drive profitability further.  
Thank you very much, and now I would like to open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, 
moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We take the first question from the line of Krupashankar NJ from 
Avendus Spark. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
My first question was on your outlook for FY24. Just wanted to understand that given that 
macro headwinds remain, how would you think TCI Express would grow in FY24? And what 
kind of margin expansion you can likely to see with new hubs coming up? 
Mukti Lal: 
For growth aspect, Mr. Chander would give an answer on that. First, I would like to talk on 
margin expansion. In this year FY24, we again have planning to increase the margin of 100 
basis points. In FY23, we couldn't succeed on that because since day 1 we said we are not 
taken to price hikes in FY23. In this current year, we had targeted and started a process to take 
a price hike from the customer.  
So, we are looking for an increase in the prices at least 2% on an overall year basis. I think we 
will be back to like 17.5% kind of EBITDA margin in this FY24. 
Chander sir, kindly give a guidance on revenue. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Revenue would be about close to 15 - 16%, is what I'm envisioning. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
While we are seeing a lot of headwinds relating to the tonnage growth as a whole this year, are 
we aiming for higher growth with a different strategy, which is more on pricing basis or is it 
more on catering to specific new customers with new branches? What would be our strategy 
going ahead, in this year at least? 
Chander Agarwal: 
We will not be making any significant changes from our business model, or we will not be 
doing anything different to garner additional business. I've always said that our backbone or 
our rider is the economic growth of the country. We will follow that  and if the country is 
projecting to grow at about 7%, we will grow at about 15% - 16%. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
There is nothing more that can be done in terms of getting additional business at the cost of  
1% - 2% more additional business at the cost of lowering profit. I don't think that is justified. 
The top line business is getting the top line only, is nowhere I think a sustainable role model. 
So, we are well equipped and well planned and well-funded internally to increase our business 
growth organically, and we will do so. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
My second question was more to do with your new hubs. I mean, while the overall operational 
efficiency seems to have improved at new hubs which have come too, the margin expansion 
which we were expecting, I think that is still to come through because we've just reached what 
the margins, we had posted in the second quarter. So, just wanted to get your sense on, while 
Mukti ji had just mentioned that there can be 100 basis point expansion due to price hikes. Is 
there Some factor also coming in from that utilization going up? Is that a fair understanding to 
make? 
Mukti Lal: 
Basically, we are planning to put on a second automation in Chakan, Pune in this year and as 
we said, we already started for Tajnagar. So, margin improvement through this system is yet to 
come. We just increases our margin level of 15 basis points only in this year. Next year 
onwards, we are trying to be at 25 basis points on this automation only. So, that will be a part 
of strategy, and it has given us so many benefits, like also mentioned in the last call, which is 
in a benefit and flexibility of operation.  
Whole year we have not faced any challenge on the centre and rather we improved on time, we 
reduced the time from 24 hours to 8 hours on truck waiting time and we also able to reduce the 
labour numbers, and flexibility in operation is there. So once we will be on with both end 
centres i.e. origin and destination, then we will have more probability and more operational 
efficiency on that. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
I have more questions; I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for good performance in this quarter. I have two questions. The first one is 
essentially an offshoot of the previous answer that you gave regarding price hikes. So, we are 
looking for a price increase of 2% for FY24. Now first of all, have you intimated the customers 
regarding the same? How do you see the acceptance of this price hike in the current macro 
environment? and also, the growth that you are seeing in the different sectors, if you could just 
throw Some light on that? That is the first question I have. 
Mukti Lal: 
On price hike side, yes, this is in a process where these all agreements is roll over on a 
different-different date, though majorly 50% were in a first quarter of any year. So, we 
intimate all the customer, and we are able to get some hikes from these customers and over the 
period, we will also be able to get that because whenever it comes for a renewal, we will be 
asked for the annual hikes from the customers, and fortunately the customer is allowing to that. 
And if you talk about market condition, it is good. There is no challenge, and everybody is 
anticipating to grow the economy in the range of 7% and that's guidance given by our MD. So, 
we will be achieving 15% - 17% and like 15% in volume and then 17% - 18%, and we will 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
have in a revenue growth. So, that is our target for FY24. And again, yes, you rightly said, 
we're continuously adding the branches. These new branches and new offerings, whatever we 
started in a 1-1.5 year back, that is also, contributing continuously on this in years to come 
also. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is essentially on the capex that we are doing now. While it is appreciable 
that you are investing where it matters the most, that is in automation, however, coming to the 
return side, the returns in near term might suffer a bit because these investments typically 
would give you return only when the entire network is automated, not when one is automated, 
the other is not. So, your thoughts on that? Do you have a threshold ROE and ROCE in mind 
that my return should not go below this in the intermittent? I understand by FY25-26, all the 
automation centers would be there, So, possibly margins would be in a different trajectory. But 
in the interim period, do you have a threshold in mind? 
Chander Agarwal: 
You have to understand that the addition of what I have also said in the previous concall that 
the real benefit will come when all the sorting centers are automated. However, since we are 
already very efficient in our operations, adding automation in each centre will enhance that 
efficiency in the entire supply chain. 
In our case, in this company, it does not make a difference whether you're adding one by one 
or you're adding all together, because we are already very efficient, because we are asset light, 
and we have a very robust hub and spoke network. We will not see that the theories what you 
are talking about in terms of a dip, because of automation. It will only enhance it. 
 
We can talk on this, I can explain you more later. But if you have any specific other short 
questions, I can answer that now. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we take the next question from the line of Mr. Ravi Naredi from Naredi 
Investments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Really, Chander, our company strategy growing on growth path in your direction and 
leadership. Sir, how much Railway business in overall top line and what is planned for this 
business in next five years? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, you're talking about Revenue, please? 
Ravi Naredi: 
Yes. 
Mukti Lal: 
So, revenue, like, firstly, we have a very mid-term plan for the FY25, we want to reach on a  
Rs. 1,750 – Rs. 1,800 crores revenue and then obviously, again, there's a very simple math on 
that we want to be 2x of GDP growth rates. So, all depending on the GDP. Supposing 
tomorrow GDP starts to grow 8% - 9%, then we will grow in a range of 20% - 22%. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
So, this is our trajectory we have to be grow in that 2x of GDP plus something on that. So, that 
if you see in simple terms, we are always targeting to be have 18% - 20% growth on revenue 
side. 
Ravi Naredi: 
How much our Railway business in this overall network? 
Mukti Lal: 
Railway business just started 1.5 year back, it is still not sizable one, obviously, but it's 
growing very fast, and customers are giving good traction on that and good thing is that it's the 
highest profitable business and in all service level of what we are providing or competition 
providing air service. So, that way is going fantastically and we hope by FY25, we will be 
grow like in a more than 5% in overall revenue. That is our target for that. 
Ravi Naredi: 
How many more sorting centre we are planning in next five years? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, right now, we have only one automated centre. Another one is, we constructed in Chakan 
which will be automated in this year and we already bought the land for five centers, like we 
bought for the Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chennai, Nagpur and Indore and construction is going on 
for the Nagpur project and remaining three - four  will be started this year or next year and 
then we are also, looking to buy the land for Mumbai centre and Bangalore centre. So, by 
FY26, we will be having seven - eight more automated centres ready and functional.. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And I think this one centre will need Rs. 50 crores of capex? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, more or less Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 60 crores on bigger location. If you talk about Nagpur or 
Indore, it will not be may cost more than like Rs. 30 crores, but if you talk about Mumbai, yes, 
it will be like Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 65 crores. So, if you take an average of that, it is in the range 
of Rs. 45 crores to Rs. 50 crores. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And one last, sir, this 2% price hike, how much amount will be transferred to bottom 
line out of 2%? 
Mukti Lal: 
We targeting to be directly transferred to bottom line. Because our balance sheet and 
profitability is very simple. In spite of all the challenges, we are able to maintain our gross 
margin for this year, and we will be certainly enhanced on next year by this price hike. On 
operational efficiency, we want to improve truck utilization from current level. Like last whole 
year, we maintained almost 84.25%, which we will be back to 85% in this year. So, further 
margin will be improved on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Prit Nagersheth from Wealth 
Finvisor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
I would like to understand better is that, given the learnings from the automation conducted, 
the next few centers that we open up, would we be able to operationalize them faster, or would 
it also, take similar time as it has taken for the Gurgaon? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So, basically, Gurgaon centre, we've taken almost one year to start 
from the installation to commissioning and smoothing the process and now we are very good 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
learning from that centre. So, we want to cut overall process from installation to 
operationalisation is maximum to maximum 8 months to 9 months max. So, now we almost on 
the verge to finalize the vendor and I think, hopefully by March FY24, this  automated centre 
will be ready in Pune. We will be having a further cost cutting in this new centre because we 
have a lot of learning from this Gurgaon one and although with a good efficiency. So, this is a 
process, because in India no one have these kind of automation earlier, and this is the first one 
we launched, and we have very good learning, and we will be obviously replicate the same in 
Pune centre and subsequent other centers also. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
The other thing I wanted to understand is that how is the competitive intensity shaping up? In 
the sense that looking at the ROCE profile of the industry and companies like TCI Express and 
others, I think there are other people who are looking to make a growth into this sector. So, for 
example, the recent one was Mahindra Logistics acquiring Rivigo's B2B side. Now, is this 
competitive intensity stopping the margin expansion, or is it slowing it down, or how is it 
shaping up on the ground? 
Chander Agarwal: 
Let me be clear to all that it's not the competition which slows down our margin expansion. It 
is the state of the economy of the country that dictates our margin and secondly, Rivigo is not a 
B2B company, it is a trucking company with own fleet. So, one has to really study the market 
to understand what the business everyone is talking about and what we're actually doing. In 
pure B2B play, TCI Express is the only company that stands. Everybody, every other company 
has a mixture of fuel terms or B2C or Something like that? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan 
Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Congratulations on good numbers sir. I wanted to understand about sectoral growth outlook 
which you are seeing for FY24. We are seeing a good outlook on auto, then whether we are 
expecting two-wheelers also to come back in growth trajectory or the consumer durables 
returning to the growth trajectory? The inflation and the interest rates which have later been 
taking a pause. So, are you banking on the same to revive the growth in this sector and within 
this segment?  
Chander Agarwal: 
We have to really study the market to understand what competition is doing. Most of them 
have B2C, they have petrol pump all that mix as a larger chunk. If you look at the other 
competition you were talking about, there were fleet owners. They were doing B2B from 
running trucks. So, our profile is very different. Pure play Express company, we are the only 
one in the country. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Yes, I was asking about end-user industries. Like for FY24, which pockets, say, within auto, 
are we looking two-wheelers getting into growth trajectory, consumer durables getting revived. 
So, this kind of growth post March, as we see in April and May, the green shoots, the segments 
which were a little bit slow during Q4. So, these segments are picking up or are expected to 
pick-up in FY24? 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Chander Agarwal: 
It's too early to say anything. The year has started. So, maybe later on next quarter, I can give 
you a better idea. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Okay sir, and your decision to going for a 2% price hike during this year, vis a vis, not 
undertaking it in the prior, say H2 FY23. So, this do you still some kind of confidence in the 
sectoral growth assumptions, especially for FY24. So, that's what I was looking for in terms of 
our auto and consumer durables especially. If you can just give a few views on these two 
sectors? 
Mukti Lal: 
We are very confident to be like we started asking to customers, and customers also 
responding on our request to increase the prices and we've already taken some price hikes. For 
whole year, we will be like 1.5% - 2%, we will be take it. 
And industry-wise, you talk about all the industry is doing well. But specifically, like we are in 
pharma, it is all-time industry. New industries came up with kitchenware and bathroom ware, 
this is a new industry or a new segment where we're also, targeting a good revenue with our 
new service offerings. Combination of all the things and our customer base, like 50 – 50 
Interestingly, like always our SME customer is supporting a lot to us, and that's why margin 
level is so high and we just outset the market on that, and we are generating 17% kind of 
EBITDA. So these number of customer base is huge and with the expansion of branch 
network, we further expanding to other customers for especially the SME customers. So, this 
put together, we are confident that we achieve the revenue growth of kind of 17% - 18% in this 
year, and obviously, EBITDA margin, we want to be the 17.5% kind of EBITDA margin for 
this. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
One last question. What are your targets for branch expansion this year FY24? Any specific 
target? 
Mukti Lal: 
We have a strategy to be like, first we opened 450 branches over the last five years. So, we are 
stabilizing that and in this year, we are taking a target to open in the range of 50 - 75 branch in 
FY24. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mr. Jignesh Makwana from Asian 
Markets Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
If you can provide the absolute tonnage volume for this quarter and the utilization ratio for the 
full year? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, basically, in this quarter, we achieved the highest volume growth with volume of 2,63,000 
tons and we are happy to announce first time we crossed the 1 million tons volumes in the 
whole year. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
And what about the utilization ratio for the full year? 
Mukti Lal: 
Full year utilization in truck is 84.25%. In this quarter, we achieved an 85% utilization. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Jignesh Makwana: 
And lastly, if you can provide absolute revenue contribution from the new service which we 
started? 
Mukti Lal: 
For new services, we will be given a one-to-one basis. We are not disclosing the number yet 
because these are, again, not the big number right now, because we started in last year, or 1.5 
years back only these services. So, once this number will be sizable, we will give that level. 
Jignesh Makwana: 
So, when we say, we had a volume growth of about 8% in this particular quarter, balance 1.5% 
incremental growth that comes from the new services, is it fair to say? 
Mukti Lal: 
Rightly said. So, Rail is growing faster than other services, you can say that on overall basis. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Faster than Air and Cargo, less than Surface. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Deepak Lalwani from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, my clarification was on the FY24 growth. So, the assumption of 16% - 17%, is it largely 
industry growth that you have emitted in your assumption, or does it also, assume gaining 
share from the other players? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, basically, we are not gaining market share. So, our dependency is not on that. We are 
depending on our existing customers. Always what we are doing, we're trying to be get the  
50 % to 60% growth from the existing customers and 40% to 50% from new customer 
addition. This is going on each year and that's why we are able to maintain our margin and 
growth level. So, that is the same planning we also have in this year as well. So, we will be 
targeting getting the 50% to 60% growth from the existing customers and 40% to 50% from 
the new additions. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Right, and the 2% price hike which you mentioned starting Q1 onwards, has the competition 
also, taken a similar sort of a price hike? If you can indicate the level of customer stickiness in 
our business. Does this 2% price hike ensure that the customer would stick with you, or he has 
a propensity to switch between the suppliers? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So, very good question. Basically, there is two aspects of that, few companies are already 
asking to increase the prices from customers and few companies, I think, may not be asked for 
that and subsequently, they will be clear their position in Q1 and all. But we started to asking 
for that and good thing is it does because we have a 50% SME customer and they usually 
allowing us to increase the prices in a holistic way. So, we are not facing any challenge on that. 
And we are also, not seeing one supposing we will increase the 2% and customers will be go 
away from us, this is not the case. Rather they are more focused on a service level and they 
have the long relationship with us. Since two decades they are with us. So, that is not a 
challenge at all, which we have done in FY21 and FY22, we will be doing the same for FY24 
also. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Thank you, sir. You mentioned Rs. 1,800 crore is your endeavour top line for FY25 and you've 
given a few drivers on your presentation. So, if you can just elaborate on the increase of 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
customer base and the branch network, Some anecdotal explanation to this would be useful, 
sir? 
Pabitra Panda: 
We are planning for around 50 new branches. Those branches will also give us a boost of 
adding new geographies and where we'll be having a good presence. That will also help boost 
our overall revenue. And these new products, these are also giving us momentum. This will 
also give us additional revenue. From our existing customers, we are also getting very good 
support for new products as well as these customers where we are working their business is 
also increasing. So, all three will give us a better revenue prospect. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Right. Sir, has there been any big customer win in the last 5- 6 months that you're sure of this 
revenue growth and the prospects for the future? If you can indicate any customer wins and 
which category, does it belong to? 
Pabitra Panda: 
We do not divulge the customer name, whether we are mainly depending on major players. 
Auto and Pharma, these two are our major growth drivers, and we are adding more customers 
in these segments. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ms. Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir my question was to Mr. Agarwal. So, just wanted to ask that since listing in 2016, we have 
seen that this year in FY23, our revenues have doubled as well as EBITDA margins have 
doubled. So, this was despite COVID and going forward from here on, I just see that we have 
two main challenge one is DSP and second is rising competition but on the other hand, we 
also, have introduced many value-added products. So, from here on, how do we see the 
business shape up and what's your long-term vision as in with respect to revenues doubling 
from here on and as those doubled revenues, what would be our targeted EBITDA margin? 
Chander Agarwal: 
I think we have given the guidance for doubling our revenue by FY27, and that still holds true, 
and I think even looking at the fact that the profitability will also grow 3x. The entire company 
is now geared to that sort of growth, and as you can see that we have announced levers to 
protect ourselves from competition. So, I don't think any sort of challenge will be faced. 
However, I always say that our rider is the Indian economy and the success of that will also 
determine our success. 
Radha: 
Secondly, you are witnessing good growth in the Rail Express segment. Could you highlight if 
any benefits we are receiving from our group company already being present in a similar 
segment of the business. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Yes, the group company, that's totally different business. They are doing bulk cargo. What we 
are doing is we're maintaining our 18% margins and all of that. And we are using our branch 
network of 40,000 pickup and drop locations and all of that. So, we are a in completely 
different business altogether. 
Mukti Lal: 
To add that, we are doing through passenger trains and we're doing this with good margins. So, 
they are taking like overall full racks, and we are doing through the passenger train. We're 
using that belly space of passenger trains. That's why our service every just equal to air 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
services. Like supposing you want us to deliver from Delhi to Chennai in one day, we can 
deliver. We can be take the material today, we will be deliver tomorrow evening in Chennai 
through passenger train. So, that way our services are express services and is a one third cost in 
comparison to Air and what our other group company is doing, they're doing the full rack and 
it's a different business altogether, it's as a bulk business basically. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir, just one question I had. So, the scrappage policy was to be implemented from April, but 
we understand it's not really implemented in the way it was expected. But if it was to come 
through, then there is a fear of that freight rate going up. So, we are completely on our 
outsourced model. So, how are we looking at that, sir? 
Pabitra Panda: 
The scrappage policy is not going to impact us more because our fleet, which is already 
planned in such a way that all express routes we are two types of route, one is express route 
and another one is feeder routes. We don't keep any fleet above 5 years old in our fleet in 
express routes and not above 8 years in our feeder routes. So, this scrappage policy will not 
impact us. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Krupashankar. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar: 
Yes, just wanted to get the extent of contribution from each end user industry, for example, 
auto, pharma, etc. 
Mukti Lal: 
So, basically, these are the five major verticals which is giving around 55% revenue to us and 
these are like Auto, Pharma, Electronics, Lifestyle and Engineering. So, these five verticals is 
giving 55% revenue to us, and lead contributor like pharma and auto, and then led by like 
engineering and electronics and this lifestyle products. 
Krupashankar: 
Contribution from each of them you wouldn't be willing to share? 
Mukti Lal: 
From one sector it is not more than 13%. It's hovering around in the range of 9% - 13%. 
Krupashankar: 
My second question is to the extent of contribution from new businesses altogether. Just 
wanted to get a grasp what would be that percentage in FY23? 
Mukti Lal: 
Altogether, if you talk about like except Surface, we have almost around 18% contribution. 
Krupashankar: 
Last question from my side. So, when I look at it, the branch addition vis-a-vis the revenue per 
branch, you're going to touch a number which is revenue per branch going to be much higher 
than what we had seen in FY19. So, incrementally do you expect that the mix will be more in 
few of corporates as we take in more and more volumes from new customers from the 
corporate side rather than SME? So, do we expect that corporate proportion would go up? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, that is a very good question, Krupashankar. So, basically, it is not like that. You rightly 
said, we open up these new branches. Even these are small branches but giving the good 
profitable business. That's why we continue to add that. But it does not mean that business 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
from the big customer has reduced as a proportionately. This is also, again, we have the same 
kind of proportion of like 50% – 50 %. It may be slightly improved like 51% - 49% in a 
particular quarter or a particular year. But continually we have the 50% - 50%. Because 
whatever, here we had like 100 SME customers, then one big customer can give the equivalent 
business for that. So, that sense, it is not the case, but though we are always keeping in mind 
we are not depending on a particular one single customer. That's why no single customer is 
giving more than 1% - 1.5% revenue to us and in other terms like top 25 customer is not giving 
more than 15% revenue to us. 
So, that sense, we have a very good system where our dependence on a particular customer is 
not there, and that's why, like you rightly said in FY19, what was my margin levels and what's 
the margin level we have in FY22, this is a sharp jump of that, and the one of reason because 
we have also, added the branches and we are getting the benefit of these small customers 
matching. So, it is very easy to add the business from the big customers. But to add from the 
equal business from the small customers is big challenge, and that's why we are opening up the 
branches to match that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ritik Tulsyan from Concept Investwell. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritik Tulsyan: 
So, my first question is, in Railways, we have grown quite aggressively right, from 250 
customers to 2,200 customers. So, I just want to know what we are doing differently in terms 
of customer acquisition strategy?  
Mukti Lal: 
So, basically, our strategy since day one is very clear. We want to acquire the competition air 
customers, which they are paying like Rs. 100 per kg or Rs. 150 per kg. We want to serve them 
with the kind of one fourth or one third cost with a similar kind of service level we want to 
deliver. So, that's a very clear strategy. 
We had our customers are happy. Though in the first consignment they slightly maybe have 
the doubt because, from Air to Rail, sometimes they maybe have that doubt. But once they 
come in with us, then they're giving the repetitive business to us and with these all customers 
are, good thing is that there's a small-small customer we're doing the business with them.  
And now good thing is happening like consistent or repetitive business is coming from the 
existing customers. So, both way we're doing, like doing the business with the existing 
customers are also, adding the new numbers. So, that's way strategy is very clear. India's Rail 
network is super, and especially passenger train services . Now all services are on time. So, 
that's why this business is getting the traction from the customer and getting good margin. 
Ritik Tulsyan: 
And one more question. So, in terms of customer concentration in specific to Railway 
business, So, do we have the same concentration level as the company level or is it different in 
terms of customer concentration levels? 
Mukti Lal: 
So, our dependence on small customer is higher, not that any big customer, which contributing 
5% or 10% on that particular Rail business, no. It is again, top 10 customers is not contributing 
more than 10% - 15% business to us in Rail as well. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Ritik Tulsyan: 
And I just have one more last question. So, in terms of other businesses, right, that is pharma 
and C2C business, how that is panning out in terms of your expectation, if you may not 
quantify numbers? qualitative number will also, work. 
Mukti Lal: 
So, again, our strategy is very clear. Cold Chain Pharma is very limited business. So, there will 
not be a much big aspiration on this business. But yes, C2C and Rail is much bigger business 
in market, though it is a niche segment. So, we're creating for that and aspiration is higher on 
these two businesses in comparison to like Pharma Cold Chain and all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you everyone for joining the investor call for FY23. I expect TCI Express to continue 
its growth in FY24 and I look forward to speaking to everyone again in the first quarter of 
FY24. Thank you very much. 
 
