 
 
 
 
           Corp. Office: Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
 R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011   
                                      
 
 
 
 
      Tel: (022) 3001 6600 Fax : (022) 3001 6601 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
      CIN No. : L17100MH1905PLC000200  
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9   
Fax : (022) 2493 8388  E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com   www.thephoenixmills.com 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
Security code: 503100 
 
 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 25, 2023, wherein we had informed the exchange 
about the  conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call held on that date with Analysts / 
Institutional Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023, please find 
attached herewith the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The enclosed Transcript is also available on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at https://www.thephoenixmills.com/investors/FY2023/Earnings-Call-
Transcript.   
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
 
 
Gajendra Mewara 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As enclosed 
 
 
GAJENDRA 
MEWARA
Digitally signed by 
GAJENDRA 
MEWARA 
Date: 2023.05.30 
14:41:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earning Conference Call  
May 25, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to The Phoenix Mills Limited Q4 and FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. Thank you and over to you. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. We take pleasure in welcoming you all to discuss the 
operating and financial performance of the fourth quarter and year ended FY23. We hope 
you have had a chance to look at the results presentation shared by us. The same is uploaded 
on the stock exchanges as well as on our website. I will now take you through the key 
highlights of the results with reference to relevant slides of the results presentation from 
time to time.  
To start with the performance of our retail portfolio: Please refer to Page #4 onwards of the 
results presentation for an update on consumption at our retail malls in Q4 FY23. 
Consumption in Q4 FY23 stood at Rs. 2,211 crores, showing a growth of 59% over Q4 FY20. If 
we exclude contribution from the newly launched retail malls, which are Phoenix Palassio at 
Lucknow, Phoenix Citadel at Indore and Palladium at Ahmedabad, this number was 37% over 
Q4 FY20. Consumption at our retail malls was robust across categories in the fourth quarter. 
Some of the top performing categories were Jewellery, up 164% from Q4 FY20, Food and 
Beverage up 64% from Q4 FY20, Fashion and Accessories up 62% from Q4 FY20, FEC 
Multiplex Entertainment up 61% from Q4 FY20 and Electronics up 58% from Q4 FY20.  
Turning to Page #5 of the presentation for an update on consumption at our retail malls in 
FY23. This year, we witnessed the highest ever annual consumption of Rs. 9,248 crores 
demonstrating a growth of 33% over FY20 and slightly beyond our guidance of over Rs. 9,000 
crores. If we exclude contribution from malls launched in FY21 onwards, which are Phoenix 
Palassio, Lucknow, Phoenix Citadel, Indore and Palladium, Ahmedabad, like to like growth in 
consumption is at 19% over FY20. Collections from the retail mall business for FY23 stood at 

 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Rs. 2,167 crores, maintaining the quarterly average run rate of over Rs. 540 crores slightly 
ahead of our guidance of approximately Rs. 500 crores run rate per quarter.  
Moving on to Page #6 of the presentation for an update on consumption for the month of 
April 23. Consumption in the month of April 23 came in at Rs. 851 crores, up 18% compared 
to April 22. If we exclude contribution from Phoenix Citadel, Indore and Palladium, 
Ahmedabad then the like-to-like consumption growth is at 11% compared to April 22. At 
Phoenix Palladium, Mumbai renovations are underway for two of our key stores Zara and 
Reliance Digital and this had a temporary impact on consumption growth. We are delighted 
to announce that Zara has now reopened at Phoenix Palladium, Mumbai in a bigger, better 
and more tech savvy avatar.  
Moving on to a brief update on our newly opened retail malls. Starting with Palladium, 
Ahmedabad on Pages #7 through #12 of the presentation. On 26th February 2023, we marked 
our first presence in Gujarat with the launch of Palladium, Ahmedabad. We have some 
images of the retail mall and the beautiful interiors and art, and decor uploaded on the 
presentation. The mall opened with a trading occupancy of 32% and with scaling completion 
of fit outs this has ramped up to 57% as of April 23. Trading occupancy will scale up closer to 
the leased occupancy of 93% by Q3 FY24. We are also glad to highlight that the trading 
density at this mall in the month of April 23 stood strong at Rs. 1,021 per square foot per 
month; breaking the Rs. 1,000 per square foot per month threshold very early on in its life.  
Moving on to Pages #13 through #15 for an update on Phoenix Citadel, Indore. We launched 
Phoenix Citadel, Indore on 1st December 2022. Trading occupancy has shown a steady ramp 
up and is now at 79% versus 42% in the first month of its operations, that is December 22. 
This mall represents many firsts for us. Not only is this our first mall in Madhya Pradesh, but it 
is also the first certified green building in our portfolio. We are pleased to announce that 
Phoenix Citadel Indore recently achieved two prestigious green building certifications - the 
USGBC LEED Gold Certification and the IFC Edge Advance Certification. Phoenix Citadel in fact 
is the first retail asset in India to have received the IFC Edge Advanced Certification. These 
certifications reflect our commitment to a sustainable development model across our existing 
and new developments, and you will see more progress in this regard across other assets in 
the coming months as well.  
Please turn to Page #16 onwards for an update on our upcoming malls. We are gearing up for 
the launch of our second malls in the cities of Pune and Bangalore respectively. The 
construction at Phoenix Mall of Asia, Hebbal, Bangalore is progressing well and as can be seen 
from the pictures we are completing interior works. We have received the Occupation 
Certificate (OC) for this mall and multiplex recently. Phoenix Mall of the Millennium at 
Wakad, Pune is also on track and expected to commence operations by Q2 FY24 with the 
offices forming part of the mixed development set for launch in FY25. At our retail mall in 
Kolkata, we have completed the demolition work of the old on-site structures and currently 

 
 
Page 3 of 16 
construction activities are progressing. Pre-construction work is nearing completion, and we 
will soon commence excavation on the site. At Project Rise in Lower Parel, Mumbai which 
also has a retail component, requisite approvals are all in place, excavation is nearly complete 
and the RCC work on the tower foundation is in progress.  
Now moving on to the financial performance of our retail mall portfolio from Page #25 
onwards. In line with consumption, our rental and EBITDA growth also demonstrated an 
upward trend. Q4 FY23 retail rental income was Rs. 340 crores up 53% compared to Q4 FY20. 
Retail EBITDA for this quarter was at Rs. 349 crores up 64% compared to Q4 FY20. For FY23, 
our retail rental income stood at Rs. 1,312 crores with a growth of 29% over FY20 and retail 
EBITDA came in at Rs. 1,331 crores with a growth of 36%.  
Moving to Page #33 in the presentation. In FY23, we saw significant ramp up in leased 
occupancy, trading occupancy and trading density over FY22 across all our major malls. You 
will further see trading occupancy going up across our existing malls as we have several new 
retailers and formats under active fit out currently and we expect trading occupancies to 
move closer to 93%-95% levels before Diwali 2023. In FY23, we have seen a cumulative 
leasing in excess of about 3.3 million square feet with operational assets seeing 
approximately 2.2 million square feet including renewals and some churn and at the new 
malls yet to be operationalized, we have seen leasing of about 1.1 million square feet. We are 
ready for FY24 with renewed optimism with i) the launch of two new malls within the next six 
months, ii) a sustained consumption growth in existing malls, iii) ramp up at existing malls in 
Chennai, Pune and Kurla on account of increase in trading area and iv) consumption growth 
in our latest malls - Phoenix Citadel, Indore and Palladium, Ahmedabad demonstrating a 
significant upward trend.  
Just to talk a little bit about the gross consumption in FY23, we have seen approximately Rs. 
9,300 crores of consumption. We have an outlook for FY24 to reach up to Rs. 11,500 crores of 
consumption of which we expect Palladium, Ahmedabad and Phoenix Citadel, Indore to add 
about Rs. 1,200 crores. We have a robust event calendar for each mall in place with major 
spike events scheduled for weekends and we are engaging in many spike events for 
weekdays. We continue to invest in innovative eye-catching decor across properties and 
bringing the best of brands and categories and fine dining, food, and beverage experiences. 
We gear all of these activities towards making each mall the de-facto destination for 
consumption. I will now request Anuraag Srivastava to take you through the office, hotel and 
residential section and the overall financial results. Thank you. 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Thank you, Shishir. Good morning, everyone. I would direct your attention to Page #34 to #40 
for an update on the commercial office portfolio. Our commercial office portfolio is seeing 
improving traction with gross leasing of about 4.31 lakh square feet in FY23, of which ~2.81 
lakh square feet is new leasing and ~1.5 lakh square feet is renewal leasing. The total office 
income in Q4 FY23 stood at Rs. 43 crores, flat percentage year-on-year and total EBITDA 

 
 
Page 4 of 16 
stood at Rs. 27 crores. Collection efficiency for the quarter was close to 97% with collection of 
about Rs. 47 crores. For FY23, office income stood at Rs. 170 crores which was up 7% year-on-
year and EBITDA was flat year-on-year at Rs. 98 crores. We currently have active fit outs of 
over 1,80,000 square feet under progress in Pune and Mumbai which will add quarterly rental 
income of more than Rs. 5 crores. We expect contribution to fully reflect from Q3 FY24. 
Moving on to updates on the under-construction commercial office projects. These are 
covered from Page #38 onwards. At Phoenix Asia Towers, Bangalore with the GLA of about 
1.2 million square feet, roof slabs up to the ninth floor have been completed and the interior 
work, lobby and common area finishing is currently underway. We have commenced 
construction for two out of four of Millennium Towers, Pune, and we expect to launch the 
same in FY25. We are also engaged actively across our under-construction assets in Bangalore 
and Pune where leasing enquiries from marquee MNC clientele have been very strong and 
we'll keep you posted on the leasing progress made in this regard. As mentioned earlier, 
construction has commenced at Project Rise in Lower Parel, Mumbai. At ISML Offices in 
Whitefield, Bangalore excavation and shoring is in progress, whereas at Palladium Offices, 
Chennai construction has commenced. The launch of these offices will progressively take our 
office realty from 2 million square feet to about 7 million square feet by FY27. 
Now moving on to hospitality business, please refer to Page #41 to #47 of our deck. Starting 
with The St. Regis, Mumbai, which saw the highest ever annual gross revenue and EBITDA in 
FY23. The operating performance has surpassed most operating parameters in last 12 
months. This is led by resumption of foreign business and leisure travel, domestic corporate 
travel, social events, and staycations. The year has been good in terms of F&B as well, with 
launch of the new venues including Koishii, Koi Bar and the high-end event space, which is 
called 38 Manhattan. Total income for FY23 stood at Rs. 404 crores, which is up 31% from 
FY20. Occupancy for the year stood at 84% and ARR was at about Rs. 14,851 which is up 21% 
from FY20. Operating EBITDA came in at Rs. 180 crores demonstrating a growth of 54% 
compared to FY20. We have used the strong cash flows during FY23 to reduce debt by Rs. 115 
crores on this asset and invest in capex for upgrading various facilities in the hotel. At our 
second hotel, the Courtyard by Marriott, Agra, total income in FY23 stood at Rs. 46 crores 
which is up about 24% from the FY20 occupancy for FY23 was at 72% and ARR stood at Rs. 
4,795 showing a healthy growth of 23% over FY20.  
Moving on to residential business covered on Page #49. We are witnessing very good traction 
in terms of residential sales mainly led by robust demand of ready to move in inventory and 
faster conversion. We achieved an overall sale of Rs. 466 crores in FY23. Collection in Q4 FY23 
was at Rs. 115 crores and for FY23 was Rs. 369 crores.  
Wanted to talk about our key acquisitions, which are covered on pages #50 and #51. We 
acquired an approx. seven-acre land parcel in Surat at a cost of ~Rs. 501 crores during 
December 2022, to build a retail development of about 1 million square feet. We await 

 
 
Page 5 of 16 
environmental clearance to begin construction at this site. Currently the clearance is in the 
final stage of approval.  
We have also forayed into warehousing through a purchase of ~33-acre land parcel in Sohna, 
NCR at a cost of ~Rs. 54 crores, where currently appointment of consultants for various work 
streams is undergoing. During February 2023, we purchased the land parcel in prime locality 
of Alipore, Kolkata at ~Rs. 414 crores to build an exclusive luxury residential development 
with a gross saleable area of about a million square feet.  
I would draw your attention to Page #53 onwards for our financial results. Some of the key 
highlights of our consolidated financial performance are as follows. Income from operations 
for Q4 FY23 is at Rs. 729 crores, up 47% year-on-year and up 83% over Q4 FY20. Income from 
operations at Rs. 2,638 crores for FY23 up 78% year-on-year and up 36% compared to FY20. 
EBITDA for Q4 FY23 was at Rs. 431 crores, up 79% year-on-year and up 111% over Q4 FY20. 
EBITDA at Rs. 1,519 crores for FY22 up 107% year-on-year and up 57% compared to FY20. 
Report PAT after minority interest and after comprehensive income for Q4 FY23 at Rs. 244 
crores and at Rs. 1,318 crores for FY23.  
Moving on to cash flows, debt and liquidity positions covered from Page #59 onwards. For 
FY23 we generated about Rs. 1,770 crores of net cash from operating activities. Our 
operating free cash flow (post reduction of interest) stood at about Rs. 1,403 crores vis-à-vis 
Rs. 501 crores for FY22. Talking about the debt which is covered on Page #62, consolidated 
gross debt which stood at Rs. 4,037 crores as on March 31, 2023, showed a decrease of Rs. 
535 crores since March 2020. As Phoenix Citadel, Palladium Ahmedabad became operational, 
the debt has moved to operational assets, as a result of which our under-construction 
portfolio has witnessed a decrease in debt this year. Average cost of borrowing is up by 33 
basis points to 8.74% in March 2023, from 8.41% in December 2022 and currently our lowest 
cost of borrowing stands at 7.45%. Despite RBI increasing rates by 250 bps since March 2022 
our borrowing cost has gone up only by 144 bps so far. As the overall interest rates in the 
economy start to rise, our efforts will be to minimize the impact of this on our cost of 
borrowing by reducing the spreads charged by the banks on top of the repo rate. Further with 
our under-construction assets becoming operational we expect some savings in interest rates 
as we refinance and convert the construction finance loans to LRD-backed loans.  
Covering liquidity on Page #64. Our liquidity position as on 31st March 2023 was Rs. 1,755 
crores. This excludes the amount remaining in unutilized OD accounts. At group level our net 
debt is Rs. 2,282 crores and PML’s share of net debt is Rs. 1,780 crores. We saw credit rating 
upgrades/revision in outlook across many of our assets in the last 12 months. We continue to 
make good progress on all under-construction assets. During FY23 we spent close to Rs. 1,400 
crores in capital expenditure. We are bullish on our business prospects and with a strong 
balance sheet position, our focus is now to deliver on our under-construction portfolio in 
time and judiciously deploy our capital to expand our portfolio. With this, we would like to 

 
 
Page 6 of 16 
close our opening remarks, and we'll open the call for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have Mr. Parikshit 
Kandpal. Please go ahead.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, now retail is on autopilot, most of the malls we have already delivered besides the rest of 
the two and the under-construction portfolio. So, my question is more on the office side. 
Now the densification of malls, so how do we see the journey of office over the next two-
three years so if you can just explain, what areas will get delivered over the next two years 
and how is the rental ramp up going to happen in that portfolio? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, presently we have about 2 million square feet of office space which is operational, and 
this number is going to move up to about 7.2 million square feet by the end of FY26/early 
FY27. Out of this, ~1 million square feet at Project Rise, Mumbai will be the last to commence 
operations. This year, we are expecting about 800,000 odd square feet of Phoenix Asia 
Towers at Hebbal, Bangalore becoming operational. This will soon be followed by the office 
building of about half a million square feet at Chennai and then thereafter we will see the 
~1.2 million square feet in Wakad, Pune becoming operational from in FY25 and rent 
generating from the last quarter of FY25 or early FY26. This is how the current 2 million 
square feet will go to about 7.2 million square feet. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, what kind of rentals are we looking in Chennai 0.5 msft, in Wakad 1.2 msft and 0.8 msft in 
Hebbal. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
In Hebbal we are looking at, or we have underwritten I would say the model at a lower 
number of about Rs. 65 per sq. ft. but, the current market trends are indicating a net rent of 
about Rs. 80 upwards per sq. ft. At Wakad, by FY25 end/FY26 we expect net rent to be in the 
range of about Rs. 70 per sq. ft. or slightly higher and at Chennai about Rs. 65 per sq. ft. 
Project Rise is going to be end of FY26/early FY27 where, the net rate estimates are 
underwritten at about Rs. 300 per sq. ft.; but we expect to do better than that because this 
asset is positioned very differently. So, there are very few buildings of that nature in this 
neighborhood. We also have an expansion at, I missed talking about the expansion at our 
existing development at Bangalore i.e., Phoenix MarketCity on Whitefield Road. It has a total 
potential of about 1.2 million square feet of which the first phase is about 0.5 million square 
feet, which we expect to be delivered in towards the end of FY26. We are looking at rentals 
over there to be in the range of about Rs. 75. per sq. ft. to Rs. 80 per sq. ft. or above that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
All these rentals that you discussed are excluding CAM, right? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, these are net rentals. 

 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, got it. And anyway, we'll take almost one year to lease them out, when you're saying 
that these ones will come up when they will complete by FY25, like 1.2 million in Wakad 
operational from FY25 so it will have a lease journey of at least one, one and a half years? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Okay. So, from our current experience, since we are marketing Phoenix Asia Towers in 
Bangalore, we are seeing good traction and are seeing very good pipeline of demand in that 
city. We have not yet started marketing the Pune Wakad asset yet because it's still about a 
year away. But we are seeing strong traction there and the team believes that we should at 
least have signed out about 70% of the leasing in about seven/eight months from getting the 
OC in Phoenix Asia Towers, Hebbal, Bangalore. It is typically a two and a half to three month 
fit out period, that one will assume before the rentals start accruing. I would say that the 
revenue is going to scale up from the first month that you start leasing out spaces, because it 
will take two months or three months depending on the size of the office for them to finish 
their fit-out period. So, it will scale up, let's say from within three months of getting the OC 
and signing the first lease, you'll start seeing the first rental to start trickling in. And then over 
the next six-to-eight-month period as we lease 70% you will see revenues scale up. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just a last question on the residential piece now. So, we have almost 1.3 million 
square feet yet to be including un-launched area in One Bangalore West (OBW) and 1 million 
in Kolkata. So, in FY24 we will open up new towers in OBW and also exhaust existing 
inventory in Bangalore portfolio and what is the timeline for Kolkata? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, we have not yet launched One Bangalore West Towers Eight and Nine, and we are also 
waiting for some clarity on the TDR policy there, before we proceed on that. At Kolkata, we 
are actively working on the design development at this stage. So, we should assume about 
eight to nine months for approvals and launch thereafter. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Any other land parcels besides Kolkata in the business development pipelines? both for malls 
and the residential portfolio if you can help us with the business development being currently 
undertaken? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Parikshit, malls unlike what you stated that it’s on auto pilot, it’s not because the operations 
are set but our focus on growth remains very strong. We continue to look at opportunities in 
the MMR region, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Hyderabad, NCR, Goa, Nagpur, Vizag etc. amongst some 
of the markets and we do have a decent pipeline for the mall development. In residential, we 
are continuing to be extremely selective and it's only in mature markets where we can create 
a marquee product that we are looking at opportunities. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
My questions are on the retail business. Now, if I look at full year FY23 numbers versus FY20 
on a like-to-like basis your retail EBITDA has grown 22%, the rental growth has been 15% and 

 
 
Page 8 of 16 
the consumption growth is about 19%. I am just trying to understand how do we understand 
these numbers, if you could give some color on that, especially in the context that you've 
given a guidance right now in the comments that you're guiding for a 12.5% consumption 
growth in FY24. So, could you give some indication on what could be the rental growth in 
FY24, based on what you've achieved in FY23? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi Mohit, Varun this side. Let me take the first part of the question which is, how the margins 
have changed and what has changed in the business in FY23 versus FY20. While we have 
spoken about footfalls being at about 80% of pre COVID levels, one thing that we have seen is 
the number of four-wheelers that are coming to the mall has increased, and that has led to 
an increase in our parking income as well, that coupled with improvement and income for 
marketing, events, signages etc., has contributed to an improvement in the EBITDA margins, 
compared to the overall rental income growth. Secondly, while consumption has grown leaps 
and bounds during FY23, we have also undertaken significant churns during the year. If I draw 
your reference back to Shishir’s opening comment in our operational mall portfolio, which 
was about 7 million square feet before Indore and Ahmedabad became operational, we have 
undertaken renewals for 1.2 million square feet and we have done new deals for 1 million 
square feet. So that's an aggregate of 2.2 million square feet, so that is roughly 30% of our 
operational mall portfolio that has been renewed with existing and new brands during FY23. 
The impact of this has been on the trading occupancy. If you see Q1, we had started off with 
trading occupancies, which were at about 85% across most malls with the exception of 
Bangalore, which was at about 90%, and through the quarters of FY23 we had seen a 3% to 
5% increase in trading occupancy. However, as Shishir also guided in his opening remarks, we 
still have significant amount of areas that are under active fit outs across malls in Mumbai, 
Pune, Bangalore and Chennai and we expect our trading occupancies to ramp up to about 
93% to 95% level before Diwali 2023. So, this change in trading occupancy should also lead to 
an improvement in our rental income and it should support growth provide provided that all 
the brands come on stream as we have currently envisaged. Does that answer your question, 
Mohit. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Yes. My second question was that you are guiding for a consumption growth on like-to-like 
basis of around 12.5% for 2024. I'm referring to the Rs. 11,500 crore number that you 
mentioned. What could be a rental growth, could rental growth exceed the consumption 
growth in FY24? 
Varun Parwal: 
So, consumption growth of course is very strong; rental growth could depend a bit on the 
areas that come on stream. You will see the benefit in rental growth in the first two quarters 
of FY24, because about 3% of our mall area became operational in Q4 FY23. So, you will have 
a spillover impact happening in FY24. At the same time about 3% to 5% of the existing 
operational retail mall area is projected to become operational before Diwali 2023 period so 
you will not be able to capture the full year impact on that. So, I would say that rental growth 
would be in line or near about the consumption growth. But we typically would suggest to 

 
 
Page 9 of 16 
look at rental and consumption growth over a three-year CAGR or a five-year CAGR, they 
tend to converge at that point in time.  
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Yes, Anuraag this side. We gave a long-term view of our rental growth and consumption 
yields are increasing year-on-year. The historical trend suggests both of these converge over a 
longer period of time and our usual guidance which we give is, that rental growth and 
consumption growth over a longer period of time would be in mid-teens. So, we're giving 
12.5% guidance on consumption for next year, but given the new assets that are coming in, 
and the ramp up and the renewal of leases, etc., a longer-term trend will be around mid-
teens. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Great. My second question is on the new malls, which includes the two malls that have 
started recently and Bangalore/Pune. How should we look at the trading density, let's say 
over a 12-month period. So, what I'm trying to understand is Palassio which is today at 95% 
trading occupancy and Rs. 1,300 kind of trading density a good proxy, or will every mall have 
a different journey in terms of trading occupancy and trading density? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Yes, so we should very soon see Indore ramping up to Rs. 1,000 per square feet trading 
density. Palladium Ahmedabad, because slightly premium and the area is smaller as well with 
lesser F&B, etc., there we are expecting a trading density between Rs. 1,200 to Rs. 1,300 
range per sq. ft. The two new malls, we would wait to open up the malls and see the initial 
experience or initial retailer performance and then comment on that. But it should be in line 
with our existing malls in Pune and Bangalore. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just continuing on the new mall trading occupancy, what is the current leasing status right 
now, and how much time we should take to ramp up to 85%-90% kind of trading occupancy 
for the two new malls and if you can just refresh the timeline for us. So, Bangalore should be 
this quarter and Pune should be next quarter is it right to assume? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
So, first of all on the operational dates of these malls, so Bangalore mall has received the OC 
recently, in the last couple of days. Now it's just a question of timing the launch and opening 
the doors to public, depending on the fit outs the availability of people, the shopping season 
etc. We expect this to be opening either at the end of this quarter or early next quarter, so 
roughly around July is what we are targeting. For Wakad, the OC is yet to be received we are 
looking at August as the opening of the mall. And this we will take into account some theory 
of monsoon is over and timing in August. In terms of the ramp up of trading occupancies your 
question around that, as we've seen in Indore and in Ahmedabad as well, the trading 
occupancy to reach about let say in higher 80s or early 90s it takes about usually eight to nine 
months to get over there from the launch. We usually open somewhere between 50 and 60 

 
 
Page 10 of 16 
of trading occupancy and then by seven to nine months or eight to nine months the mall 
should be in the late 80s or early 90s. Those were your questions, or did I miss anything? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
No, that was my first question. And second on, very healthy margin performance this quarter 
on our portfolio and that you have been highlighting since last couple of quarters as well as 
that as and when our trading occupancy increases, we see an uptick in margin. Still, we are 
like 3% to 5% probably away from fully ramping up. What should we assume as or look at 
these stabilized EBITDA margin for the portfolio. Right now, probably on an average if the 
asset is at 100% of rental income, but how should we see it going forward once during 
occupancy ramp ups? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
So, trading occupancy ramp up is just one of the factors of margin improvement as you're 
seeing in the financials. Couple of other factors which contribute to margin improvement, 
one is that residential sales are picking up and our premium offering in Kessaku is doing very 
well now in terms of sales, as compared to earlier quarters there is more number of units that 
have been picked up. Also, we have taken a price increase, so that is contributing to some 
extent, in terms of the margin uptick. In the hospitality business, we are maintaining a very 
good room rate at The St. Regis, Mumbai, which has caused the margin uptick and we are 
seeing an operating margin of 50% at this property and we expect to continue with that. Yes, 
of course you mentioned about the trading occupancy going up and taking to the sale margin. 
So, these are the trends, and we hope to continue on these trends. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My first question was on your Slide #32, where you have given trading density for FY23 and 
FY22, if I look at the growth in the trading density, across assets, it has been in the range of 
about 30% to 40% in some assets like Pune and Kurla it's been a lot more. But when I look at 
the average rental per square feet per month growth, it's obviously like much lower than 
that. So how should we look at this number going ahead in terms of, will the average rentals 
catch up with the trading density performance that we are seeing? 
Varun Parwal: 
Kunal, directionally we would say yes, what has happened in FY23 has also been that the 
recovery has been much faster than what anyone was anticipating. And that has led to 
significant improvement in trading density in say Bangalore, which had a trading density off 
about Rs. 2,100 or Pune as well, they have higher than what one might have expected, had 
you asked this question in FY22. And partly, because of this we have also ramped up the 
renewals and the churns of brand mix at these centers because to support a higher trading 
actually one does need newer categories for e.g. we have introduced more, family 
entertainment centers and better F&B offerings and also brought in bridge-to-luxury brands 
at some of these centers and those changes are extensively underway. If we were to just look 
at Kurla, we have opened the new Daiso store which is the first in India, we have re-opened 
Reliance Smart Bazaar which is spread over a massive 80,000 square feet, we have opened 

 
 
Page 11 of 16 
new FEC centers and going forward in FY24, you will see significant offerings as far as F&B is 
concerned. We are further strengthening the entertainment piece and we are also bringing in 
newer anchors like Uniqlo etc., which will open up in the second half of this financial year in 
centers like Kurla. So, there is a full change and a revamp of the brand mix which is underway, 
and you will see these changes happening and like Anuraag had also mentioned in response 
to an earlier question, rent over a period of time will catch up with the consumption growth. 
So, take it on a longer three- year and five-year horizon. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. My second question is naturally conflicting with my first one, Shishir you give a guidance 
of about 12.5% same store consumption growth for stabilize malls. But when I look at our 
trading occupancy, there is obviously like 5% to 6% catch up that would happen based on the 
lease occupancy, which will happen this year. So, of this 12.5%, 5% to 6% will come because 
of the trading occupancy catch up and then there is inflationary growth of let say 5%, 6% or 
6%, 7%. So, essentially are we saying that the trading density growth for the stabilized assets 
will be inflationary in nature? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Kunal, this is Anuraag here. Just to do the math, the number which you are talking about 
trading occupancy that will only be for part year, or it's not that on the growth will come, for 
whole of the years, so it will come in stages and we expect that the annualized impact of this 
will be about three months or so and balance is the normal growth which is there. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. So basically, like your trading density growth going ahead could be about 8% to 10%, 
that would make sense? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Yes, roughly. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kunal: 
Hi, sir this is Kunal from DSP Mutual Fund. So, my question was more on the competitive 
landscape and that too in the non-metro cities. So are you seeing any sort of consolidation 
happening in the favor of large players like yourself or is the market size large enough to take 
care of the existing as well as upcoming supply if any. So that was my first question. And 
second question was in terms of, do you plan to raise any debt in the current year through 
capital markets if you can just provide something on that, that’s it. 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Thanks for your question. Firstly, on the competitive landscape, the way we look at our 
strategy is that when we enter a city or a town, we want to be the dominant consumption 
center in that city. Our offering, as you would have seen in our products, in our malls, etc., is 
quite different in terms of what the competition offers. We spend a lot of time on making it a 
grand affair, and we try and make it as not only the shopping hub, or the shopping center for 
the city, but also an event center and  a play center and a place where families can hang 
around for a full day and still not be able to cover the mall or do justice to the mall as they go 

 
 
Page 12 of 16 
along. We are not seeing any consolidation; in fact the competitive activity is not much in 
terms of especially the opening of new malls across the country, there are very few players if 
at all any who are entering into this and definitely not at the size and scale and number of the 
malls which we are targeting. We have many new retailers, first time brands, etc., which 
enter into the city when we open up a mall. So, for example, our Indore mall had about 100+ 
new brands which came in the city for the first and also 30% of the stores were local stores, 
of the local businesses as well. So that also gives it a unique flavor. Similarly, in Ahmedabad 
we opened with more than 35 luxury stores and over 50 new brands, again entering the city 
of Ahmedabad, while a city like Ahmedabad had a few malls spread across. So, as I said, we 
try and create a differentiated product, we've not seen much of the competitive activity 
across, especially in terms of opening new malls, while there may be mergers and acquisition 
activity happening or other such activity happening in the malls. On your second question of 
debt from capital markets, you're referring to bonds, et cetera. We have not raised money on 
bonds up till now largely because we have a very efficient cost of borrowing in terms of the 
lease rental discounting model. We tend to fund the construction of our assets, the land 
acquisition and the approvals on equity; and only when we have a line of sight available for 
opening of the mall in let's say, next six to nine months that's the time when we start looking 
at the borrowing on that asset. Our philosophy is that our assets should support themselves 
in terms of the debt. There should not be any clause subsidization and only operating malls, 
etc., should have a debt, we don't find the bond structure the borrowings from capital 
markets very attractive at the moment. But yes, we keep on evaluating and at the right time, 
if the right product is available, we will look to raise money on that. There are no definite 
plans of raising significant amount of debt at the moment.  
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Just one on multiplexes. Now, we've heard recently the largest multiplex company in the 
country talking about closing 50 screens and I know those could be in locations otherwise. 
But my broader question is, even if you look at multiplexes globally, as a percentage of 
revenue, their rentals happen to be much lower than what they pay in India. So, given the 
uncertainty around that particular business right now growth, how should we look at 
multiplexes being significant tenant for us, and in many cases an anchor tenant? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi Pulkit, Varun this side. Thanks for the question. Multiplexes are at quite an interesting 
juncture at this point in time. We have seen people coming back for content, when provided 
and packaged in the right manner, whether it was release of the movie Pathan or some of the 
recent Hollywood releases, or like we have been doing screenings of IPL matches in our 
courtyard, or even musical events. So, entertainment as a category is here to stay and it is 
something that gets people out of their houses, every week provided the right event is there. 
We have seen some encouraging responses in the multiplex category as well; content of 
course is king, but they have also worked on improving and expanding beyond movies and 
becoming a one stop destination in itself by bringing in celebrity chefs to curate the F&B 

 
 
Page 13 of 16 
menu as well and they are better placed to talk about what are the initiatives that they are 
taking.  We definitely do see that when we are opening a destination mall in any particular 
city, multiplexes help us get the right audience as well and we are also not opening run of the 
mill multiplexes, we are opening the megaplexes, we are opening the biggest screens in that 
particular city with the best decor and the best F&B options as well. So, it is as much as an 
event, not just a movie but seeing the multiplexes itself there is as much as an event for the 
consumers of that particular city. 
Pulkit Patni:  
Maybe if I could just follow up Varun on that. So, for the three new malls, Ahmedabad, Indore 
multiplexes would be what percentage of our total tenant, is it be 15% to 20% or lesser? 
Varun Parwal:  
No. So, in terms of area it's typically 8% to 9%. In Indore, an INOX has already opened up with 
eight screens. In Ahmedabad, PVR will open up soon, they are under fit outs at this point in 
time and we are looking at about nine screens there; and Pune/Bangalore would be larger. 
But in terms of area, we typically benchmark to 8% to 9% of area for the mall towards 
multiplexes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Just going back on the consumption guidance that you gave, is possible to break down what is 
the same store or same mall consumption growth guidance that we are looking for FY23, so 
same area operating into new year, excluding Indore and Ahmedabad. What should be the 
consumption growth there, on those accounts? 
Varun Parwal: 
Puneet, if we were to exclude Indore and Ahmedabad from FY23 our consumption would 
come at say about Rs. 9,000 crores from the operational assets and this is going to, about Rs. 
10,300 to 10,500 crores.  
Puneet Gulati: 
Rs. 1,200 crores was for Ahmedabad, but you are not counting in this. 
Varun Parwal: 
No, Indore and Ahmedabad combined let me clarify. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes, so Indore and Ahmedabad combined Rs. 1,200 crores and you are not counting in your 
guidance anything from the new Pune and Bangalore mall? 
Varun Parwal: 
No, not yet. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay, got it that's very clear now, thank you. Secondly, on your office occupancy what is your 
strategy, you have about 1.2 million square feet both in Pune and Bangalore yet to lease. 
What kind of tenants are you looking for and are you looking for more smaller spaces or more 
bigger spaces kind of tenants? 
Varun Parwal: 
Sorry, so is this you are referring to our offices? 

 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Puneet Gulati: 
Office. 
Varun Parwal: 
The demand in each micro market is different. In Bangalore, the demand is for larger office 
spaces, there are tenants who are looking at occupying an entire tower or even two towers, 
and their requirements would range from 100,000 square feet going upwards to one even 
two million square feet from a single tenant. In Pune, the demands are more in the range of 
100,000 to 200,000 square feet from both Indian corporates as well as multinational 
clientele.  
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. And is it still possible to lease out the entire tower given that somebody who will take 
the entire tower would want it to be built to suit, which is not going to be possible now right? 
Management: 
We have internally debated whether we should lease out entire towers to a single tenant, 
they don't have a built to suit requirement. But we do feel that our dependence on that one 
client for the next eight- or nine-years lease out becomes very significant.  
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. Lastly, on trading occupancy for your malls, do you think the trading occupancy 
has largely been in line with what you would have thought for FY23, I thought the trading 
occupancy growth was slightly slower than and has been much lower than the leased 
occupancy for the entire of FY20? 
Varun Parwal: 
On a lighter note, we have had to rework on some of our targets because of the consumption 
growth that we have seen. And actually, work on re-looking at the brand mix and the 
category mix in some of the malls due to the very strong pace of consumption and the 
demand from the retailers that has come in. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. So, trading occupancy should reach lease occupancy by Diwali this year now?  
Varun Parwal: 
Yes. We do keep some margin for churning out the retailers and what we alluded to even 
earlier on the call, a 30% consumption growth has been very strong, and that creates an 
opportunity for us to bring in some newer brands and categories. So, we will look at some 
churn during the year across the malls, and that's why we are keeping the trading occupancy 
target to about 93% to 95%, and not taking it up to lease occupancy, because lease 
occupancy is actually at 98%, 99% across assets.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I just have one small confusion, in your opening comments you mentioned the new mall 
addition at about 1.1 million square feet. And this is basically Ahmedabad and Indore, and I 
was looking at my past notes, basically Ahmedabad is about 1.1 and Indore is some 0.7, 
Indore is one and Ahmedabad is 0.7. So, it should be 1.7, if these malls coming up in phases? 

 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Varun Parwal: 
So, both the malls have come up together. There is no change in the area; so, Indore has 
opened up with one million square feet and Ahmedabad has opened up with an area 750,000 
square feet. We will re-check the opening remarks and carry out any corrections if required.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, then it should be 2.2 million of operational assets plus 1.7 million of the new right? 
Varun Parwal: 
No, so what you're referring to is the leasing target. The leasing target only refers to new area 
that we will lease during FY23. Some of the new malls have been leased even prior to FY23. 
So we are talking only about incremental leasing during FY23, so for operational malls we 
renewed or made this new deals was about 2.2 million square feet, and for the upcoming 
assets, which includes Indore, Ahmedabad, Mall of the Millennium in Pune and Mall of Asia in 
Hebbal, we have done about one million square feet of new deals during FY32. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. But what will slow down in your numbers will actually be the operational plus whatever 
is this Ahmedabad and Indore which is supposed to come this year right? 
Varun Parwal: 
Yes. The financials will capture only the area that is trading and rent generating. So, at the 
end of March Indore was about 50% rent generating and Ahmedabad was about 43% rent 
generating. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. My second question is which is the last question can you give me your blended holding 
in your retail assets. See, I have a separate number that Lower Parel is 100, Chennai and 
MarketCity malls are different number but, what will be your blended holding in your malls 
and what will be your blended holding in your retail assets? 
Varun Parwal: 
It will be about 73 to 74%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
In retail? 
Varun Parwal: 
Yes, in retail. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And in office? 
Varun Parwal: 
In offices it would be about 60%. 
Moderator:  
Next question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So, first question is on what is the pending CAPEX in ongoing retail assets and ongoing offices 
we are going to complete over the next couple of years, and what is our CAPEX target for this 
year? 

 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
So, the pending CAPEX across all our assets which are under construction is about Rs. 4,650 
crores which covers all the assets of retail, office, etc. Our capex spend is between Rs. 2,000 
to Rs. 2,300 crores every year and we expect to do the same for FY24 as well. That is the 
same amount of capex we spent.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Rs. 2,300 crore every year, this year was lower you also include land investments as well in 
this? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
No, so close to about Rs. 1,400 - Rs. 1,500 crores is on the actual capex and balance is on the 
land acquisition. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Correct, okay got it. And second just an existing leasing status at Bangalore and Pune malls 
which are coming up, how much you have reached? 
Anuraag Srivastava: 
Both the assets are in 90% range as far as status is concerned. And this is of retail, of course 
office as we said Bangalore, the commercial offices we have started marketing because they 
are very close to getting the OC for the commercial office building. And this will be launched 
this year. So, Pune because it’s still a year away, we have made very initial pre-marketing 
efforts, but not pre-leasing or marketing the property now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of The Phoenix Mills Limited that concludes this conference call. Thanks 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
