 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
Dated: May 29, 2023 
To 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Symbol : PFS 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of transcripts of Audio recording of the Investors & Analyst Meet held on May 
22, 2023 on the financial results for Q4FY2023 and FY2023 
 
In continuation of our letter dated May 23, 2023 in terms of regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed 
please find the transcripts of Audio recording of the Investors & Analyst Meet held on May 22, 2023 on the 
financial results for Q4FY2023 and FY2023.   
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcfinancial.com. 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
       
Shweta Agrawal 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed: as above 
SHWETA 
AGRAWAL
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA 
AGRAWAL 
Date: 2023.05.29 
18:31:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
 
 
“PTC India Financial Services Limited- Investor & Analyst 
Meet” 
 
May 22, 2023, Mumbai 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Dr. Pawan Singh – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. S. Siva Kumar – Executive Director 
Mr. Sanjay Rustagi – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Sitesh Sinha – Executive Vice President 
Mr. Abhinav Goyal – Vice President 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 29 
 
 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Good afternoon, I am Abhinav Goyal. I am taking care of the Investor 
Relationship of PTC Financial. On behalf of the company, I welcome 
you all. So let me introduce you, today we are having our Senior 
Management Team. On my left side, in middle we are having our MD 
and CEO, Dr. Pawan Singh. Then on right of him, we are having our 
Executive Director, Mr. S. Siva Kumar. And on the left side of our MD 
is, Mr. Sanjay Rustagi. He is our Chief Financial Officer. On my right 
side, we are having our Head Credit, Mr. Sitesh. Sinha. So again, I 
welcome you all for our Investor Meet. 
So although, I said good afternoon but it should be good morning 
because it's a new start for the company, with new passion, with new 
thoughts, with new goal and with new commitment to deliver more. So 
today, we are having a small presentation to you all, it is the table of 
content how our today presentation will go. It is our company at a 
glance.  
So last year in financial year ‘23 that is from 1st of April 2022 till 31st 
March 2023. We sanctioned loans of Rs. 3,854 crores. We are having a 
very good I should say, better than good debt/equity ratio. It is just 2.09x 
which indicating the cushion being available to the company for further 
growth and which is being supported by our capital adequacy ratio of 
33.05%. As per the regulatory guideline, it should be ideally not less 
than 15% and we are more than double of what's being required. 
We had a disbursement of Rs. 2,253 crores and on the -- below, credit 
rating of the company is being reflected. We, as on date being rated by 
CRISIL and ICRA, the most credible rating agencies of the country. We 
have always been rated since last four, five years as A+ and despite all 
hearsay, all discussions we still been rated as A+. So that shows the 
worthiness, the credit worthiness, the strength we are having in our 
system, in our credit appraisal and in our performance. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 29 
 
It is our quarterly snapshot. Our CFO will explain in detail at a later part 
of his presentation. It is about us. We are a listed NBFC, we are listed 
on both the exchanges, NSE as well as BSE. Incorporated in 2006, we 
are having a small team, not a much big team. We are having a team of 
just around 50 persons, but all are very much committed to the company, 
very well qualified and very dedicated to achieve the vision of the 
company, working hard. And the team is being supported by a highly 
experienced professionals having decades of experience of various PSU, 
leading organizations. 
It is our milestone. We as of now can visualize that now in coming year, 
every year there would be a new milestone. We are working hard on 
that. So history is here. Now we are here to discuss about the future. It 
is the purpose for which our company is being formed which we are 
supposed to deliver. So we perceive ourselves as a green sustainable 
infrastructure finance company. 
Our vision is not only to generate the value to our stakeholder, but also 
to support for the economy, to support the humanity, to support our 
generation to come in terms of carbon reduction, in terms of clean 
environment, in terms of clean water, water to all, in terms of preserving 
forests, in terms of coal reduction. Those issues we are touching and 
those kinds of projects we are focusing to fund, to support, but of course, 
that should be sustainable project as we are a profitable organization and 
believe that we should always be a very good profitable organization. 
These are our product and services. We are into many debt financing. 
Other than that we do some green space activity also and we do advisory. 
So advisory to various corporates, how on their various business 
function and by giving our advisory, we do some value-addition to those 
corporates. And of course, we take some money out of those advisory 
for our organization. 
So these are the key functions of the organization being handled by me. 
It is treasury - resource mobilization and asset liability management. We 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 29 
 
are comfortable in both these two functions. There are some other 
functions for which I request our Executive Director, Mr. S. Siva Kumar 
to take it forward and to elaborate more on business model of the 
company. 
Over to you sir. 
S. Siva Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you Abhinav. Good afternoon and I welcome you 
once again. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Before you know, Siva Kumar has joined us. So all of you must be 
seeing him for the first time. He has joined us as ED Credit. And he is a 
well-known name in the credit and IT infrastructure sector. He has 
joined from -- he was the Chief General Manager of India Infrastructure 
Finance Company, IIFCL. And thousands of crores of credit in 
infrastructure has gone through his hands. He is known to be a very 
respected and sound professional. So over to you. 
S. Siva Kumar: 
Thanks for good words, sir. I'll try to live up. I joined in March, towards 
the end of last financial year. PFS has a very robust infrastructure 
appraisal, credit appraisal and credit delivery monitoring system. And 
has got very good policies and the policies are adhered too in true 
manners. And it has a robust credit appraisal and business sourcing and 
credit appraisal system. And it has very effective monitoring and 
compliance and further disbursement all at arm's distance.  
And the credit risk management is one of the highlights of PFS. Where 
we have a complete 360-degree analysis of the risk and risk reporting 
and risk monitoring over the lifecycle of the project is being done. And 
very sound early warning systems are there in line with the regulators 
requirements and also, we maintain very liquid cash flows and liquidity 
position has been one of the robust and very healthy liquidity 
management we have. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 29 
 
What makes PFS very unique is that, it's a focused attention to the 
customers and knowing all the terms of the entire lifecycle of the project 
with the promoter’s background check and looking at the projects and 
the risks involved have been properly identified and mitigated and 
properly addressed at the beginning itself. And as I said, the very robust 
monitoring system is also there in the place. 
Second is that we have been doing with the main focus on the green infra 
and the customer centric approach has been the mainstay of PFS. And 
PFS looks at – has got very good technical and the financial analyst who 
are there and who can analyze these projects and also go with identifying 
the risk and mitigating those risks have been the hallmark of PFS. 
Next. As I said, risk management has been a cornerstone of PFS, and all 
the projects have been properly analysed from the risk management and 
risk management directly reports to our MD. And they give the kind of 
feedbacks at arm's distance and the risk reports are one of the -- has been 
duly followed and all the risk identification and mitigating measures 
implemented for mitigating are on a very sound footing, which actually 
indicates that the healthiness of our balance sheet with very minimum 
slippages.  
Thank you. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Thank you so much, Siva, Sir. So, I request our MD sir to have some 
elaboration on our management outlook. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Very good evening to everybody. And I really appreciate that all of you 
have come here in overwhelming numbers to be here and your 
participation kind of gives us a lot of encouragement. So, thank you once 
more on behalf of PFS. So, quarter-to-quarter we have been coming and 
making our presentation. Before I dwell into some of the details, I just 
wanted to tell a couple of things which are the -- like every CEO, would 
like to give some silver lining. So, I must tell what are the silver lining 
this time which come into our attention. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 29 
 
First of all is that, at least on one ground I have been little apprehensive 
of facing all of you because you have been making requests for dividend. 
And at least I was happy that we went for the first time after a long 
period, declared a dividend of 10%. We could have done better, but this 
is the beginning and let me assure you on this front, you will not get 
discouraged and disappointed in future. It will be definitely reasonable 
and it will be definitely try to reach the market expectation. 
Second thing which is very important, which may not at the face of it 
look significant, but we unfortunately in our balance sheet four quarters 
back got disclaimer and this was a dampness in all respects. From that, 
last quarter we were able to move to modified opinion and happy to 
report that this time we have got no modified report and we have got 
broadly clean report. So this is a big development which we feel from 
all angles and especially gives lot of comfort to our lenders, that is our 
achievement. So that is the second thing which I wanted to draw your 
attention. 
Third thing which I wanted to draw your attention is that, now our board 
is fully functional, that we have a good board, we have a positive board 
and fairly diversified in the sense that we have one person from, who 
was ex-secretary DPE, she used to oversee Corporate Governance in 
over 200 public sector companies, so she is there to put stamp on 
corporate governance issues. We have Mrs. Bharti who was ex-CMD of 
Corporation Bank, ex-ED of Canara Bank as one of the Board Members. 
And third we have Mr. N.B. Gupta who is Director Finance of India's 
largest NBFC balance sheet, PFC, a Charted Accountant. And huge 
experience in international borrowings. 
So first time after long period like we have declared dividend. Shortly, 
we are proposing to raise $50 million loan from at a very good terms, 
from IIFCL-UK. And very soon the board meeting of IIFC is happening 
and this proposal is going to be considered there. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 29 
 
On the other area, which I wanted to highlight, is that we have -- our 
commitment was to become a green infrastructure finance company and 
we are moving in that direction. Thermal assets we want to reduce, it 
was as I said five years back over 40% which end of the previous year 
was 10%. We wanted to do better, but certain resolutions are on pipeline 
and the impact of that will be felt in a quarter or two. But our intention 
is to become zero thermal company and it has come down to 6% now. 
And by end of this year, we want to become zero thermal, we want to be 
the part of the green transition economy. That is where we want to be 
focused and position ourselves. 
On the operational front, yes, we have been able to maintain a good 
NIM. Our NIM has improved from 4% to 4.35% this time. On the 
spread, you will see there is a slight gap being in this quarter. But that is 
precisely because most of the banks increase their, rate, reference rate. 
We do mostly MCLR linked borrowing so they increased in the end of 
the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter. And normally 
in our system, almost all my loans on the asset side are based on floating 
rate. So, I am able to pass on the cost of borrowing to the borrowers. 
There was of course a little bit of time lag in that so my, I did two hikes 
but that happened in March. So full impact of that was not felt in the 
spread. So that we hope to cover up in the first quarter of the current 
year. 
Yes, we are also engaged with various international institutions for 
doing more ECB borrowings and diversify our source of borrowing. On 
stress asset resolution front that has been our strength and most of our 
stress which you will find which has been reflected here. We are on the 
anvil of resolution. We have got offers which we have to take good 
decision. Very soon we will be taking decisions on that. And we have 
been not zero on provisioning because the less-and-less provisioning 
which we do I find, the more-and-more conservative we are becoming 
in provisioning. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 29 
 
So, we have been very, very, stiff as far as the provisioning goes. And 
of course, you will find a declining trend and the credit cost cycle is 
almost over. But you will find that some very insignificant amount of 
provisioning happens. One area of concern which you will have and I 
would like to address it up front, which I probably would have taken up 
in the Q&A but I thought let me address it here itself. And that concern 
is your concern and our concern. And that is the loan book growth which 
is a matter of, attention. 
And but I am not taking any credit but at least last quarter, every quarter, 
last several quarters, six-seven quarters, my loan book has been 
declining. But I mean there is nothing to be proud of but at least this 
time we were able to hold it where it was. And there has been very 
insignificant increase but nevertheless, we have been able to hold it. And 
that is the area of concentration which will be our focus going forward. 
We have strengthened our community with Mr. Siva Kumar joining 
here. He brings a lot of experience with him and we have a decent 
pipeline of all kinds of projects, transmission line, we have road HAM 
projects, we have wind and renewable projects. As part of the green 
transition, the Prime Minister has said that India will -- today we are 
about less than 2 gigawatt of renewable energy. And he said, by 2030, 
500 gigawatt of renewable energy is what we are proposing. So there is 
a huge upside, huge demand and we are also targeting.  
E-mobility is going to have a holistic kind of growth. We have already 
made a beginning there and that we have built up a good pipeline in e-
mobility. We have entered the sector, water distribution. That is another 
area which we have picked up. We have also picked up the area of smart 
city. That is another area which we are trying to pick up areas in 
sustainability as much as not everywhere. But in the areas of 
sustainability, green infrastructure. Our firm believe is because if we 
compare our delinquency, at least the lending which we did in the last 
five years, none of our loans went into stress. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 29 
 
And apart from our strong credit underwriting, I think one reason for 
that has been that we have moved into an area which is green and our 
firm belief and our experience also was that what is good for 
environment is good for the economy also and that is good for economy 
is also good for the lender also. And this has been the theorem which we 
have been able to prove. And we will continue to work focus on that 
because normally an area which is focus of the government and which 
has a policy support, the delinquencies don't happen in those areas. If 
the policy support is not available to those areas. 
So, like, when we talk about green transition, the economies which are 
going to go back, they have to be they will recede. There will be -- there 
could be carbon tax, there could be dampeners around that. And whereas 
the sectors which are going to be towards environment or sustainability, 
they are going to get a lot of policy support. So that is why we are 
focused in that area and huge pipeline exists. 
So this is where we are moving away and hopefully with this balance 
sheet getting finalized, having declared dividend, having removed the 
qualifications from the balance sheet, given a reasonably decent number 
under the constraints and challenges. Not the best of the numbers, but 
consistently decent number in the face of challenges and constraints. 
Our disbursement in this quarter which went by was at least higher 
despite constraints in the previous quarter in the corresponding year. 
The board being fully functional, I think the PFS would be able to play 
a significant role in the green economy of the country. And we are trying 
to scale up our book size. We have ambitious plan for the current year. 
We have a decent pipeline of sanctions and we have a huge ambition on 
the sanctions and disbursements. So hopefully, next year as I said in the 
beginning that we have been able to address at least one of your concerns 
of dividend. Probably, there we will come back to you and you will not 
have reason to get dissatisfied. 
Thank you very much. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 29 
 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, very well elaborated by MD, sir. And as in my initial talk I 
mentioned that we are here not only for making money but also for a lot 
of other objective also. So, one of the objectives is to make, contribute 
in making the country as a carbon neutral country in the globe. So I 
request Mr. Sitesh Sinha to kindly elaborate more on this aspect. Over 
to you, Sitesh ji. 
Sitesh Sinha: 
Thank you, Abhinav. See just we last eight, nine years ago we have 
identified this is the ultimate objective of any organization and towards 
the environment. Meeting the, saving the environment is the goal. 
Despite that point of time central government doesn't have so much of 
focus. So we took initiative in funding the aggressive funding in wind 
and solar project. So cumulatively we have sanctioned Rs. 30,000 crores 
to that at least to achieve commissioning of more than about 15,000 
MW. 
Then secondly that with the policy support as our MD has said that the 
government policies are very lucrative for the change of environment or 
saving the environment. So e-mobility is a key concern area where the 
pollution from diesel or any other similar fuel is to be reduced. So we 
have started funding long-term funding for the e-mobility. We have 
sanctioned about 500 electric buses to be supplied over three states 
mainly in UP, Maharashtra and Gujarat. 
So out of that we have sanctioned Rs. 558 crores and most of the thing 
has been disbursed. Something has left over which will be disbursed in 
next quarter. And of course the transmission which is a very green, 
corridor transmission line we have sanctioned and we have sanctioned 
about 4,500 circuit kilometre. And we have in terms of amount, we have 
sanctioned close to Rs. 3,600 crores.  
So another sustainability for saving the environment is the water 
distribution and treatment. So under the Namami Gange, which is a 
sovereign fund project, have been specially established by this 
government eight year back. So the project has been taken up three, four 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 29 
 
years back only. So now out of that we have 362 MLD treated water, we 
have provided the facility so that can be discharged to the Ganga before 
it is being polluted. So we have in time to turn around to Rs. 500 crores 
amount and we are getting more proposals such proposal in that line. 
And lastly another infra that which is the -- for our demand of the 
country for growth that is road and railway development and the port. In 
the road, in terms of our portfolio which is the third largest sector that is 
157 kilometre of road network we have supported to develop. And we 
have the sanctions of Rs. 3,798 crores. And lastly port we have only few 
ports, we have sanctioned in last five years down the line. So that close 
to 43 million of tons cargo is being handled at one mainly in Odisha one 
port we have the running operational and total gross sanction in Odisha 
and other port is Rs. 708 crores. So that's the world environment here. 
Next. So these are the marquee clients to whom we have funded. That 
they are the top players of their respective area, like in the green 
renewable energy, like Renew, Green Co, Hero Future Energy, Global 
Infrastructure Partners, the US Fund. These are the top 10 players in the 
market. And in the road sector, we have sanctioned the Dilip Buildcon, 
like Dilip Buildcon. Other transmission, there's only two companies 
active in India in private sector. That is, we have funded both of the 
group, Sterlite and Adani Transmission. 
And the other electric bus, PMI is the major client. He's the number two 
electric bus supplier in India. So that's where we are trying to build our 
portfolio with the good, credible customers also. Next slide, Abhinav. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yeah, so thank you very much, Sitesh-ji. So financial is, of course, one 
aspect which investors always look into, although it's a reflection of the 
historical performance. But yes, it gives a guidance how the company 
will perform in future. So today, we are having our Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Sanjay Rustagi. So I request to kindly take a lead over to 
you, Sanjay sir. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 29 
 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
This is the position of the cash flow as on 31st March, 2023. The 
company, as per the balance sheet of March, 2023, there are certain 
liabilities which we have to honour in the next coming period of three 
years. And there are certain receivables which is expected to realize in 
the next three years. So it is a summary of those statements of what is 
realizable and what is payable. And different of those receivables and 
payable demonstrate the cash flows, the net cash flows. 
So these are giving the pictures of the net cash flows. With respect to 
the new funding, it's not taking care. So as Abhinav told or the MD sir 
told, there are a few proposals which we are taking over with banks. And 
we are hopeful to get these new sanctions in the next quarter. We will 
be able to fund those. So as far as it is giving a clear picture. And during 
the last year, we are a little bit, there are certain restrictions in the 
drawing the money from the current accounts. And we are hopeful that 
those will be free flow in the times to come from this year on. 
These are the key balance sheet indicators which have been given here. 
The loan sanction for the quarter ended March ‘23 is Rs. 1,563 crores, 
against the December quarter, Q3 quarter of Rs. 1,131 crores. On year-
to-year basis, our loan sanction is in the similar range of Rs. 3,854 crores 
against the previous year of Rs. 4,150 crores. The loan disbursement for 
the FY ‘23 is Rs. 2,253 crore. It has been a little bit come down due to 
non-functioning of the board during the first two quarters and part of the 
third quarter. 
And as compared to the last year disbursement was of Rs. 3,888 crores. 
The credit, the loan book has been Rs. 7,339 crores against previous year 
Rs. 8,686 crores. The capital adequacy ratio is 33.05% against the 
26.71%. And this is the next slide. 
The key operational indicators, the net interest income for the entire is 
Rs. 334 crores against Rs. 344 crores. It is almost in the similar range. 
The yield on the portfolio is also the 10.51% against the 10.60%. The 
cost of borrowed fund has increased a little bit, whereas in line with 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 29 
 
global trend, there is an increase in the cost of borrowing for other 
companies is to the extent of 100 bps. 
The spread is 2.83%. The earning per share has improved to Rs.2.74 
against Rs.2.02. The debt equity ratio has improved to 2.09 times against 
3.14 times. The return on the network has improved to 7.47% against 
5.93%. The return on assets has also improved from 2.05% against 
1.24%. 
This is the synopsis of the profit and loss account. If we see the profit 
after tax has improved to Rs. 175.81 crores against Rs. 129.98 crores. 
As compared to the last quarter of the previous financial year, the profit 
has increased to Rs. 36.41 crores against Rs. 24.98 crores. So it is almost 
50% increase in the profit. 
Next slide. This is the exposure, the operational performance, the sector-
wise outstanding. I request Sitesh Ji to explain some of these. 
Sitesh Sinha: 
Thank you. So this is a slide with the break-off of sector portfolio in 
terms of that we have been the green energy focused company. So today 
that RE sector constitute about 30%, that is 28.89%. Then next is that 
transmission, including private and state sector. It's all together close to 
Rs. 1,596 crores, that become 21.76%. And the third is the road sector. 
We have outstanding is Rs. 3,786 crores, which makes about 51% of our 
book size. 
And there are small portion, a very small portion left over for thermal 
hydro. As our MD said, this is less than 7%. This has been 6.49%. And 
that other infra, we started funding new ventures, including sustainable 
infra and some new infrastructure that constitute 6% to 8% and 8% to 
9%. And the rest of our exposure into state power utility, that is about 
23.41% of our total overall book size. 
Next slide. So this is in terms of quarter-wide movement of all sectors. 
If you see that we have almost constant in terms of all figure variation 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 29 
 
in terms of percentage, hardly any substantial change in any figures, 
except thermal it was starting Q4 was very higher number which are 
reduced to very less number. So other things are very parameter constant 
in terms of percentage growth and we are endeavour to make it a base 
number higher. And in terms of this is the earlier slide was in terms of 
rupees, this is in terms of percentage figure. So thank you. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So Sanjay sir, would you like to elaborate it? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
So this is the Key ratio movements that has been given there. During the 
last five quarters, how we have moved, whether it's a yield. So yield has 
been from 10.54% to improve to 10.61%. The cost of borrowing has 
increased from 7.6% to 8.11% and the NIM has improved from 4.30% 
to 4.35%. So this is the briefs about the financial figures. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So one important aspect of which we like to emphasize here is that our 
NIM has been increased. So it demonstrates that although there is an 
increase in the borrowing cost in the market, which can be recognized 
from the fact that from 7.60% it has been improved, increased to 8.11%. 
But our yield has increased more in comparison. So that shows our 
strength, that shows our commitment and that shows our efficiency. We 
are having negotiations with our customers and being able to bring more 
what our bankers have taken more from us. So net-to-net, if we compare 
what we paid and what we received, we are on the higher side in terms 
of receipts. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Yeah, one more thing I just want to point it out here. Since it's a pass-
through cost, so the cost of borrowing has increased. And it has been 
passed on to the customer as well. And during the last week of Q4, we 
have raised our PFS benchmark rate by 25 bps, that is in line with the 
market trends only. 
Yeah, the next slide. This is giving the details of the Stage 3 account as 
on March ‘23. So the loan outstanding as well as the provision 
mentioned against each loan account has been given here. So there are a 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 29 
 
few accounts which we are expected to resolve during the coming year, 
that is in FY ‘24. And most probably, the list of those accounts, maybe 
the Meenakshi is the one account. The one is the Vento Power, which 
we may looking for the change in promoter. These things are going on. 
We may expect the resolution for the IL&FS loan account, where the 
company has close to Rs. 2,500 crores in their TRA account. And so 
these are the key accounts which we will be expected to be resolving 
within the financial year ’25, in this financial year. 
Next slide. It is a credit snapshot. This is the synopsis of the net NPA 
levels and the gross NPA and the stage 3 account. So net NPA level from 
the beginning of the financial year, which were around Rs. 387 crores. 
Against that, we have around Rs. 306 crores. So there is a reduction of 
around Rs. 81 crores in the net NPA account in this financial year, which 
has a good thing. And the gross NPA is almost close to that Rs. 724 
crores and Rs. 716 crores. So there is a reduction of Rs. 8 crores. The 
next slide, Abhinav. This is the few CSR initiative undertaken by the 
company helping.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
So double social responsibility we are performing. So we not only 
performing our social responsibility in terms of project we are funding, 
but also in terms of infusing or utilizing part of our profit for the 
upliftment of the society or for various social purpose. I guess I may like 
to request MD sir around this aspect, if he may elaborate more, 
especially that Assam one, which is a very peculiar project which we 
have undertaken. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Yeah. So thank you, Abhinav. So we don't have huge funds like many 
of the companies, large companies, especially public sector ones have. 
But we have a small profit which we make. But we have been very 
wisely and very selectively using for the good of environment and 
society. That is what we have been able to do. And the projects which 
we take, we have tried to detail that with our business model. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 29 
 
So environmental, sustainability and United Nations sustainability 
development goals, that we have tried to integrate. So people of Delhi, 
many of you are not from Delhi. Few are only there. And in the winters, 
there is a huge problem of stubble burning. And air quality really falls 
down. But those who have to visit Delhi, sometimes avoid visiting Delhi 
also. 
So we have been able to adopt about 30,000 hectares of land under the 
COP or residue management along with CII Foundation. And impact of 
that, last year, the impact of stubble burning was much less than what it 
used to happen in previous years. In Alwar, we have taken up check dam 
projects. And because of that, the farmer land, which was semi-arable, 
has become, they were able to grow only very, very rough crops, now 
are able to grow vegetables. And instead of a single crop, they are able 
to grow two to three crops every year. 
Then in Delhi, in the Okhla area, waste management, we have cleaned 
up the colonies and juggis and jhopdis and made it much more cleaner. 
The recent project which we are now undertaking is a white-winged 
duck. Now, it is one of the most endangered species in the world. There 
are only 400 birds left. It's the state bird of Assam. But unfortunately, 
the rhino takes most of the time of the state, not any other species or 
animal. 
So we have taken up this. And only 200 are left. They are there in 
Arunachal and Assam. And 200 are there in a neighbouring country, 
Bangladesh, Myanmar, and so on. So in fact, we are trying to protect the 
habitat. And we are trying to also increase the breeding so that this does 
not become extinct. Like today, great Indian buster is no longer a great 
Indian buster. It is not there. So that is what we are trying to do. 
So we have tried to very, very selectively do something which is closer 
to environment, which is closer to society, mankind. We are all into 
cycle. We don't realize it, living in big cities. But our life is so much 
connected to value chain of plant life, animals, water bodies. And that is 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 29 
 
the, not only this. I mean, we started with many other corporate sectors, 
both in the crop residue management and also in this. Now, many of the 
companies in Delhi want to pick-up one animal or bird of one of the 
states to kind of preserve. 
So thank you. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Next slide is about our Board of Directors. MD sir has already explained 
it. Their experience, their expertise, their value, which they are also 
bringing in our system. And this second last one is your information 
only. So it's share holder information only, how you are valuing in a 
company and we are quite having a confidence that in coming time, we 
would be getting more value from your side. So before we go to last 
slide, a copy of this presentation is also being available in hard form. So 
if anyone wishes to have a copy, he may collect it from Mr. Jaymeen, 
on the last chair. So he is sitting there. So it may be collected from him. 
So thank you so much. Sir, with your kind permission, we may open for 
question-and-answer-session. So we are now open for question and 
answer. Anybody wish to have any question, may please ask. 
Analyst: 
You alluded to the point that loan growth has been struggling. Would 
you like to give some guidance on what you can expect in the current 
financial year given the kind of sanctions that are already existing and 
what probably is in the pipeline? 
Sitesh Sinha: 
Yes, for FY ‘24, we are targeting sanction around Rs. 6,000 crores with 
a disbursement Rs. 5,000 crores. And with net prepayment and 
repayment about Rs. 2,300 crores, we are targeting to reach about Rs. 
9,000 crores of book size. And as of now, we have already committed 
undisbursed portion of around Rs. 1,200 crores. Apart from that, we 
have the business pipeline, which are under various stages of due-
diligence. That's roughly about Rs. 4,500 crores. So that we are very 
positive that in coming quarter, we'll do much faster and aggressive 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 29 
 
manner. We'll try to achieve the most. We'll try to address this area of 
reduction in book size. 
Analyst: 
So then comes the point of where will the money come from? One of 
the things that Mr. Pawan referred to was that you have some loan 
coming through, some money coming through from the IFC. But apart 
from that, also your bank credit limits were frozen. So how soon will 
they open? Where will the funding for you come from? And what cost 
of funding will be incremental costly? And how will it play out on your 
spreads? 
Management: 
Yes, I think, Abhinav will answer that.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yeah, so funding would be coming from, of course, banks, only mainly 
from PSU Bank. We are in discussion with a couple of global institutions 
also. As mentioned by Dr. Singh also, we are in an advanced stage of 
raising $50 million from one UK-based institution. Now, in terms of 
borrowing cost, of course, you all must agree that the cost has gone up 
over a period of last one year in the market in general. So the reflection 
of that has already been reflected in our financial, whereas it was 7.66% 
last quarter, which we increased to 8.11%. 
Now, we are perceiving that there could be some further 50 bps to 70 
bps increase in our borrowing cost in coming time. But whatever be the 
increase in our portfolio in terms of borrowing cost, we would be in a 
position to pass it on to our customers. 
Analyst: 
So how do you see the spread spanning out? I mean, you think they'll be 
maintained at the same 2.5, 2.6, or do you think they'll go back to the 
3.1, which you have achieved? If you go back to that presentation, you'll 
see that spreads have come down. So where do you see the spreads in 
this? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So spread is one aspect. I think I should speak more about the NIM. So 
it has gone up from 4% to 4.35%. I guess it would be in the range of 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 29 
 
around 4% only. So that would continue. Of course, with the increase of 
our portfolio in coming time, that would be having a very positive 
impact on our profitability. That would go up in terms of more leverage 
on our balance sheet. So as of now, our debt equity ratio is just 2.09, 
which I should say is best among all the NBFCs operating in the country. 
So ideally, it should be at least four or five times. So that much cushion 
has been available to us. Now, if we go, suppose, by just two times only, 
so it would be around Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores additional 
business. Now, you would be knowing that more than me. So just 
calculate and then visualize the impact that would be on our bottom line. 
Analyst: 
Correct. And the last question comes on the provision side. And there's 
one more slide which shows that there's still quite a bit of provisioning 
that could be required. And if you see also, there was one NPA that 
probably hit your account this year, I mean, this quarter, because you 
saw from Q3 to Q4, there was an increase in gross and net NPAs. So can 
you give us some idea on the credit costs going forward as well, what 
you are seeing it as, and what your plan on doing that? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So three aspects. So one is, yes, there is one account, which is Vento 
Power, which has become NPA. Now, this account is a partly 
commissioned renewal power project, which means there is a short 
revenue. Of course, the revenue is not matching the dues. So whatever 
the revenue being generated from the project, partly dues will be served 
for PTC Financial. So, whatever be the probability of loss, we are 
following ECL since long. So that has already been provided in our 
financial. That is one. 
Now, in terms of ratio, this gross NPA and this net NPA, 9.68% and 
4.38%. So, if we look at our financial, we were at Rs. 13,321 crores. 
Now from Rs. 13,221 crores in this quarter, we are Rs. 7,339 crores. So 
since last 6, 7, 8 quarter, we were continuously declining. It is the first 
quarter where there is a nominal increase. So there is a bottom-up in our 
portfolio, that means bottom has already been achieved. And now there 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 29 
 
is a probability of growth in our portfolio. Now, if the portfolio grows 
further, then the percentage will automatically come down. Now, third 
aspect is… 
Analyst: 
Percentage coming down is yes. I'm saying what do you expect as the 
credit cost to be? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes, that is third aspect. So third aspect, I request our CFO sir to kindly 
guide us. 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
So the provision has been made as per the ECL model. So how ECL 
model works? So ECL model takes into account what is the expected 
realization in times to come. And based on that information we made a 
provision. So it is the best estimate on which we have made a provision, 
unless and until things change drastically, so I would not expect 
anything major to come in the times to come. 
Analyst: 
So now that PTC investment has been put on hold, disinvestment has 
been put on hold, so what are the plans of PTC for our company? Do 
they want to divest our stake, or do they want to continue with our 
investment? 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
So as far as PTC, its relationship with PFS is concerned, they continue 
to maintain whatever stake they have. They have no plans of getting 
divested, they have another board. My board has approved raising of Rs. 
500 crores capital, which we may reap at appropriate time. 
I told last time also, because with the current valuation and the current 
debt equity/ratio and current debt capital adequacy, there is no urgency 
to raise this money. But this are enabler which is available. To that 
extent, yes, when we raise this Rs. 500 crores, then percentage of share 
will come down. But they're not going to dilute. 
Management: 
So once we are having a question, we may have a brief introduction in 
terms of name and the organization to whom you are belonging. So as 
we may have a more acknowledgement of your kind institution. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 29 
 
Analyst: 
Now, congrats on the excellent results. Now looking at it, there are two 
parts. The first half and the second half. First half actually where you 
are not allowed to function in a normal course because of board issues 
which related to operational issues. And the second half where now the 
profitability has returned back. Third quarter, fourth quarter and some 
stability and you are now stepping up plans for expansion. 
In fact, we welcome the new ED and I have very high expectations from 
you for supporting MD, Mr. Pawan Singh who has really put his heart 
and soul into the job. Now looking at two parts. One is the financial part. 
Second is that core issue’s part which is coming from the quarterly 
report. One is, we saw that from borrowings of Rs. 7,000 crores we have 
come down to Rs. 5,000 crores year-to-year. 
Then you explained about your plans for the current year some Rs. 5,500 
crores increase will come and you mentioned $50 million from one 
London based party. What is a bank borrowing figure which is expected 
to come in the financial report in FY ’24 based on your calculation. Then 
I'll come to other issues. If you can just answer that, borrowing figure? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
It will be close to Rs. 7,000 odd crores again. 
Analyst: 
Okay, from Rs. 7,000 crores to Rs. 5,000 then we will recover to Rs. 
7,000? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Because if I have to increase my portfolio to Rs. 2,000 crores. So I have 
to borrow Rs. 2,000 crores because there will be some retain earning, 
there will be certain dividends. Which I am paying back to the 
shareholders. So more or less it will be in the range of Rs. 2,000 crore. 
Analyst: 
Good. We saw your presentation spread from Q3 to Q4 has come down 
because you are not able to fully pass on the increase in cost in terms of 
yield? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
There will be always some lag between the cost incurred by me and I 
will pass on. Because as per our company policy, there is a PFS 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 29 
 
benchmarked policy and as per that policy I need to take cognizance of 
what is my cost of borrowing for the quarter or month, once I calculated 
on a robust number then I will be able to pass on it to my borrower. 
Analyst: 
What is the yield expected? Average during the FY ’24? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
If I talk about the yield what we are expecting that 11% is the yield. 
Because… 
Analyst: 
Spread I am talking about -- 11%? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Spread may be 2.5 to 2.75, because it is a very dynamic environment 
and sometime there will be a lag between the pass on cost, suppose my 
cost of borrowing increases by 50 basis, I increases by 50 basis the cost 
of lending, the yield portion. But there will be a time lag I have to bear 
that cost for that in between. 
Analyst: 
So for growth we are sacrificing some yield in a short term, so would 
we have increase in core fee income this year we have seen fee income 
how it is effectively flat now what banks institutions make up by way of 
processing charges etc ? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
I just give you a little bit brief on it. So, the fee you are looking at the 
additional source of income for me the fee is the prepayment fee which 
I am getting once the borrower make the prepayment. The other fee like 
bank, because they are using the IGAP methodology, so the fee they 
earn during the year they are recognizing into the P&L account. Being 
the NBFC and I am maintaining my books of account as per the IndAS 
so in case of IndAS I need to amortize that fee over a period of time 
during the entire tenure of the year. 
So suppose if I am taking a fee of 1%, I am giving a loan of 15 years I 
cannot recognize the entire 1% in the year of receipt. I need to recognize 
that 1% fee income over a 15 period of years. So there will not be major 
impact on my profitability and fee is not part of… 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 29 
 
Analyst: 
So, we expect growth to come through higher leverage from a very 
conservative leverage of two times and excellent underwriting skills that 
will you know contain to credit cost minimal and then which will lead 
to higher popularity and higher dividends also as you assured. In fact we 
appreciate the Rs. 1 you have given it's a token PTC gave interim 
dividend and they have announced final dividend, two dividends so 
hopefully next year you will give two dividends. 
Now I will come to core corporate issues which has been raised in the 
quarterly report although it has improved from the last two, but it shows 
some concerns. I was wondering why? It talks about show cause notices 
and in terms of SEBI and also MCA one is it talks about some MCA 
some show cause notice of 2018 which was replied by the committee 
after consideration within one month.  
So why identify third parties it is mentioned, some complaints were 
identified third party made in 2018 and some period of March date is 
mentioned and in April after a few days it was considered and a reply 
was given. Why and which has no financial implications? So why this 
Lodha and company has issued this old, haunting investors to see there 
is no violation on financial impact, identified third party and which has 
been responded it doesn't relate to this quarter also. So why should it 
continue or what is the reason behind it because the Board would have 
considered we find that note actually totally frivolous and unnecessarily 
raising concern among people who don't know or who are not interacted 
with you because we interacted with you, we would support you fully 
because you explained to us the facts of the case. 
Here it is mentioned it creates alarm, maybe LIC knows about it 2% they 
are holding, Quant mutual fund also this Sandeep guy is there, he knows 
about it maybe will be interacting with you or your IR and he has not 
sold off, but this 2018 matter, Is it relevant to the financial reporting and 
statements then I'll come to the next one? 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 29 
 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
This is best to my knowledge year 2018, because that notice come in 
year 2018 then company respond in year 2018. Then they again raise 
certain more queries in lieu of the company’s reply in 2020 after a gap 
of around two years. So there is a time lag between the company 
response and the notices received or the communication received from 
the ROC. 
Why the Lodha and company has mentioned there is no financial impact 
because the 2018 or 2020 whatsoever letter has come that has containing 
the case of NSL Nagapatnam and if you see I have made the 100% 
provision in that account and that is in my view that is the reason Lodha 
& company has given from that so called notice, no material impact. 
Analyst: 
Who are these unidentified third parties? Who identify third parties? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
The name were not disclosed us by the MCA that is Company Secretary 
will know much more than that. 
Analyst: 
Are they expected to be Independent Directors before there was a scene? 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
No. there were certain complaints which were made in 2018 to MCA 
this was in regard to the -- then erstwhile management and this was done 
by some individuals, it is not related to ideas some individuals had 
complained, so that the MCA had sent to us board and audit committee 
considered and we have replied in 2020 as he says again some reference 
was sent back to us and we had again sent from the board of people we 
have sent the replies to the MCA. 
Analyst: 
Second is. it talks about the RMC of PFs your parent company PTC 
India is supposed to give some clear report in respect of the show cause 
notice issued by SEBI. So, is that matter done and over? 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Initially when we -- if you remember our Board was put to standstill and 
they said that you can reconstitute your Board after meeting two 
conditions. Number one, the RMC report of PTC submitted. Number 
two forensic audit is completed by CNK in PFS. So these two things 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 29 
 
were completed, when they were completed SEBI allowed us to 
reconstitute our Board, which we have done. So, RMC report is in the 
context of the constitution of our Board. 
Analyst: 
So, what we are looking at these two SCN matters show cause which we 
are talking before the meeting this has actually now no relevance for the 
quarter statements. What we expect now, this is done, it can't be 
reversed. In the future quarterly reports, do we expect these statements 
will not be there? Because there is no need for it to be there for the 
quarterly results. These are all historic matters which have been resolved 
totally clearly? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
Auditors are saying, since these matters communication is still going on, 
till the time the communication is -- some query came so that is the 
reason, so that is the reason, they put it into their remarks or in the notes. 
Analyst: 
 
I am talking about future quarters? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
So future quarters, it will totally depend upon how the things shaped up. 
In case, if it has been settled or we have not getting any query from them, 
it might be deleted or either will be able to explain it to the… 
Analyst: 
Hopefully, yes. Enquiry having material financial impact, otherwise no. 
Not the correspondence matter? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
It has been clearly mentioned, there is no material financial impact for 
these transactions. In fact, they have mentioned it. 
Analyst: 
The next is on this forensic audit which came out by the CNK, a very 
comprehensive one which was actually very poorly drafted and in bad 
taste, but it was called the interim forensic audit report? So, is it the final 
forensic audit report is a matter closed or they want to keep it hanging? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Sir, this forensic audit matter has already been closed. So initially, they 
had given the interim report then they had given the final report. And 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 29 
 
then it is already been considered by our board and thereafter we had 
this Q1, and Q2 and Q3 financial results. 
Analyst: 
 
Great. So matter is closed now? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Analyst: 
 
So no issue which will come up in reporting? 
Management: 
It is a history for us. 
Analyst: 
Okay. Now, what I would suggest to you, the annual report will come 
up any time. Annual report you must try only the relevant information 
having financial material impact of the company during the year are 
recorded. You must try fully with this auditor and convince them 
because this is raising alarms among the lenders also, your accounts get 
frozen and all that, you know, SEBI, RBI everybody looks through it.  
So have only those clauses which have financial material impact, those 
notes you should be willing to include and which they have a right to 
audit. They can't insist on notes which are not relevant, which are not 
relevant to material financial reporting. This is just a suggestion. You 
try it should work. 
Another point, lastly. I saw in one of the points it is mentioned in respect 
of one show cause notice, this is a personal matter, you are putting your 
heart and soul in the job, the notice may be addressed to you whatever 
they have written because you are the executive on the board and you 
will reply personally that is the way it has been worded in the notes to 
accounts, ultimately the company is liable for all acts you are doing. 
Company has to fully support you. 
There is no such thing as it's a personal communication and you have to 
personally respond. You are not -- if there are allegations on 
misdemeanor, it is not on you. If you are doing misdemeanor then it is 
different you have to compensate, but otherwise you are an officer of the 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 29 
 
company and you are doing all work on behalf of the company. It was 
mentioned in the notes accounts matter is personal and you will reply 
personally. So, if it is done in good faith then with actually, we fully 
support you but you should not be held personally liable. You should 
clearly communicated about it's not a personal thing. 
Management: 
I would like to have your point but I have to clear…. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
I really appreciate the way you are putting things across and lot of things 
are also getting clearer to us by your observation. And thank you very 
much for that. The board is fully supporting us that's no denying, but 
like you have said probably I think in our wherever we are 
communicating to regulator probably, we have noted if see to be more 
explicit the way you have suggested wherever possible.  
Analyst: 
Thanks. And I am happy, last time it suggested about the minutes which 
were not being recorded and you have written in the quarterly reports, 
those minutes have been completed there was a gap and minutes are 
completed you can't hold those people who are absent they can't hold up 
the minutes. So that's a good step so in future also I believe now we are 
in the quantum we take the quantum jump. And once again I would 
request you should be there for the next five years and steer the company 
and take it on the next level. All the best. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
 
Thank you again for your good wishes, but it's entirely the board 
and the shareholders to decide. 
Analyst: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to have some 
data-keeping questions. So there were two rate hikes that were done in 
March. So, I just wanted to know the extent of the rate hikes, what is the 
possible impact that it might have on the NIMs, and if we think that, it 
might improve above 4.35% that is at current level? Thank you. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, as we mentioned in our earlier dialogue, there is in general interest 
rate hike in the market and Reserve Bank of India increased the rates in 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 29 
 
past. In turn, bankers have increased the rates in past and then in turn we 
have to increase the rates. So as to pass on the additional burden to our 
customers. So, we are not visualizing any impact be it positive or be it 
negative on our NIM because of those rate hikes. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
I would like to enter that. So you know, it's a very relevant question 
which you have asked and I must answer it correctly. So you said that 
two rate hikes have happened, I said that in March two rate hikes have 
happened, which there was a lag between – {25bps repetition}one 
January 25 bps another in March 25 bps. 50 bps have happened. So 
straight away on my yield, there will be a 50 bps increase which will 
happen. 
Now, when I calculate my NIM, is my interest income minus interest 
expense divided by my loan asset. So that is how I calculate my NIM. 
So naturally, when my interest income increases by increasing that 
point, there will be an improvement in the NIM. The corresponding 
increase will happen. So, impact of that will depend on three variables, 
the loan asset, the difference in that but also to the extent how much 
what happens that is why NIM is a good indicator. Sometimes, NIM also 
has to be read with spread. So sometimes it can be illustrative, it can be 
misleading and sometimes it can be so it has to be read along with 
spread. But effectively, on my spread I will be increasing 50 bps, straight 
away. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So in case anyone has any questions please ask or we may conclude it 
today with request to our MD sir for having a closing remarks. 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Thank you very much. Wonderful interaction. And there was a little bit 
of dilemma for us that we should have on the whether we should have a 
interaction here or we should have interaction through a call, but I feel 
that it is you know when I come here I learn more than what I share with 
you. So, this is an opportunity I feel that we should not lose and we 
would always like to come here because there is learning from you to us 
and many ideas also we get from you. And I must thank you for that. 

 
 
PTC India Financial Services Limited
 
 
May 22, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 29 
 
And also, the feedback from you gives us lot of hope and encouragement 
because when we have gone through little ups and downs in the previous 
time which we are now out of it, but during that time also, the 
shareholders stood by us supported us and I am really grateful that not 
only you supported us, but that you were able to see the right that is your 
capability that you were able to see the right. And you were able to 
support the right thing that is a wonderful thing which has happened for 
this company. 
Going forward, yes, I think, the things look much more promising than 
what they were in, each quarter we have tried to you know come out of 
the issues and challenges and now probably we are in the situation where 
we will be able to steer and move in a direction where what we vision 
which we have for this company. One is of course crisis management, 
overcoming obstacles and challenges and problems that I think at least 
that front, I will not be modest I will try to pat my back and my team. 
Because that is what we have been able to do, but our capability lies in 
steering the company forward take this company to new height and 
shareholder has put his money and there should be always something on 
the plate and we are determined to do that. So thank you very much.  
Abhinav Goyal: 
 
Thank you so much. So we have make arrangement for small… 
Dr. Pawan Singh: 
Yes, request you to please join us for -- join us so that we can also 
interact there informally. Thank you so much. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
 
Thank you. 
****************************************** 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability. 
 
