lloo~mN" Q:J~~m~Of' ~~~~ 
_. 
N 
~~~TJ~ec 
~0:S'k1'"'~ Q;(l.,.,feCNt ~files 
j6lfl(i1<01 
HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICS LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE 
CO/SEC/4(7)/2023-24/ BSE & NSE Filing/20 
hl 
23 May, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai- 400051 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY23 Results Conference Call 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 541154, NSE Symbol: HAL 
*** 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of Q4FY23 Results Conference Call 
held on Wednesday, the 17th May, 2023 hosted by Elara Securities (India) Pvt Ltd. 
2. 
The same is made available on Company's Website at https://hal-
india. co. in/Analyst/lnvestors%20Meet/M 
423 
3. 
This is for your information and record, please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd 
(Shailesh Bansal) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
15/1, 'd'l.J~ dtae~. ?joriWr>dJ- 560 001, 5~FS35, ?tJdO~, 15/1, Cf>MFf m, ~- 560 001, q;ufc;cp, 'l:fffi1 
15/1, Cubbon Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka, India 
ctrc>d~ro <~> Ph. : +91-80-2232 ooo1, 2232 0475, r.pe>eSu",__, <m> Fax: +91-80-2232 0758 
~ e;i)eef" (l) Email : cosec@hal-india.co.in 
CIN: L35301 KA 1963GOI001622 
SHAILESH 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by SHAILESH BANSAL 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=560093, st=KARNATAKA, street=QUARTER 
NUMBER FD 39 HAL SENIOR OFFICERS ENCLAVEBENGALURUOLD 
MADRAS ROADC V RAMAN NAGAR POST 560093, l=BENGALURU, 
o=Personal, title=9169, 
serialNumber=2fa74fb29e5b22e3f69ce9f4b2744722d3b2e10640bec
0245509ef4767c45738, pseudonym=916920221102135617427, 
2.5.4.20=0c1e98bc63a69fb52335123f2b1199152a349797bc575a30e1
99cb9152024f8f, email=SHAILESH1245@HOTMAIL.COM, 
cn=SHAILESH BANSAL 
Date: 2023.05.23 12:04:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C. B. ANANTHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
& CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER WITH ADDITIONAL 
CHARGE OF CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYADEVA E. P. – DIRECTOR (OPERATIONS) WITH 
ADDITIONAL CHARGE OF DIRECTOR (HUMAN 
RESOURCES) – HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHAILESH BANSAL – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICS LIMITED 
 
HOSTED BY:  
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA – ELARA SECURITIES (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED  

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Hindustan Aeronautics hosted by Elara Securities (India) Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia 
from Elara Securities (India) Private Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Celvin. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all 
for the Q4 FY '23 and FY '23 conference call of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited. I take this 
opportunity to welcome the management of Hindustan Aeronautics represented by Shri C.B. 
Ananthakrishnan, Director (Finance) and CEO with additional charge of Chairman and 
Managing Director; Shri Jayadeva E.P., Director (Operations) with additional charge of Director 
(HR), along with their team members. We will begin the call with a brief overview by the 
management, followed by a Q&A session. I will now hand over the call to Ananthakrishnan sir 
for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you, and we welcome to fourth quarter financial year results 
of 2023 earnings call. First and foremost, I express my sincere gratitude to all of you for being 
present today to interact with us and to get all the clarifications and the, sort of, future prospects 
of HAL. I have with me Mr. E.P. Jayadeva, Director Operations, who is also holding the 
additional charge of Director HR; Company Secretary, Mr. Bansal and all of the senior officials. 
As you are aware, we have declared our financial results for the FY '22-'23, and this call is 
intended to clarify all the questions you have on the company's performance. The financial year, 
as you are all aware, has been a very eventful year as far as HAL is concerned. In fact, if you 
recall, at the beginning of the year, we started the year with sort of a revenue deficit of almost 
INR6,000 crores between the executable orders on hand and the revenue target for the year. 
In fact, the manufacturing orders were all getting depleted. So we were all wondering as to the 
INR6,000 crores, how to meet this gap. The year was even more challenging considering the 
business environment amidst global economic uncertainties, certain limited supply chain 
disruptions and other challenging results. 
However, we have shown some sort of resilience and adaptability in navigating these challenges 
and could rather post a very strong set of numbers, which we will discuss subsequently. FY '22-
'23, in general, and second half of the year, in particular, have witnessed some significant events. 
As you are aware, the Honorable Prime Minister of India has dedicated our greenfield helicopter 
project, one of the biggest, in the country at Tumakuru to the nation. 
He also, at that occasion, unveiled the light utility helicopter of HAL, designed and developed 
by HAL. Again, in a major boost to indigenization, our Honorable Prime Minister has unveiled 
the HTT-40 at DEF EXPO-'22 during October '22. HAL also has concluded on that occasion 70 
number of HTT trainers valued at around INR7,000 crores approximately. HAL-L&T 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
consortium, again, has bagged INR860 crores contract for end-to-end realization of this 5 Polar 
Satellite Launch vehicles, PSLV, from the New Space India Limited. This I had been mentioning 
because this is one of the major forays of HAL into the aerospace industry, especially the space 
sector in collaboration with the private industry for delivering these satellites to the ISRO, Indian 
Space Research Organization. 
Now as far as the financial performance is concerned, we had a very robust financial results 
being posted in last FY '22-'23. Our revenue, we had reached a record revenue of almost 
INR26,900 crores as against INR24,600 crores in the previous year, registering a growth of 
almost 9% plus. In fact, our initial guidance, we have always been maintaining at 8% and we 
said that we will reach a double-digit growth from '24-'25 onwards. And in fact, I would say 
with confidence, we are progressing quite well. So that we could achieve a revenue target of 
growth of 9.37% in the last financial year. 
This year would be no different from that. We will be further strengthening that. And as we have 
indicated in the few last calls, we will be able to reach a double-digit growth of 10% from '24-
'25 onwards. The manufacturing segment, yes, it has remained subdued going to certain lower 
platforms available for execution. However, the shortfall, we could make good through the 
execution of the repair & overhaul orders. And this trend expected to continue in the current 
financial year as well. And from the next year onwards, the manufacturing numbers will start 
picking up once we start delivering the platforms basically the LCA Mk1A. 
Similarly, from '24-'25 onwards, apart from your LCA Mk1A, we will also expect significant 
improvement towards the delivery of your HTT-40 aircraft, which is expected to come on from 
September '24 onwards and 25 ALH, additional ALH and AL-31FP, which is Sukhoi engine 
contracts once we start executing that. PBT has registered an increase of almost 24%. It has 
grown to INR6,500 crores approximately from INR5,231 crores in the previous financial year. 
Basically, one of the reasons has been that the increase in the interest income, which has also 
accrued to us on account of 2 reasons. One is the healthy cash balance and the second one is the 
refund of the long disputed income tax dispute, which was there with the department, which we 
also got settled in the last year. The upward trend of the interest rates as healthy company on the 
nonoperating income front, we have received an interest income of almost INR900 crores plus 
from the surplus balances as against approximately INR400 crores in the previous year. 
In addition, in the current year, we have also received an interest, as I've indicated earlier, interest 
of almost INR560 crores from the income tax department on account of the refund, which were 
against the disputed amounts, which are lying with them. Incidentally, I would also like to take 
this opportunity to inform you that we have settled this long-pending dispute with the income 
tax department and have received almost INR2,451 crores as tax refund and INR830 crores as 
interest from the department in the last 2 years. That is for FY '22-'23 and FY '21-'22. 
This has settled the tax dispute with the department for all the financial years starting from 2008 
onwards to 2015-'16. We are quite comfortable now having settled all the disputes with them. 
In line with this increase in the PBT and the PAT has also comparatively improved, the PAT 
growth also has been quite substantial at around 14%. In fact, I have seen that many people have 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
observed that there is a decline in PAT on the fourth quarter of '22-'23 as compared to the 
corresponding period of '21-'22. We would like to clarify here, the fourth quarter '22, the real 
profit after tax has not come down. It is only because of certain adjustments in income tax refund, 
the refund which we have got in the last fourth quarter was slightly higher at INR1,200 crores 
as against some INR700 crores during the previous fourth quarter. 
So if you adjust for the same, the PAT has grown at around 10% even in the fourth quarter. This 
is purely -- an operating PAT has grown at around 10%. EBITDA for the year has stood at 
around 31% of the revenues as compared to the long-term trend of around 25% to 26%. This, 
again, I would like to clarify that may not be sustainable at 31%. We will settle down at 26%, 
27%. This increase in the EBITDA for the current financial year is mainly on account of certain 
amortizations, which we have got in the current financial year of almost close to INR600 crores 
on account of the HTT contract, which we have finalized in the last year. 
Similarly, on the dividend fund, I think we've been rewarding to all the investors. We have paid 
one final dividend of last financial year, '21-'22 and 2 interim dividends. All totaling to almost 
INR50 per share, which works out to almost 500% of the face value of INR10 per share. On the 
order book, you will all be interested quite as we have always been maintaining. In fact, in the 
last earnings call also, we have mentioned at around INR82 000, INR83,000 crores. In spite of 
liquidating the orders, still the order book remains at a healthy INR82,000 crores approximately. 
We have almost liquidated INR26,000 crores of order from the last financial year. 
This was also possible because of fresh order accretion of almost INR26,000 crores during the 
year. Major orders, as I have already indicated, 70 numbers of HTT-40 and 6 Dornier, valued at 
almost INR9,000 crores. And another INR800 crores of PSLV from New Space India Limited, 
we have got. All this has added to the order book position. And balance order flow, as you are 
aware, that repair & overhaul, there has always been an accretion to the order book and almost 
INR18,000 crores of order for repair & overhaul accrued. 
Again, the fresh orders we are expecting the new orders to come through from 25 numbers of 
Advanced Light Helicopter Dhruv, 12 numbers of LUH, Light Utility Helicopters and again, the 
engines for the AL-31FP and RD33 engines for MiG series of aircraft. So all these cost 
negotiations have all been completed, and these are all in the advanced stages of completion. So 
we expect estimated order value of almost INR48,000 crores to get concluded in the coming 
financial year, which means within a time span of 6 to 10 months. 
Further, on the UHM -- Maritime Helicopter 60  numbers, AON has already been approved. And 
Coast Guard, 9 helicopters also, AON is an acceptance of necessity which has already been 
approved, which means that there is a very clear visibility towards these orders for HAL in the 
next 2 to 3 years' time period. As far as the utility helicopter that UHM -- Maritime helicopter is 
concerned, we will be receiving a sanction initially for the design and development and 
subsequently, it will be followed by the procurement order. 
Similarly, we have completed the LCH. There is a light combat helicopter, 15 numbers, and we 
expect bigger orders from this on light combat helicopter. We are in advanced stages of 
negotiations with the customer. They are identifying the additional systems, which are recorded 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
for the light combat helicopter. And once it is getting finalized, the AON also will be getting 
approved. 
And this is also expected at around INR45,000 crores, including the optional and rolled 
equipment put together. This will be an anticipated order. This again, there is some visibility, 
which will happen in the next 2 to 3 year timeframe. In addition, we also anticipate the LUH, 
light utility helicopters of additional order of almost 175 numbers. These are all anticipated 
orders for which visibility is there, but we are at the AON stage, the process will start 
subsequently. 
Similarly, the additional HTT-40 and upgrades on Dornier aircraft. So once these orders are 
fructified, the order book positions further get strengthened and puts us on a higher trajectory of 
growth, which we have been promising to achieve a double-digit growth from '24-'25 onwards. 
We are also trying to take some very significant efforts to promote our international business 
with a wide range of indigenous platforms.  
We are aggressively pursuing some of the export leads from various countries, we have received 
the export leads from Algeria, Argentina, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Middle East. And 
we are quite involved in these various discussions, and we are awaiting one breakthrough order 
to happen, which we are very positive, it should happen in the next 1 year timeframe. 
HAL also has been one of the major beneficiaries of Government of India's Atmanirbharta and 
self-reliance initiatives. Now many of our platforms and systems, which HAL is manufacturing 
or appearing in the positive indigenization is, it should mean that the imports will not be there 
and HAL will be the production agency and supplying agency for these platforms. It will help 
HAL in securing fresh order and also fulfill the requirement of the defense forces within the 
framework of the country. These efforts will not only benefit HAL but also to -- the Indian 
ecosystem of various vendors and suppliers. 
To conclude, I will not take much time. I would say that we are committed towards excellence 
and will continue to propel the nation towards Atmanirbharta in defense aerospace 
manufacturing through our indigenous design capabilities, which we have developed over a 
period of almost 7 decades. I think, all in all, the future of HAL appears quite bright. And with 
all these initiatives towards indigenization and self-reliance, we are quite sure that the growth 
trajectory of HAL is very sound and strong. I think with this, I will open the floor for further 
questions and clarifications, which you will have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Dixit: 
I have 2 questions. The first pertains to actually LCA Mk1A. In certain sections of media, it has 
appeared that this project could be delayed by a few months. So just wanted to get your thoughts 
on when we can expect LCA Mk1A to be executed. And when do you expect it before the 
manufacturing to start and deliveries to start? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes. as per the contracted delivery schedule, the delivery should come on from February '24 
onwards. And in the current financial year, we are supposed to deliver 1 fighter and 2 trainer, 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
total 3 aircraft during the current financial year. And we are on the track. In fact, it also involves 
certification of many of the systems, which are added on to LCA Mk1. And we along with the 
ADA, that is Aeronautical Development Agency, we are working towards achieving these 
certification processes well in time so that the deliveries also will happen. 
As of now, we are working on a very tight schedule with all this. Many of these systems to get 
certified. We have already started build of the aircraft and the aircraft structure should be 
available, by June or in the next 3 to 4 months. 
And after that, the systems also, as and when it gets certified, it will get fitted into that, and we 
will be in a position to have the ground test and things like that happening in the next 8 to 10 
months' time frame. So we are working towards meeting the delivery time lines. Probably even 
if there are going to be some sort of delays, it may not be very significant. We are confident that 
we should be able to work on those delays and see that these aircraft are delivered as per the 
contracted delivery schedule. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, just a follow-up on this. What is the delivery schedule like? How much you are -- how many 
are you expected to deliver in FY '25, '26, '27? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
As per the contracted delivery schedule, it is 16 numbers starting from '24-'25 onwards. 3 to be 
there in the current financial year, and 16 are to be delivered every year. Peak load of delivery 
is 16 numbers. In fact, you may be aware that recently we have also started putting up a third 
line in Nashik division to see that how these deliveries could be expedited. While 16 numbers 
we will be able to make from our facilities in Bangalore, we wanted to increase these numbers 
so that the deliveries could be at a faster rate and we will be in a position to conclude the complete 
delivery within at least a year before what has been contracted to the delivery schedule. So as 
I've said, even if 1 or 2 aircraft, we fall short, in the current financial year, we'll be able to make 
good with our additional capacities in the subsequent years. 
Amit Dixit: 
Wonderful, sir. The second question is essentially on the order book accretion. You had 
mentioned that in terms of manufacturing, there is a possibility of INR48,000 crores order 
conclusion. Can you enumerate a similar number for ROH and development also? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes. ROH, we expect the order book accretion year-on-year will be  on an average, it should be 
INR17,000 crores to INR18,000 crores. So that will only keep increasing. But as of now, we 
maintain an average order book of towards ROH, it should be INR18,000 crores . 
Amit Dixit: 
And development? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Development orders, depends again on certain sanctions which will come through. We are also 
not waiting for the development orders to come through. We are also funding it internally from 
our resources. And as and when it comes through, we will be able to take it down. But we are 
sure that the development, you know that IMRH program will be coming through.  
Then your LCH Phase II systems, when it is going to be there, this will be an addition to 
development orders and similarly, certain AMCA portion also will come through. UHM 
sanctions will be there. So all this would mean the development orders also will substantially 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
increase. But as of now, we will not be able to commit the number on development orders 
because we have started discussing with them right now. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, just a follow-up on the ROH. What is the execution period, like, INR17,000 crores to 
INR18,000 crores? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
That is on a year-on-year basis. Our accretion, our execution timeframe is within 1 year, 12-
month period. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead.  
Charanjit Singh: 
First of all, congratulations on good set of numbers. And sir, my first question is that in terms of 
this engine framework contract, which you have been talking about, for a long time, at what 
stage it is? And do we see this getting finalized in the next 6 months' timeframe? Because then 
the election and the code of conduct, can it impact some of the order inflow finalizations what 
we are expecting? That's my first question. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Which engine framework you are talking about? 
Charanjit Singh: 
So the AL-31FP? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
AL-31FP, 240 numbers of engines, which we are already in the advanced stages of negotiations. 
We have completed the CNCs also. That is a contract negotiations has been over with the 
customer. Now the process is on for putting up the paper for CCS approval, and we are sure that 
we will be able to get this order in the current financial year. It is quite in advanced stage. We 
will be able to conclude it within the next 6 months to 8 months timeframe. 
Charanjit Singh: 
And sir, what will be the total value of this order? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Total value of this order should be around INR26,000 crores. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Okay, sir. Sir, the other question is on the export side. You have touched upon that there is some 
opportunity which is emerging. So if you can just give us more details in terms of what kind of 
platform what we are looking at in the export market. And we had earlier also participated in 
one of the international export orders. So what is giving us the confidence and what will be the 
quantum of this order when we are looking at the exports potential? 
E. P. Jayadeva: 
We are working on countries like Philippines, Argentina, Egypt, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Botswana, 
Thailand and Nigeria on fixed wing LCA as well as rotary wing helicopters like ALH, LUH and 
LCH. So these are the major countries we are working on. And we have submitted our proposals 
to all these countries for the helicopters as well as fixed wing. And we are following up with our 
leads in both our defense channels as well as their services. So right now, one or two leads are 
in the advanced stage, like, for example, Philippines and Argentina. Rest of all, we are trying to 
further impress upon them to consider these proposals, and then we are pushing our case with 
them. 
Charanjit Singh: 
And sir, how large these initial orders could be for us? 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
E. P. Jayadeva: 
Initial orders to start with, we are looking for some foray with our ALH platform. So that could 
be to the tune of around USD 150 million to start with. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Got it, sir. Sir, lastly, sir, on the spares side, earlier we had certain issues in terms of getting the 
spares from Russia. So now how is the -- in terms of the supply chain, any issues where we need 
to worry about or have you resolved that? And what is the level of indigenization now we are 
looking at on the spares side? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes, there have been some sort of concerns because of this geopolitical conflict, especially from 
the Russian side. But so far, we have been able to manage those sort of disruptions, if at all there 
have been some delays, but it is getting normalized, and we have started getting the supplies. 
And I feel that there may not be a big issue. We will be able to manage that. I would like to also 
highlight here that so far in the last 2 years in spite of all these COVID disruptions as well as the 
subsequent geopolitical conflict, HAL has always been in a position to maintain the operations 
without any disruptions and the fleet serviceability has also not been affected. 
We are very confident that with our channels being opened up with the Russians, we will be able 
to get the supply chain continues without any disruptions. Certain payments issues were there, 
which also has been sorted out. Now we are in a position that some of our payments are also 
going through. Our interest is to maintain the fleet. We will not have a difficulty. We will be 
able to maintain those fleets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management Company. 
Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
My first question is on the grounding of ALH, for sure. So what I understand is that we are going 
to replace aluminum control rods with the steel rods. So with this change, have all the issues 
been resolved or there have been some pending design or any other issues? And when can we 
expect the armed forces to start flying the ALH? 
And secondly, if you could also help us understand how has this issue impacted the future order 
book of the company, especially the 25 ALH order which we are expecting and also 140 LCH 
order, which we are expecting in the next 1 to 2 years as LCH and ALH have similar designs 
and engines. So will there be a delay in these orders or any other orders because of this issue? 
E. P. Jayadeva: 
As you are aware, we landed in 3 incidents back-to-back during the last 2, 2.5 months. Actually, 
that has put us a little bit on back foot. But we would like to mention here that all these accidents 
are not due to similar issues. They are all different issues, not attributable to 1 issue only. And 
that's how it is not attributable to the same problem. So there's no design in all these 3 helicopters 
as of now. Out of these, for 2 preliminary investigations have been completed. The third one is 
still under investigation. We would not like to comment on that. 
But otherwise, the design adequacy has been reinforced again. And we feel that there is no 
requirement to redesign the helicopter wherever these problems have encountered. But as a 
precautionary measure to reinforce the control rod of aluminum. But now we have decided to 
go for steel so that the steel are more damage tolerant and if some sort of a misalignment or 
some maintenance issues are there, they can be more accommodative. And that is the reason 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
why we are going for steel rods now. It is nothing to do with design adequacy as such. So the 
helicopters are safe in the present configuration also. So that is how it is as of now. 
And other fleet owners are still flying the helicopters. So everybody has not grounded the 
helicopters as of now. And if you see the helicopter accident rates of ALH, it has gone for almost 
3.9 lakh hours all put together. And we have incidents of around 7.3 or 7.4 per lakh hours. So 
this is considered to be very good indication of safety of the helicopter comparing to other 
international players. 
And during the last 2 years also, we have got a very good record of safety. number of accidents 
being very, very less compared to average -- normal average, which is worldwide safe. So we 
feel that ALH is in good hands and then design has been robust. And then this doesn't have any 
impact on the future orders for ALH, either be it UHM or for any other further requirements. 
Our defense services are quite confident of this machine. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Now just to add to what our Director Operations has said as far as the ALH, since it has been a 
back-to-back accidents, which have happened, there has been some concerns. But otherwise as 
the preliminary investigations revealed, this is not really a major concern as far as the design of 
helicopter is concerned. Whatever there's certain smaller issues, which are coming up, which 
need to be reinforced, we are very confident that we'll be able to get through that. 
And one more thing which we would like to mention that not all the fleets have been grounded. 
I understand that one of the services is still flying. Air Force is flying. Army only has grounded 
it. And Army also once we get the preliminary checks done, they will also fly, because it has 
been in operation for the last almost 20-plus years. just a bit of statistics on this. 
Up to 2018, almost 18 years, we have flown almost close to 2 lakh hours with 19 accidents, 
which translates into some 9.1 or 9.2 per lakh hour. And after 2018, we have exploited the 
machine because the numbers have increased and it has equally flown another 2 lakh hours in 
the last 4, 5 years. And there, the accident rate, it is somewhere around 11. And because of this 
back-to-back accidents, which has, in fact, reduced it. This is not to justify the accidents, but 
only to give you confidence that this aircraft is a very robust aircraft and a proven aircraft and 
tested aircraft and the design capabilities and things like that, it is a continuous improvement, 
which we will have to make. 
It is not something which only because of accidents, which is happening, which we are trying to 
improve on the design capabilities, it is a continuous improvement, which we will keep to make. 
But we are very confidently we can tell that this machine is a very proven machine, and there is 
nothing concerned about that, except that unfortunate incident which has happened in the last 3 
to 4 months. 
Aditya: 
I just had a follow-up. So just wanted to know what will be the cost of rectifying the -- or 
replacement of the control rods or any other issues which were identified because we'll have to 
replace this for all the fleet of 300 ALH. So what will be the approximate cost of recertifying 
this? And will we -- will be we getting compensated from the armed forces? 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
See, first of all, that it has to be established that as to what is all needs replacement and the sort 
of thing as we understand from the preliminary investigation, it is not going to be anything very 
major except for this control rods, again, it is not going to be an expensive proposition to convert 
it from aluminum to steel rod. The cost as of now, we don't anticipate much cost. It should be in 
the range of around INR150 crores to INR200 crores. And moreover, we are also having a 
warranty cover for many of these air crafts. So the cost will not majorly impact the profitability 
of company. As I told, it could be in the range of not more than INR200 crores. 
Aditya: 
Sir. I had another question regarding ROH revenue. So we had an ROH revenue of around 
INR18,800 crores this year. So if you can just broadly split what would be the contribution of 
top 3 or 4 major platforms like SU-30, ALH and engines in our ROH revenue? And secondly, 
what kind of growth can we expect from ROH in the next 2 to 3 years? And what will contribute 
-- which platforms will continue to sub growth? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
The ROH revenue for '22 '23, I will give some of the major platforms, which has contributed to 
this revenue. One is that Sukhoi-30 repair and overhaul 20 numbers of repair and overhaul has 
happened, which earlier it was somewhere around 18 and 15 to 18 and then to 20 now peak load. 
And we are further confident of increasing it to another 2 to 3 numbers extra in the current 
financial year. 
The second one is on engines, AL-31FP engines repair and overhaul. Some 76 numbers have 
been done in the current year. Our target is to reach to a number of around 95 to 100 in the 
current financial year to a maximum of around 105. Then rotables, of course, the various rotables 
also that keeps increasing that contributed to around INR1,000 crores in the last financial year. 
And as far as the ALH is concerned, almost 30 number for ALH has been repaired and 
overhauled in the last financial year. 
All these have been contributing to the top line growth of revenue, repair and overhaul, apart 
from the increase in the supply of spares, which also contributed to almost close to INR5,000 
crores. So this sort of pattern is likely to continue in the current financial year as well with a 
marginal increase in the repair and overhaul activity. But from the next year onwards, the growth 
in the repair and overhaul will be at around 5% to 6%. With the manufacturing pick up, we'll be 
able to maintain the overall growth. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Aditya, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. We shall 
take the next question. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus 
Securities. 
Harshit Patel: 
My first question was on HTT-40. You mentioned that we will be starting the deliveries from 
September 2024, what will the delivery schedule look like? How many units we are planning 
for FY '25? And then what would be the schedule from FY '26? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Sorry, if I have told it is September 24, it is not September 24, it is September 25 because we 
have concluded the contract in last year, it is T0 plus 24 months. Hence, it will start commencing 
from September 25 and an average delivery of almost 20 air crafts. The peak rate of delivery 
will be at 20, we will start with the 12 and then 16 and then 20. But there again, we are trying to 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
expedite the delivery schedule to make at around 20 from the second year onwards, so that we 
could get the contract concluded earlier because we are expecting another 36 numbers to come 
from and also some potential for exports also is there. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my second question is on the engine orders. You mentioned that we will be 
receiving the orders for AL-31FP and RD-33 in financial year '24. Sir, now here, what will be 
the execution schedule as to -- will this also follow T plus 24 T plus 36 kind of time line or they 
will immediately start the production? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
We are planning to start immediately, the production is to commence immediately. In fact, 
already, we are also concluding our contract negotiations with the Russian suppliers, so that we 
will not be waiting for these orders to get concluded and start. We are working out with the 
vendors. So we are confident that we will be able to start delivering from '24, '25 onwards, both 
these engines RD-33. And in fact, RD-33, we are also planning in the current financial year the 
moment contract is concluded, we will start delivering the numbers. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Harshit, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Philip Capital. 
Umesh Raut: 
Sir, my first question pertains to one of the major prospects that we have in the form of LCA 
Mk-2, where as per the -- some of the media sources, now we are facing the challenge of signing 
TOT contracts or supply of engine GE's F414. So I want to know what is exactly the status for 
development of LCA Mk-2? And would this TOT delay will hamper development time line for 
LCA Mk-2? 
E. P. Jayadeva : 
The LCA Mk-2 all the parts is almost completed. And shortly, we want to launch the prototype 
production at HAL. Regarding the engine production also, we are the production agency for GE 
414 earlier also our engine division in Bangalore has been identified as a production agency. 
Recently, we have given our willingness to be part of this also and reinforced our willingness to 
ADA. So ADA is taking up with GE and the U.S. government to see that the TOT is given to 
the full extent. After that, we are expecting the contract to be concluded once the ADA receives 
CCS sanction in full form. 
Umesh Raut: 
But sir, do you see any major challenge in signing TOT with GE? 
E. P. Jayadeva : 
No, we're not having any problem with the TOT with the GE. We'll be manufacturing the engine 
at HAL. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
In fact, just to add to that, today, the sort of our strategies with all our suppliers, including the 
engine manufacturers is quite clear, if at all, they have to do business in India, they will have to 
have the TOT and the manufacturing facility established within the country. So we are working 
with all our OEMs towards that, and we are confident that, that will happen. And because they 
also have understood that once if they have to do business with India and with HAL, they will 
have to have the facilities established in the country. So we will be able to negotiate to our 
requirements of having the full TOT getting done within India. 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. My second question is related to the bookkeeping. So we have booked about INR770 
crores of HTT-40 development revenue in this quarter, but I believe there is no cost to this -- 
which is booked above -- or before EBITDA, while we have booked about INR600 crores of 
amortization only. So is that assumption correct? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes, your assumption is correct because it is all related to design and development and especially 
the intangible assets, which we had it in our books -- unamortized portion. And the moment we 
got sanction, we have also recognized it as part of revenue and also released it as part of our 
amortization, removing it from the intangible assets from the balance sheet. So you are correct. 
Is it clear? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Umesh, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Hardik Jain from ISJ Private Securities. 
Hardik Jain: 
All my questions are answered. So yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead.  
Jonas Bhutta: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, just a bookkeeping question. Firstly, can you give 
us the quantity of aircraft and helicopters produced in the current year FY '23? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
We have produced 7 numbers of ALH, 2 numbers of LCA. And AL-31FP some 6 numbers, 
Light Combat Helicopters are 8 numbers, Dornier 2 numbers. These are the platforms which we 
have manufactured in the last financial year. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And deliveries would be -- out of these deliveries would be how much, sir? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
These are all delivered. As per Q4FY23, we call it the documentation for delivery, it has all been 
delivered. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And for FY '24, you said you will manufacture 2 Mark-1A in terms of Tejas, but I thought there 
are trainers of the earlier version Mark-1 trainers are still less, so... 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So total deliveries of Tejas this year would be how much? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
We are expecting a minimum of 6 plus 2, 8 numbers to be delivered in the current financial year 
as far as the LCA trainers are concerned. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it. Got it. And my final question was, sir, in terms of while it's appreciated that we've 
launched the third line with -- in Nasik also for LCA. So if you can tell us the man-hour rates 
that were -- man hour requirements from the first plane to the 83rd plain, what kind of reductions 
we've assumed roughly that will help. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
For Nasik division, the productivity levels will be definitely as good as the Bangalore based 
division, the LCA division and aircraft division. So we have factored all of those things in our 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
contract when we had finalized it to take the average hours. The average hours which has been 
now considered for the contract purposes, we'll continue to be in the Nasik division as well since 
the productivity level remains more or less the same and the labor cost, we will try to maintain. 
E. P. Jayadeva: 
And we have achieved most of the learning from IOC and FOC are all 48 -- 32 aircraft fighters 
we have produced. So most of the learnings we are achieved. And in Mark-1A its only new 
systems -- 4 new systems are there. So not much of a scope for learning now. Of course, we'll 
have to do. At Nasik a little bit learning will be there. But in Bangalore, all the people are 
convergent with all the production activities. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jonas, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, given the current order book and so many orders are in pipeline and the delivery you're 
talking about. What kind of growth one could we expect from our company over the next 2, 3 
years? If I look at last year, we grew only by 9%. And if I look last from FY '19 onwards, we 
are hardly grown by 4%, 5% CAGR. So if I could look for next 3 years, what kind of growth 
one should expect from the company? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
See, from '19, I mean, the last 4 years, the average CAGR has been at around 7.7%. So the 
growth has not been at 4%. I do not know how it has been computed at 4%, we have been 
growing at a rate of almost 7% in the last 4 to 5 years. That apart, it is not something which we 
have not indicated even in the last years, we have been maintaining that in FY '23 and FY '24, 
the growth will be at single-digit growth of 7% to 8%. In fact, last year at 9%, we have improved 
our guidance and had grown at an extra percentage point to 9%. 
And the current financial year also, we have been maintaining that it will be a single-digit growth 
only, and it will be at around the 9% is what we have achieved, but we are inching towards the 
double-digit growth, which we have promised to be there from FY '25 onwards. And we expect 
the -- from FY '25, it will be a double-digit growth. And after that, we expect the growth at 
around 12% to 13% and then stabilize at around 14% to 15%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Mahesh, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up 
questions. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
Congratulations on good numbers. I have one question. Since FY '24, you're guiding around 
13%, 14% growth, is it fair to assume even the margin -- net margin would be in a range of 
double digits? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
FY '25, we have been maintaining it will be a double-digit growth, but it will be somewhere 
around 10% to 11%/. Beyond FY '25, we will be improving the double-digit margins to 12%. 
And then subsequently, we expect it to get stabilized at 15%. As far as the profitability is 
concerned, as you are aware, we have been governed by a profit policy and all the improved 
profitable margins, which we are getting is because of improved efficiencies which we are trying 
to operate at with more of -- I mean, improving the productivity and also through outsourcing 
and other involving more private industry. 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So this would mean that our operating profit in today's scenario is somewhere around 17% to 
18% which is a quite healthy percentage for an industry like us, and we are more or less around 
that, maybe we may be marginally improving year-on-year. But definitely, it will not be any 
substantial increase will be there as far as the operating profit growth is concerned. It will be 
hovering somewhere around 18%, 19%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek N from Shanti. Please go ahead.  
Vivek N: 
Yes. Thank you. My question is again around the growth of HAL. We have been stable and 
growing gradually. But given that the amount of orders that are there from the government, there 
are so many in different areas and almost a monopolistic kind of supplying that we are doing. 
Do you see in the next 2, 3 years, there will be a drastic increase in the top line at least for HAL, 
and it will then settle at -- because we are just 3 billion, which is the top line. And if you see the 
top 5 manufacturers in the U.S. because these are the largest firms, they contribute to 350 billion 
annually. And HAL being the top provider of these solutions in the country. Do you think there 
will be a drastic improvement in the top line and therefore, such a number revenue. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
So considering all the factors which are favorable to HAL and the order book pipeline, we have 
projected the double-digit growth from '25 onwards and then subsequently to improve the 
double-digit growth, which will settle somewhere around 15%. But this growth has been with 
all the factors which we have been just mentioning like a very robust order book position with 
very clear visibility and also being -- HAL being a major player in the industry and with so much 
of design and development projects on the unveil. So all this would mean that we will definitely 
have a good order book position, but the execution time line is also there. And with the execution 
time line, which we envisage, the growth of around 14% to 15% should be good enough for 
HAL at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirom Kapur from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead.  
Shirom Kapur: 
I just wanted to understand the INR48,000 crores order pipeline that you mentioned for FY '24, 
you said the AL-31 engines will be about INR26,000 crores, the 240 numbers. For the remaining 
orders in the pipeline, like FP RD-33 engines and you have 25 ALH, 12 LUH, 12 Su-30 and 9 
Coast helicopters. Could you give the breakup of what the potential order of values would be to 
each of them? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes. INR48,000 crores basically major contracts, as we have indicated, it is the 240 number AL-
31-FP, which is around INR26,000 crores. RD-33 is again some 80 numbers, which is expected 
to be around INR4,500 crores and 25 advanced light helicopter Dhruv grew should be around 
INR3,500 crores. And similarly, the light utility helicopters of 12 numbers should be in the range 
of almost INR2,500 crores. And of course, that additional SU-30 is what we are envisaging 
additional another 12 numbers, if it also materializes, that will give us an additional order of 
almost INR12,000 crores. So all this would make up for INR48,000 crores, which we expected 
to realize in the current financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhineet from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Abhineet: 
Yes. I mean the prospect that you talked about for the next 2, 3 years, I think one was in terms 
of LCH, which was INR45,000 crores. The others were NUH -- Naval Helicopter and others, if 
you can just quantify what could be those in terms of planning? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
See, we have got AON approved that is an acceptance of necessity approved, other than what 
the projects which I have just now indicated as the anticipated contract and which we'll get to 
conclude in the current financial year, I'm leaving out of those things. Other than that, the AON 
approved projects for which the negotiations is yet to commence or rather the RFP is yet to be 
given. It's on this ALH coast guard of 9 numbers for which AON has been approved. Now the 
RFP will get floated, and we will be submitting our quote. 
Similarly, the UHM that is a supply contract of 60 numbers, which will happen after the sanction 
for development comes through and once we start developing the aircraft, then the supply 
contract should come, that is another INR20,000 crores. So similarly, the PBL contract for 
UHM, which we will be supplying is another INR13,000 crores. So the visibility where the AON 
that is the acceptance of necessity has been approved, where there is certainty of orders to HAL 
is around INR36,000 crores. So this process will start any time in this current financial year and 
will get concluded in the next 2 to 3 years' time line. 
And similarly, further where AON has not been approved, that is where visibility is there, where 
we are confident of getting the order, but where the AON is still to be approved is towards light 
combat helicopter Prachand SP contract, where 145 numbers we are indicating. Similarly, the 
light utility helicopter another 175 numbers is what we estimate. Then the trainer HTT-40 for 
which we have received 70, 36 additional we are likely to get. Of course, Dornier Navy and the 
Dornier IAF upgrades, that is, again, an upgrade program for which an almost 60 numbers is 
expected. 
So this broadly would mean that the AON's which has not been approved also for which visibility 
is there is another INR65,000 crores. So INR36,000 crores for already AON approved and 
INR65,000 crores is what, in our opinion, we will get the AON's approved, which will happen 
in the next 2 to 5 years' timeframe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead.  
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Congratulations for good numbers. Just one question. In the ROH, if you could give the revenue 
breakup of SU-30 and the engines, that will be very helpful. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
You are talking about the last financial year, that is FY '23. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Yes. FY '23 as well as FY '22, it will be very helpful. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
FY '23, in ROH, as I've already indicated, some 20 numbers of Sukhoi and 76 numbers of AL-
31FP engine, that is Sukhoi engine. Apart from the rotables, and repair overhaul and around 30 
numbers of ALH. So this is the platform for the repair and overhaul for FY '23. This number 
was for FY '22 is somewhere around 80 numbers, and Sukhoi overhaul was around 20 numbers. 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Bhinde from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Bhinde: 
My question is one on the margin outlook as your manufacturing deliveries start from F '25 
onwards. That's one. Second, provisioning we had been aiming to keep it around 7%, but in 
quarter 4 as well, it has been high. So how should we look at it going forward? And third, is 
there any other tax refund amount that's pending in dispute since 2016 till date? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
As far as the tax amount is concerned, more or less everything has been concluded. I mean all 
the disputes have been settled. So there is nothing left out now. We have received the last refund 
sanction in the last quarter, that is January- March '23. So we don't have anything pending left 
with the department. So there will not be any further settlement of dispute as far as the IT 
department is concerned, income tax is concerned. Then on the... 
Amit Bhinde: 
Provisions. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Provisions, yes, 7% is what we are trying to maintain, but we are also trying to be as conservative 
as possible. The provisions which we have created in the current financial year is all towards, 
certain loan items which we have got from the Indian Airforce, we have created a provision 
because once we start supplying it, we'll have to give it back to them. 
So we have created a provision for that. And again, replacement and other charges also we have 
created some provision. So all of this depends on actual incurrence of expenditure, this could be 
the maximum provision which we have created to see that it is on a conservative basis, and there 
will not be any further impact on the profitability.  
But as we could see, this expenditure as and when it is incurred, we expect that there could be 
some savings on these provisions as well and which could come back as an income. So we expect 
that the provisions to be substantially reduced in the current financial year, considering the net 
impact of the withdrawal of provisions, which is expected to happen in the current financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead.  
Harshit Patel: 
Just wanted to get an idea as to what MiG-21 would contribute towards our overall ROH 
revenues? Because I think now that we are going to phase them out in next few years, I think 
that part of the revenues would go away from the ROH sale, would that understanding be right? 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
No. I mean we are not -- there is no MiG-21 overhaul at all as far as HAL is concerned. It is not 
forming part of our revenue stream at all. So we will not have any impact on the MiG-21, except 
for the engine R-25 engines we have been doing. In the last financial year, it did not make an 
impact in the FY '22, '23 itself, because that was not contributing a major revenue stream. So 
this MiG-21 is not having any major impact as far as HAL is concerned, it is hardly INR100 
crores, which we are doing and doesn't make a real impact on us, the engines part of it alone. 
And no aircraft repair and overhaul at all. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, this was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Harshit Kapadia for closing comments. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Kelvin. We would like to thank Shri. C.B. Ananthakrishnan Director (Finance), CFO 
with an additional charge of CMD; Shri. Jayadeva  E P, Director (Operations) with additional 
Charge of Director (HR), for to bring this opportunity to host this call. We would also thank all 
investors and analysts for joining for this call. Any closing remarks you want to share with 
investors and analysts, sir. 
C.B. Ananthakrishnan: 
Yes. Thank you. We are really thankful for this opportunity and it has really given us also to 
clarify many of the doubts which were there in the minds of the various investors. And we are 
confident that with the sort of growth which we have been showing and with the sort of 
performance which HAL has been consistently been giving in the last 4 to 5 years and with more 
visibility of orders being out there in the pipeline. We are sure that the expectations of all the 
investors will be met. And I'm sure I'm very confident and I can assure that we will be in a 
position to deliver the goods to the investors, and the investors will always feel happy at the end 
of the day for having been associated with HAL. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
