 
 
 
 
CSL/2023-24/151 
9th August,2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 4th August, 2023 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SERI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2023-24/126 dated 25th July, 2023, intimating you about 
the Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call held on 4th August, 2023, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same is available on the website of the company i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited, 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As Above 
 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN 
SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=1330138917160425167M7u
3VjyWA1Zui, 
2.5.4.20=6b4ec8e524e33f51a85e90684a2
83fb7298733d00b4cadaec4b37a8a54114
225, postalCode=380008, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8
837dfa1e1c2da169e5861098ce6b05679d
5c9f6e, cn=HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2023.08.09 19:39:13 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited  
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 04, 2023 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1FY24 earnings conference 
call of Cera Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani of CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Zico. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the 
earnings call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for the Q1FY24 earnings which were 
announced yesterday. We have with us today the management team comprising 
Mr. Ayush Bagla, Executive Director; and Mr. Vikas Kothari, CFO of Cera 
Sanitaryware. We will start with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will open the call for Q&A. A quick disclaimer before we begin. 
Some of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and a detailed note in this regard is contained in the results documents that 
have been shared with all of you earlier. 
I would now turn the call over to Mr. Ayush Bagla for his opening remarks. 
Ayush Bagla: 
Good morning, everyone. The earnings for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, were 
adopted by the Board of Directors yesterday, August 3, 2023. The earnings 
documents have been released to the stock exchanges. 
 
During the quarter, we witnessed encouraging demand for our products as the 
overall replacement demand remained positive. Cera's product and design 
emphasis allows us to focus on the B2C segment where it can truly monetize its 
brand promise. Over the last few years, all efforts have borne fruit to decouple 
Cera's revenue growth from fluctuations in interest rates and housing demand, 
thereby insulating it from real estate demand cyclicality. 
 
Despite the high base of last year, Q1FY24 revenues are higher by 7.94% on a Y-o-Y 
basis. The gross margin increased from 53.70% in Q1FY23 to 54.71% in Q1FY24. 
EBITDA was higher by 38%, as it increased from INR 61 crore to INR 84 crore. EBITDA 
margin increased from 15.4% in Q1FY23 to 19.01% in Q1FY24.  
Our stated objective was to increase annual EBITDA margins by 50 to 70 basis points 
each year. We have surpassed our stated objective, as the increase in the EBITDA 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
margins in FY23 has been more than 100 basis points despite advertising spend in 
the year increasing from INR 32 crore in FY22 to INR 57 crore in FY23. 
 
At present, our manufacturing facility continues to function at high utilization 
levels. During the quarter, the sanitaryware plant capacity utilization was at 100%. 
In faucetware, the capacity utilization was at 106% during Q1FY24.  
The faucetware facility expansion program to take capacity to 4 lakh pieces per 
month is nearing completion and will begin enhanced production from August '23 
in a staggered manner with full production expected by March '24. The cost of the 
project was INR 69 crore, with project management techniques used to crunch 
costs, the completed cost will be close to INR 58 crore. The product mix planned is 
coloured SKUs, quarter turn SKUs, PVD SKUs and a few more SKUs that can be taken 
in from outsourced partners. This will enrich our product mix further. 
 
In Q1FY23, China imports were INR 10 crore or 2.4% of sales. In Q1FY24, China 
imports were INR 5 crore, 1.2% of sales. Cera was already one of the lowest users 
of products made in China, and with availability of manufacturing infrastructure in-
house, the percentage of Chinese imports to sales has been continuously declining. 
In a business which is brand-driven, the fulcrum of success is manufacturing quality, 
plant efficiency and new product-led growth.  
With regard to capacity expansion for manufacturing sanitaryware, a fully 
aggregated land parcel in Gujarat, historically owned by a single owner is in due 
diligence. We expect title documents to be executed and other approvals over the 
next three months. 
 
During Q1FY24, no price hikes were undertaken. Our peer group companies 
increased prices in October - November 2022, while Cera did not. During 2021 and 
2022, three rounds of price hikes were undertaken by Cera, which were all a 
demonstration of pricing power. Currently, we are capitalizing on the market share 
gained over the last two years. Topline increase and margin expansion are the 
current goals in sanitaryware.  
Raw materials, like China clay went up by 18% and feldspar by 3%, while Plaster of 
Paris and glaze went up by 2% and 3% in Q1FY24 as compared to Q1FY23. The zinc 
went down by 35%. In faucetware, brass prices went down by 7% and Zamak went 
down by 31% as compared to Q1FY23. Despite changes in input costs, our 
increasing plant efficiency ensured improved gross margins in Q1FY24 of 54.71% as 
against 53.7% in Q1FY23. 
 
Due to availability of gas from isolated wells near our plant, the pricing of gas from 
GAIL continues to remain below market and will remain so in the future. Average 
gas prices have gone down from INR 35.97 per cubic meter in March 2023 to INR 
29 per cubic meter in June 2023. Normally, GAIL supplies 50% of Cera's gas needs, 
however, in Q1FY24, GAIL provided 77% of the gas requirements of the 
sanitaryware business. Sabarmati, a JV of BPCL and GSPC, pricing went down from 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
INR 58 per cubic meter in March 2023 to INR 46 per cubic meter in June 2023, 
supplying 23% of the gas needs of the plant. The Q1FY24 weighted average cost of 
gas is INR 34, much lower than industry. Gas costs constitute 1.83% of Cera's top 
line. 
 
Our focus on ESG began in 1995 with installation of a wind energy facility. Capacity 
was added gradually, and a solar plant was installed in 2014. During Q1FY24, 94% 
of the energy needs of the two manufacturing facilities were met through in-house 
renewable energy sources.  
The ‘Retailer loyalty program’ was launched by Cera in Q1FY23, which has now 
completed 15 months. More than 15,300 retailers have uploaded 1.85 lakh 
invoices. 
The feedback received from retailers has helped us in understanding the 
consumers' changing demands, geographical segmentation of SKUs, and evolution 
of the rewards program to retailers. Besides standardizing invoices, in Q1FY24 of 
the total retail sales of INR 245 crore, more than INR 73 crore, which is 30% of retail 
sales in sanitaryware and faucetware have become eligible to receive rewards 
through this program.  
After the success of the loyalty program, a similar program was launched for 
plumbers across India. Cera has been conducting training workshops for many years 
now, imparting installation and product knowledge to plumbers. A new program, 
where rewards are provided to plumbers who recommend and facilitate the sale of 
Cera products is now active. The program communications include program posters 
at retailers and dealer counters, and a mix of communication channels, which 
include SMS, phone calls, program creatives and in-person meetings by sales and 
marketing teams. 
 
New product introduction is one of the important growth levers for Cera. During 
FY22, 72 new products were launched. The average number of products launched 
historically used to be below 100. During FY23, 699 new products were launched. 
With the sharp pickup in new design and products launches in the last two years, a 
considerable amount of resources have been deployed at the manufacturing level, 
and at the customer experience level. During Q1FY24, substantial efforts have been 
made to ensure the products launched in the last 24 months penetrate deeper into 
the dealer network and in consumer buying decisions. This is very similar to the 
route adopted by most FMCG companies.  
Our highest ever advertising spends was in FY23 of INR 57 crore at 3% of sales. The 
budgeted publicity spends for FY24 is expected to be INR 65 crore, at similar 
percentage of sales. Cera's share of voice was lower than its share of market, and 
with the increase in advertising expense, the share of voice is getting closer to its 
share of market. Publicity spends, which were INR 11.75 crore in Q1FY23, are now 
INR 11.02 crore in Q1FY24.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Population centres of 17 lakhs and above, which are Tier 1 cities, constitute 33% of 
sales. Population centres of 3 lakhs to 17 lakhs are Tier 2 cities, with 22% of sales. 
Centres with population below 3 lakhs are Tier 3 cities with 45% of sales. 
 
We can go over the financials:  
Revenue from operations in Q1FY24 were INR 427 crore versus INR 396 crore in Q1 
FY23, an increase of 8%. EBITDA, excluding other income, was INR 68 crore in Q1FY 
24 versus INR 61 crore in Q1FY23, an increase of 11%. The gross margin was at 
54.71% in Q1FY24, against 53.7% in Q1FY23. Profit after tax was INR 56 crore in Q1 
FY24 versus INR 40 crore in Q1FY23, an increase of 40% Y-o-Y. EPS for Q1 for FY24 
was INR 43.35 versus INR 30.47 in Q1FY23. 
 
For Q1FY24, 53% of the topline was from sanitaryware, 35% from faucetware, tiles 
represented 11% and wellness 1%. On a Y-o-Y basis, sanitaryware revenues 
registered an increase of 7% faucetware revenues increased by 8%, tiles increased 
by 11%, and wellness increased by 22%. The sanitaryware and faucetware verticals 
remain the bedrock of business with contribution of 88% to our overall revenues.  
The classification of overall sales in Q1FY24 was 45% in the premium category, 31% 
in the mid-category, and 24% in the entry category. 
 
Inventory days in Q1FY24 were 74 days compared to 73 days in Q1FY23. Receivable 
days in Q1FY24 were 28 days versus 26 days in Q1FY23. Payable days in Q1FY24 
were 30 days against 39 days in Q1 of FY23. Therefore, net working capital days in 
Q1FY24 was 72 days versus 60 days in Q1 of FY23. In this quarter, the availability of 
product ensured there was no element of lost sales.  
This is the ninth straight quarter with no element of lost sales. In the current year, 
the capex budget, other than the brownfield faucetware expansion and the 
proposed Greenfield sanitaryware expansion program is at INR 35 crore, of which 
INR 5 crore were spent in Q1FY24. 
 
As on June 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 755 crore against 
INR 566 crore as on June 30, 2022, registering an increase of INR 189 crore or 33%. 
Positive cash flow for Q1FY24 has been INR 54 crore as compared to INR 48 crore 
Y-o-Y. 
 
In conclusion, I would like to say that due to the combination of internal factors, 
product throughput maximization, brand salience, design differentiation, as well as 
the macros of home improvement, Cera would be able to monetize all the growth 
drivers that present themselves. 
 
I would now request the moderator to open-up the lines for Q&A. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Archana Gude: 
I have 2-3 questions. Sir, in the opening remarks you said that 699 new products 
were introduced and now the efforts will be on getting the deeper penetration of 
the products. So, can you help us understand if we should expect a similar trajectory 
of these new products for coming years? And also, is it possible to give some colour 
in terms of the new products launched by our key competitors? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Normally, we would launch between 75 to 100 products every year. Last year, we 
launched 699, so 700 products were launched last year. Now, making 700 products 
part of the consumer psyche, then part of dealer displays, dealer promotions and 
manufacturing those 700 new designs with completely different functionality and 
on design aesthetics is a whole mammoth exercise that is currently going on. So, 
this will occupy, I think, all of this year, which is why in this quarter we chose not to 
launch a single product. 
Now in the past, you know that the industry has an average of 10% to 12% of sales 
from new products. That number for Cera has historically been 22% to 24%. Last 
year, in some quarters, it was 36%, in some quarters it was 39%. So, this quarter 
this number is around 29% for Cera. So almost one-third of our revenues are 
revenues which we did not have earlier. So new products are responsible for that. 
And in most cases, you'll find that new products are coming in with higher 
functionality and design aesthetics at higher price points. 
So whatever margin movement you're seeing is all because of product mix changes 
and that will be the focus for the next medium term for the Company. Keep 
changing the product mix. Now, in any case, our faucetware number of products 
have crossed 1,000 products. And sanitaryware, I can give you the exact number of 
products for both sanitaryware and faucetware. In sanitaryware, we are 572 
products, in faucetware we are 1,584 products. So, keeping this kind of product 
portfolio and there's plenty of opportunities to upsize the consumer to higher price 
points. So that's where the focus is. 
Archana Gude: 
And sir, my second question is what is Cera's role while assisting channel partners 
to build the brand stores, and how many number of brand stores currently we have 
across, like Style Galleries and Hub and Cera Tile centres, etcetera? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, we have 3-4 formats currently. One is a 7,000 to 15,000 square feet Company-
owned format. We have eight of those in large cities and centres where we have 
large sales. Then we have around 1,500 and 1,000 square feet model, which is 
dealer owned and dealer managed where Cera is not really part of the opex or 
capex. We have 184 of those. And then we have a retailer model, some are shop-
in-shops, some are exclusives, some are multi-brands. We have 781. So, the aim is 
to double these 184 and 781 over the next three to four years. And we are also 
toying with various models, hybrid model, then 1,500 square feet and above model. 
There are plenty of models that we are toying with. 
Archana Gude: 
Correct. And sir, lastly, how much expenses should we expect for the 3 Company-
owned Style Studios at Bangalore, Morbi and Chandigarh? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, for the dealer-owned, dealer-managed, there is no capex or opex from Cera, 
nor is it for the retailer-owned, retailer-managed. For the Company-owned, in bulk 
of the cases, the real estate is not bought anymore. It is all leased. So, it is just the 
maintenance costs and, of course, the rental, electricity costs, sales people cost, 
technicians and the rental. So that is all part of the P&L, there is no real capex 
involved. It becomes a are less than INR 1.5 crore, INR 2 crore per store. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Praveen Sahay: 
The first question is related to the growth in the sanitary and the faucetware. This 
quarter we had given a single digit of a growth. So, way forward, also the guidance 
is of 17% to 19%. So next nine months are you expecting higher than 20% of 
growth? And from where actually you are expecting such kind of growth? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, if you look at the Q1 numbers, the growth percentage looks at 8%, but the 
absolute number is still INR 50 crore. Last year's Q1 has had a high base effect 
because it was a 74% increase from FY22. As far as growing 17% to 19% annually, 
we said that from INR 1,440 crore we will become INR 2,900 crore by September 
'25, that goal remains intact, and there might be some seasonality effect in some 
quarters. That is why we do not give out a Q-on-Q guidance or even annual 
guidance. But this year's annual guidance, last year we grew at 25%. This year, even 
if we grow by 20%, it will mean adding INR 360 crore of sales. So, it will all equalize 
at the end. In any case, you will find that Q3 and Q4 are about 60%, 62% of sales 
each year. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. And also in the opening remark, you said about the replacement demand 
were very strong. So how much that contributes to your revenue? And the way 
forward also, you are expecting a very strong growth. And can you give some 
numbers to that as well? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Currently, both the project demand and replacement demand are very, very strong 
and we resist the temptation to take on significant portion of project demand 
because that results in change in the margin profile. So, I can give you some 
numbers as well. Project demand was about 35% of sales and replacement demand 
was about 65% of sales. Now going forward, there is no thinking to really change 
this ratio because that impacts the margin profile. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. So, this is a historically level, 65% is the replacement for you and you wanted 
to continue with this, right sir? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Right. But I'll tell you why this is important. In periods where there is a surge of 
project demand, this ratio can change. But to be able to resist that surge in project 
demand is very difficult, but we do not fall prey to any of those sudden market 
trends. We make sure that, hovers around 60% to 65%. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And can you quantify the numbers for advertisement expense for this quarter and 
last year the same quarter? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
This quarter, FY23 was INR 11.02 crore. Last year was INR 11.74 crore. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And also, can you give the capex for a brownfield and the greenfield for this year 
and next year? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, capex for faucetware, which was earmarked at INR 69 crore is now completed 
at INR 58 crore, and that started in July '22, it will get completed in August '23. In 
addition to that, there is a capex in our current facilities and in customer touch 
points all totalling INR 35 crore for FY24. The breakup of that is sanitaryware 
automation - INR 11 crore, faucetware automation - INR 4 crore, customer touch 
points – INR 8 crore, and land and building in and around the current manufacturing 
facilities of INR 8 crore, logistics and IT – INR 4 crore. In addition to all of these, the 
sanitaryware greenfield plant where the land will cost around INR 25 crore, the 
manufacturing facility, civil work, plant and machinery will cost another INR 105 
crore. So, it will be a INR 130 crore project. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And some part of that will come in this financial year? 
Ayush Bagla: 
The land portion. 
Moderator: 
 Our next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from WhiteOak Capital. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, you were mentioning 780 dealer-owned, dealer-managed and then; sorry 
retailer-owned, retailer-managed and then 180 dealer-owned, dealer-managed, 
and then few Company-owned Company-operated. So, all that adds up to roughly 
1,000. So, the total retail touch points would be more than this, right or there is 
1,000 touchpoints? 
Ayush Bagla: 
No. These are the large format dedicated, where you can see some huge amount 
of Cera branding, large LED displays, dedicated corners, shop-in-shops, that is the 
retailer format. In the dealer, it is in most cases exclusive. So a dealer who is making 
the kind of investment for a 1,000 or 1,500 square feet, in most cases, more than 
95% you will find they are exclusive Cera dealers, and this is a huge working capital 
investment by them as well, because they have to give credits to large and medium-
sized customers. They buy from Cera on cash and carry. So, for them the financial 
commitment, the opex is very, very high. 
A normal dealer who has a 1,500 or 1,000 square feet display area, would be 
servicing anything between 30 to 60 retailers, which we are not even counting, 
because these would be hardware stores and many other types of stores that, I 
mean there is no way for us to keep a track, other than through this retailer loyalty 
program. Our financial transaction ends with the invoicing on the dealer and getting 
paid, which is why this whole retailer loyalty program was launched to begin with. 
We want to understand the pricing relationship between the retailer and the 
dealer, the kind of SKUs that are moving, velocity of sales, all of that. And in our 
model, we want to have the dealer with as close to zero inventory as possible, which 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
is why we had these 19 distributed warehouses across the country with a large 
number of SKUs. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. So, these 184 dealer-owned, dealer-managed, so they have these 
showrooms, as well as they manage the retailer relationship also, like you said, each 
dealer will have 30 to 60 retail touchpoints. So, they do duals, right? 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. And in fact, these dealers have a very large infrastructure of 3-
wheelers, 4-wheelers, own warehouses, sales people, bank lines and dedicated 
customers. They also have the ability to bundle sanitaryware and faucetware with 
many other things, maybe construction, chemicals, plywood, sometimes even 
cement. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
You gave a spend on ad spends. What was spend on loyalty programs last year? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, the loyalty program will be, the annual cost will be below INR 18 crore. That was 
the retailer loyalty program. The plumber loyalty program, which has just been 
launched, that cost I think we'll get to know in six to nine months from now, because 
there are lot of tweaks that take place along the way. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. Retailer loyalty program has been running for how many years? 
Ayush Bagla: 
One year. It just completed 15 months. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
One more question. Just to understand, you mentioned lot of SKUs and products 
you have in both facet and sanitaryware, but just to understand the skew. The top 
10, 20 SKUs in, let's say, faucet as well as sanitaryware, they would contribute what 
percentage of that category's revenue? 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, that we analyse, but we do not really give out because that would be sharing 
a lot of data with the peer group. And that list in any case changes very rapidly with 
the introduction of new products. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Okay. But is it fairly fragmented or is it skewed in… 
Ayush Bagla: 
Very fragmented. In fact, consumer demand is such, for similar looking SKUs, higher 
priced SKUs are moving faster. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, firstly, could you give a split of what is our outsourced and in-house 
manufacturing for this quarter, for both sanitary and faucet? 
Ayush Bagla: 
For sanitaryware, for this quarter, outsourcing constituted 59% of sales. 
Manufacturing at our own plant was 41% of sales. For faucetware it was 50 and 50, 
50% - outsourcing and 50% own manufacturing. If you want to compare that to the 
whole year last year FY23, in sanitaryware outsourcing was also 59% of sales and 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
own manufacturing, 41%. In faucetware, outsourcing was 52% of sales, own 
manufacturing 48%. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir secondly, when we look at the new sanitaryware plant, if we are able to 
complete the land acquisition in this fiscal. By when can we expect the plant to start 
commercial and what is the capacity size that you all have in mind for as of now? 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, the expectation is the land formalities could be completed sometime in Q2 or 
Q3. And then that will set the zero date, and initial production will be 18 months 
from zero date. The full production will be 24 months from zero date. There is no 
point discussing a rated capacity of, even if I say it's a rated capacity of 12 lakh units 
per year, it does not mean anything because that number will change dramatically 
depending on the kind of SKU (inaudible).  
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay. But do we expect a similar 3.5 to 4 times asset turn for the said capacity? 
Ayush Bagla: 
I'll just give you the exact number. Based on the current estimates, the new 
sanitaryware plant at a cost of, let's say, INR 130 crore will have asset turns of close 
to 2.5 times. And the faucetware plant at a cost of, at INR 69 crore the asset turns 
were 3.5 times. Now that we've completed at INR 58 crore, the asset times will 
increase further. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay. So, sir, just lastly this new sanitaryware plant, though it is in proximity to our 
current land, but there we will not get the gas advantage that we are getting from 
GAIL right?  
Ayush Bagla: 
But there are many other options that are being looked at besides the typical 
natural gas. And gas, in any case, is now a very small portion of manufacturing costs. 
As we are upsizing our SKUs and going higher in the value chain, these individual 
RM costs are declining in percentage. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Omkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. 
Omkar Ghugardare: 
Yes. In the commentary you mentioned that the premium category constitutes 
around 45%, right? 
Ayush Bagla: 
That’s right. So, I’ll give you the exact number and I’ll split it up for sanitaryware and 
faucetware. For the Company as a whole, the premium category is 45%, mid 
category is 31% and entry 24%. When you split that up in sanitaryware, the number 
is premium 59% mid 18% and entry 23%. And faucetware is premium 25%, mid 49% 
and entry 26%.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of from Aasim from DAM Capital Advisors. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Just one question on future growth. Of the 17% to 19% expectation in the near 
term, rather the next 2 years, fair to say that faucetware should be the key driver 
for growth since sanitaryware is running at full utilization and you have been 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
moving up the value chain in-house for a while. So sanitaryware growth would be 
flat line or be sub-10% in the near term? 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, manufacturing capacity is not the best determinant of topline growth, simply 
because the products that are made in-house, that list changes dynamically, and 
products that are given to outsourced partners also change dynamically. So, 
availability of capacity from outsourced partners is always there for low-end 
products. And we provide a lot of training and QC to our outsourced partners. 
Depending on that, that list can be modified. So, whether the plant at one point, 
you know last quarter and the quarter before that was running at 115% as well. 
Currently, it's running at 100%, but there is enough flexibility to change the product 
mix within the plant. So manufacturing is not a constraint, which is why we've been 
sharing with each other that the optimum inventory level has to be maintained in 
a distributed manner. So, we have distributed our availability of products across the 
country, which is why this 70-plus days of inventory is the correct number. So, this 
is the ninth straight quarter with zero loss of sales of any SKU with full availability. 
So, I take your point, faucetware will grow much faster because the faucetware 
industry is double the size of the sanitaryware industry. And the theme of 
unorganized to organized has not fully played out in the faucetware business. Only 
half the INR 11,000 crore or INR 12,000 crore market is currently organized. So that 
theme is also playing out at a very rapid pace. So, the percentage growth in 
faucetware will be higher than sanitaryware, but it's still 33% of our business versus 
52%, 53% being sanitaryware. So, it has some catching up to do. And sanitaryware 
will also be growing at the same time. 
Aasim Bharde: 
But any hint of a number for sanitaryware growth, I'm sure everyone appreciates 
what you've done despite utilization being peak for quite a while in terms of growth. 
I just want to know how much more can the growth be strong enough before your 
new capacity actually hits in. 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, adding that 17% to 19% growth when we said that 2 years ago, it seemed like a 
difficult task to most people who know the Company, but we delivered in the last 2 
years. Even this year, it is possible. Adding 17% to 19% will be INR 340 crore to INR 
350 crore of sales. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Sure. Got it. And just last question, any comments on the tiles business growth, 
even though it's a smaller business now, how would that grow from here on? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, tile is now a fully outsourced business with no real assets on our books, other 
than maybe some receivables. We are operating almost at a zero-inventory model. 
It is now 10.5% of sales. This quarter the number was INR 44 crore. For FY23, the 
entire number was INR 190 crore. So, I mean, it's an independent business and we 
view it only as a complementary business to sanitaryware and faucetware as a 
trading business. So, it has its own P&L etcetera and so on, its own sales channels, 
which are sometimes different from sanitaryware and faucetware. So, there is no 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
real emphasis to grow that business given that there is such a significant overhang 
of overcapacity in that industry and your prices sometimes soften.  
But one more thing I just wanted to highlight about tiles. Our soluble salt tiles which 
was a fully commoditized business is now only 4% of sales, and GVT, which is the 
industry standard and also the most profitable portion of the business, has grown 
by 29% over last year. Then double-charge, full-body, which is also a very profitable 
tile segment, has grown by 41%. So, the emphasis is to go upsizing again in design, 
in slabs and in full-body and in GVT, rather than the soluble salt or wall tiles which 
are more commoditized and more pricing-driven. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Akash Shah from UTI Mutual Fund.  
Akash Shah: 
I do not know whether my data is correct, but actually brass prices have corrected 
by about 5% on a year-on-year basis or let's say, 9% on a Q-o-Q basis. So, any 
thoughts, are we planning to increase discounts or let's say, how is the competition 
behaving? 
Ayush Bagla: 
So, I'll just give you some colour on all raw materials. On a Y-o-Y basis, brass has 
gone down by 7% and Zamak, which is another key raw material ingredient in the 
handles of single lever faucets, has gone down by 31%, but pricing at the MRP level 
or at the dealer lending level has not changed. So, you will find in our history that 
there's never really been an instance where MRPs or dealer landings change. 
Sometimes when there are slow-moving items, there are combo offers with 
sanitaryware or with other slow-moving items and fast-moving items to liquidate 
the stock, that's about it. But at the same time, in sanitaryware, bulk of the raw 
materials have moved up. So, China clay, which is a key raw material, has moved up 
18%, feldspar 3%, colour and glazed 2% and 3%, zinc which is one of the very small 
constituents of RM, has moved down 35%. So, in the basket of both, you will find 
sanitaryware and faucetware are sold together most of the time. In the basket of 
both, there has not been any meaningful or material change. 
Akash Shah: 
Sure. So, we are not sort of increasing discounts? I mean, we are broadly keeping 
the prices? 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, increasing discount for a brand like Cera is never really an option, because the 
brand is so strong, and increasing discount is a desperate attempt by newer 
entrants in the business. Those increased discounts may or may not reach the 
ultimate consumers. So here, in this Company, we would like to talk to the ultimate 
consumer, which is why you're also seeing many companies which operated behind 
the wall in the pipes or PVC pipes business, have not really been successful in 
sanitaryware and faucetware, because they're talking to civil contractors, civil 
engineers and plumbers, whereas Cera would speak to the consumers directly. It's 
a completely different business model. 
Akash Shah: 
Right. And my second question is, so in faucet, now that we have commenced the 
brownfield capacity, I mean, do you think that we will see a significant decline in 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
outsourcing and there will be significant increase in own manufacturing in 
faucetware business? 
Ayush Bagla: 
There might be a slight decline in outsourcing, but we expect sales to pick-up in a 
manner that the ratio may or may not change, and it's not really anything that 
makes a difference to profitability. We will continue to outsource lower-end 
products. So, 1.25 lakh pieces of lower-end products, which were outsourced, we 
do not expect to make those in-house because they really do not complement our 
skill set and technologies. 
Akash Shah: 
So, do you foresee enough demand that we will be able to ramp-up capacity very 
soon or do you see that the ramp-up of the capacity will take some time? 
Ayush Bagla: 
To give you an example, we were producing 1.5 lakh units faucetware in our facility 
till September '21. Now we are at 3 lakhs. That 3 lakhs is now fully absorbed. 
Similarly, 3 lakhs is going to 4 lakhs. That 4 lakhs will get absorbed with no changes 
to that 1.25 lakh outsourcing number. And these are all that pink, gold, then black 
matte, which is all sought-after by the new consumer. So, these PVD SKUs, yellow 
gold, pink gold. The pricing is much higher than the typical chrome products, but 
their demand is also much higher. So, we are addressing a completely different 
market now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Omkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. 
Omkar Ghugardare: 
My question was regarding the 45% premium category which you mentioned in the 
commentary, I just wanted to know how has been the trend for this in the last three, 
four years? From what percentage it has moved to 45% and what will be the trend 
you assume for that? 
Ayush Bagla: 
We can of course, make a trend chart and share it with all shareholders and 
investors and analysts. But this number has been increasing for 2, 3 reasons. First 
of all, bulk of the new product introductions have been at the mid and premium 
end of the business, at higher price points, and with higher degree of design 
difficulty. Now that is one of the barriers to entry. So, for a brand like Cera, higher 
design, aesthetics and design difficulty provides higher realization. So that's 
something that is exclusive to us. If you look at our catalogue, it's on the website. 
You will find a lot of new designs in faucetware, sanitaryware. In sanitaryware, you'll 
find a lot of non-cavity-based straight-line products, whether it's floor-standing 
WCs or wall-hung WCs or thin-rim sinks. These are the products that are selling well 
at dramatically higher price points. So right from engineering, R&D and 
manufacturing, then educating the sales force, dealers, how to push, how to explain 
the benefits to the consumer is a whole new process which is why you're seeing the 
increase in share of premium products. 
Omkar Ghugardare: 
Okay. Can you just quantify in terms of number for this, just a ballpark number, not 
exactly… 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
That I'll have to make for the last few years, and then I'll have to share it with 
everybody, so that everyone has access to the same information. 
Omkar Ghugardare: 
Okay. But the trend has been rising and you would see that continuing, right? 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. 
Omkar Ghugardare: 
Okay. The second question is on the pricing front. As you mentioned there was no 
price hike, but the competition increased the price. So, this is because you earlier 
had a price hike, at that time they did not hike the price or what was it like? 
Ayush Bagla: 
I'll give you some background on our price mix. Our last price hike was in May 2022 
of 3% in sanitaryware and 5% in faucetware. Before that was November '21, also a 
gap of about eight months, 10% in sanitaryware, 5.5% in faucetware. So, you are 
seeing that our price hikes are lower than inflation. At the same time, the margins 
are moving up, topline is moving up, because our plant efficiency is making up for 
any increase in inflation which includes RM inflation, wage inflation, electricity or 
gas costs. So, I cannot comment about other competitors and their manufacturing 
efficiency, but like I've been saying number of times, the fulcrum of this business is 
manufacturing efficiency. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL Securities. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
So, Ayush, I had two questions. So, one is on the 17% to 19% revenue growth 
guidance. Now what is the price growth assumption that you are taking or is it 
entirely due to value mix and volume growth? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Last year it was entirely mix change, because the last price hike was negligible of 
3% in sanitaryware in May 2022. This year, we have gone through almost 15 months 
with no change in price. So, I mean, I would not like to speculate about the future 
and the pricing decisions that are taken by the sales and marketing team going 
forward, but it's best to assume that this 17% to 19% will be half mix and volume 
and half inflation led. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
And you mentioned in one of the previous questions, answer to a previous question 
that the new entrants have not been so successful because of their focus on B2B. 
So, is it fair to conclude that the competitive intensity has not at all changed on 
ground, especially considering that you have 35% demand coming from project 
business also or is it limited to some specific segments or SKUs? So, could you give 
some colour on that? 
Ayush Bagla: 
See, the competitive intensity between the 4, 5 large players has been very high 
across the last, let's say, 15, 20 years, that has not changed. But newer entrants 
who may have been successful in other businesses, they have found this industry 
very difficult, because the consumer who is installing a product worth 10,000 or 
15,000 and the consumer is going to use it for the next 10 years, does not want to 
experiment with brands. That is why there is a huge element of repeat businesses 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
in sanitaryware and faucetware. And at the same time, if any Company comes from 
a B2B orientation, they cannot succeed in this business. So, in that respect, it is not 
really a buildings material business, more a FMCG business where you're speaking 
directly to the consumer and explaining the design and other differentiation of your 
product. That is the only thing that will sell. 
 
Second thing is warranties. You see, in faucetware why did Cera suddenly become 
in less than 10 years, the second-largest player. Because we started offering a 15-
year warranty. No one else was able to pierce a 10-year warranty for a faucet. This 
is a 15-year full replacement warranty for the main forged brass piece in the faucet. 
And finally, newer companies that come in, they outsource their after-sales service 
to third-party contractors. 
Cera has more than 400 technicians on its own rolls, which visit customers in any 
part of the country within 24 to 48 hours of receiving a call. That is again a huge 
differentiator, because our technicians are, their KRAs are totally linked to 
customer satisfaction, whereas a third-party contractor is more inclined to try and 
sell some spares or charge for the visit, thereby leaving behind a more disgruntled 
customer. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anil from SMIFS Ltd. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
I have just one question. In FY23 annual report, I saw a bad debt of INR 5.5 crore. 
Can you please tell us, I mean, what was it on account of? 
Ayush Bagla: 
This is in the normal course of business; we just take a hit of any kind of receivables 
beyond a certain date. So, any receivables where the dealer has not been 
cooperating or the field staff gives us feedback that there's not going to be repeat 
business and whatever outstanding that remains should be written-off, we take a 
write-off. And even our auditors have defined certain parameters. So based on that, 
and you saw the numbers last year, on INR 1,800 crore, a INR 5 crore write-off on 
receivables happening is very negligible number, first. Second, we have the lowest 
receivable days in the industry and the highest percentage of cash and carry sales. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
It was not there year before. That's why I was wondering. So, this must be 
something to do with project business, right, because the retail anyway will be cash 
and carry, right? 
Ayush Bagla: 
The retail delinquencies are on the dealers; they are not really related to the 
Company. Only dealer delinquencies are on the Company. And for the portion that 
is not cash and carry. But individual accounts would be INR 1 lakh, INR 2 lakh, INR 3 
lakh. So, within the INR 5 crore if you see the composition, no single number would 
be more than a couple of lakhs. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
And secondly, you retain your target, right, INR 2,900 crore by September '25? 
Ayush Bagla: 
That's right. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Lalit Kumar from LKR Advisors. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Ayush, what is the faucetware market share which we have currently? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Again, giving a number is very speculative because there is no third-party 
authenticated report, but we are the second largest player after the market leader, 
and our market share is in double digits and our share of incremental market share 
is 1.5 times our current market share, because we are capturing a significant portion 
of the growth of the faucet market. So just for illustration purposes, if our market 
share is 10%, 11%, our incremental market share would be 16%, 17%. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Got it. And what's the cash balance and inventory days you had mentioned, 
currently? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Your voice was a little muffled. 
Lalit Kumar: 
What's the cash balance and inventory days you had mentioned? 
Ayush Bagla: 
Right, I'll give you that numbers. Inventory days are 74 days, and the cash balance 
increased from INR 566 crore to INR 755 crore. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Okay. So, what is the plan. Do we have a much better utilization plan for reduction 
of our working capital days from 72 to 60, given that you are at 100% capacity both 
in sanitaryware and faucet? 
Ayush Bagla: 
The 12-day increase that you’re seeing in working capital days is primarily because 
of the 9-day decrease in payable days. So payable days, many companies have 70 
days and 75 days as payable days. Cera has traditionally have a very low payable 
days because we keep it aligned to our receivable days, which is now between 26 
and 27. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Got it. And on the capex, how much is the internal accruals and how much is going 
to be the debt? 
Ayush Bagla: 
There will be zero debt taken, and, in fact, even this cash balance, all best attempts 
will be not to touch the cash balance, but to finance all capex from that quarter 
operating cash flow. So, this quarter we had INR 58 crore of operating cash flow. I 
mean this year we'll definitely have close to INR 250 crore of operating cash flow, 
which is much more than the capex on any financial year. 
Lalit Kumar: 
And the last question, you had mentioned for this capex the asset turn has been 2.5 
times. So, I think you're giving a conservative project number, given that we are 
already on a blended asset turn of 3.4, 3.5 times? 
Ayush Bagla: 
No. I will give you the exact number. For financial year '22-'23, asset turns were 6 
times. 
Lalit Kumar: 
No, for the capex. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY24 Earnings Call      
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Ayush Bagla: 
Yes. For capex for the faucetware project, at INR 69 crore, the asset turns were 3.5. 
So, at INR 58 crore, that number will be 4 or higher than that. So sanitaryware, we 
are only estimating that based on INR 128 crore asset turns are 2.34 times, but that 
number will dramatically change once we get the final product mix and selling price, 
which is, no point to finalizing a product mix for a plant that is more than 18 months 
away. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ayush Bagla: 
Thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and for 
showing interest in Cera Sanitaryware Limited. Cera remains positive that its strong 
positioning in the industry, improving macros will help it deliver steady and 
consistent growth going forward. Should you feel any further clarification or would 
like to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me or CDR 
India. Thank you once again for taking time to join the call and see you all next 
quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cera Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
