Titan Company Limited 
`INTEGRITY` #193  Veerasandra  Electronics City P.O.  Off Hosur Main Road, Bangalore 560100 India. Tel: 9180 6704 7000 Fax: 9180 6704 6262 
Registered Office 3, Sipcot Industrial Complex  Hosur  635 126  TN  India. Tel-91 4344 664 199 Fax 91 4344 276037, CIN: L74999TZ1984PLC001456 
www.titancompany.in 
 
 SEC 82 / 2023-24 
The General Manager, DCS - 
CRD BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship 
Department 1st Floor, New 
Trading Ring Rotunda Building, P 
J Towers Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500114 
7th August 2023 
The General Manager, DCS - CRD 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
MUMBAI - 400051  
Symbol: TITAN 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform the exchanges that the transcript of 
audio call recording of the Company’s Analyst Call to discuss the Unaudited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended and 30th June 2023 
is attached herewith. This is for your information and records. 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company: www.titancompany.in 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Yours truly,  
For TITAN COMPANY LIMITED 
Dinesh Shetty 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl. As stated 
TIT/\.N 
COMP/\NY 
A TATA Enterp~ise 
DINESH 
SHIVANN
A SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
DINESH SHIVANNA 
SHETTY 
Date: 2023.08.07 
21:50:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
Sensitivity: Internal
 
“Titan Company Limited 
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 2, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
                                     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C. K. VENKATARAMAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
TITAN COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK SONTHALIA – CFO, TITAN COMPANY 
LIMITED 
MR. AJOY CHAWLA – CEO,  JEWELLERY DIVISION 
MS. SUPARNA MITRA – CEO, WATCHES & 
WEARABLES DIVISION 
MR. SAUMEN BHAUMIK – CEO,  EYECARE DIVISION 
MR. MANISH GUPTA – CEO, FRAGRANCES & FASHION 
ACCESSORIES DIVISION 
MR. AMBUJ NARAYAN – CEO, INDIAN DRESSWEAR 
DIVISION 
MR. KURUVILLA MARKOSE – CEO, INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS DIVISION 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Titan Company Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
TIT/\.N 
COMP/\NY 
TIT/\N 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L " 
COM PI\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 2 of 19 
 
assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. C. K. Venkataraman, Managing Director, Titan Company 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
C K Venkataraman: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone. We have just completed our Board meeting for 
the First Quarter FY24 results, and the results have been uploaded for all of you to see, which 
you would have seen. Very satisfied with the quarter's performance. We have achieved the 
growth rates for the Company that we had budgeted. Businesses like Jewellery, International 
jewellery, Smart wearables have done exceedingly well. Businesses like Watches, Analog 
watches and EyeCare have delivered a decent growth. Businesses like the Ethnic wear and our 
Perfumes and Fashion accessories have faced some challenges, but at a quarter level, some of 
these are part of life. Overall, exceedingly satisfied with the sales growth. Competitive 
improvement in terms of market share and virtually every category where we operate, and on 
plan for the profits for the quarter. We have a certain scheduling of the profit and profit growth 
over the 4 quarters of the year leading to a handsome growth by the end of the year. And this is 
determined by events of FY23 across quarters as well as the strategic investments that the 
company needs to make in every business in multiple ways every quarter. 
So these two define the manner in which the profitability moves across the quarters. But as far 
as Q1 is concerned, we're very happy with the sales achievement as well as the profit 
achievement. 
The extent of innovation, customer experience, delivery, operational excellence, all that is 
continuing to play in the typical Titan way in every business, and we're very happy with the 
overall standards of customer satisfaction that we continue to maintain. Multiple stakeholder 
focus that we set to maintain. And the confidence level in every business, all the teams is very, 
very high. I'm looking forward to the other 9 months, 8 months of the year. 
And now I leave you to get in with your questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
I wanted to pick up on the last bit that you said about certain scheduling of profits. Now 
especially in the jewellery segment, given this quarter's jewellery performance, would you need 
to revisit the expectations of 12.5-13% jewellery margins FY24 as the competitive intensity 
necessitates a more aggressive pricing stance? Or was this a part of your scheduling that you 
highlighted? 
C K Venkataraman: 
It's very much a part of the scheduling that I described, Avi. And maybe Ashok can just elaborate 
on it to give you more wholesome picture on this. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
So Avi, Ashok here. Our guidance of 12-13% for jewellery remains. We are pretty much -- and 
that is for full year, not every quarter. And if you also look at history of our performances across 
quarters, there has been evidence of Quarter 1 versus full year number being different. So it is 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 3 of 19 
 
not that something out of the place. Even to -- just to deconstruct that we have always talked 
about that growth on priority with a consistent margin delivery, and that we are pretty confident 
for FY24 as well. 
And I would maybe, again, remind you because that question is likely to come this time that last 
year, we have been talking about certain onetime gains. In Quarter 1, it was 1% last year. We 
have been talking about our pricing competitiveness, actions taken by us, which have been 
playing out in the last year. So Quarter 1 versus Quarter 1, there is a distance and that impact is 
there. Marketing communications have been there and gold exchange program has been there. 
So all these things were very thought through investment, which has been made by the Jewellery 
division and 12-13% is still, in our view, is deliverable, and we maintain that. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect. And just to clarify, the reason why I asked is, while that 13.5% that we did last quarter, 
while we acknowledge that 100 bps one-off, it was the further the steps that resulted in 11% and 
the step that you indicated, one was higher exchange. The other was pricing rationalization, both 
of which seem to be more structural rather than one-off, which is why the question, sir. 
And hence, any clarification on why you believe this is not something that is structural would 
be very useful to appreciate, especially the pricing realization bit. Does it indicate that 
competition is a lot more, and hence, you have to revisit pricing? That is what we wanted to kind 
of better understand. That was the ethos of the question to be frank. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
So while Ajoy can outline his future strategy, but on pricing, but I believe having said that, there 
is no structural change. And that is why I'm referring to you guys to look at even past historical 
performances. Quarter 1 versus full year of jewellery division. This is pretty normal for quarter 
1 to be slightly on the lower side. So we are not reading any structural change in our margin 
profile, but Ajoy can, of course, add to that. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So Avi, Ajoy here. We have chosen to invest in growth as a strategy, and we continue to do so 
very aggressively because we are very clear that the market share gain opportunity is far, far 
higher than worrying about a particular quarter here and there. 
Secondly, we have also gone ahead and invested quite significantly in brand-building efforts 
across multiple brands. And we are wanting to keep that momentum on, because what you start 
doing in a quarter will start bearing fruit in the next quarter or the quarter after that many a times. 
So that's the second piece. 
Exchange is a huge opportunity, and we were seeing that in a market -- see, what happened in 
Quarter 1 also there's a lot of volatility in gold prices and significant high level of gold price, 
which remained for at least 2 months out of the 3 months. 
As a consequence, it was an intentional response to that market situation to solve for the 
consumers' uncertainty. During a wedding season should I buy, not buy, there was a lot of 
confusion for customers. And we said it's better to solve for the customer. And therefore, we 
went keeping the customer in mind, not so much competition in this case. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 4 of 19 
 
Gold rate program in which the way we are managing that is on very smoothly. But it's a 
combination of multiple things that we did to ensure that the customer remains excited and 
comes in and we have seen that play out very well because of buyer growth that we have seen, 
because we were able to pull up wedding growth, because first 1, 1.5, 2 months when the gold 
prices are volatile, people were staying back. 
But in June, they came back. So this exchange plus wedding as a combo has delivered very well. 
I would also add that, yes, certain geographies saw differential performance. Consequence to 
that, there may be some realizations also that might have varied in terms of product mix and 
channel mix. 
So those variables are, there are many of them and they keep playing out. I don't want to confuse 
all of us. But we remain confident about growth, and we are, in fact, seeing good growth even 
now as we speak. So therefore, for us to confidently say 12-13%, which Ashok said, absolutely 
no confusion of that, for the year. 
Avi Mehta: 
That's very clear. And just on the last bit -- taking the last comment, you said good growth 
continuing, which suggests that demand per se is not a concern as we speak. That's the right way 
to kind of read into that comment? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Totally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
So my first question is also on -- amongst your last comments. So you mentioned you expect 
handsome profit growth during the year. Any target which you can share? And is it fair to say 
that earnings growth this year will lag revenue growth considering that there will be margin 
impact from diamond inventory gains, which you saw last year for 3 quarters? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Yes, you are right. I think last year was, in a way, slightly not that normal year from the margin 
point of view. We have been telling that consistently all the 4 quarters. So revenue growth will 
be likely to be better than the earning growth in this financial year. 
Kunal Vora: 
So on the comment on handsome profit growth, I wanted to like get your thoughts on like what 
according to you will be handsome profit growth this year. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
No, no, I think we will not be able to guide you. You know our long-term plan. Let us note that 
what FY27 ambitions are. We are tracking that, and those numbers -- CAGR numbers are there 
on your mind, it would be slightly lower than that. Absolute amount will be certainly much better 
than what we have delivered last year. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. Second is on CaratLane. We've seen a slight moderation in growth from 50% plus levels 
to 30%, close to that. And you've also seen some decline in margins sequentially. Can you share 
your thoughts on growth and margins going forward? 
C K Venkataraman: 
Actually, it's after a very long time that this kind of a slightly lower than our, what we used to 
has happened. And because of that lower growth on the one hand, but continuing investments 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 5 of 19 
 
that we are making in people, assets, and technology that the margin has actually fallen. But it's 
just one quarter. So the prospects for CaratLane are exceptional, and we are committed to sort 
of coming back to that growth rate in Q2 itself. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Stock Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My question is pertaining to Jewellery. I think there are a lot of data this time is not there. So 
maybe quantitatively, if you can help us, out of that 19%, what is the grammage growth? And 
the related question is that last quarter, we have seen a new buyer contribution at 49%, which 
has come at 46%. So I'm reading that we have been now trying to get heavy on the wedding 
segment, which has seen a 26% growth. But in terms of new buyer, have you been able to clock 
that kind of growth? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So I can give you the new buyer growth, Shirish 46% of -- you should not compare it again to 
last quarter because it's not sequential. Last year, it was, I think, 47% new buyer contribution for 
the quarter, and this year, it's 46%. So yes, repeat buyers have grown at a faster rate than new 
buyers, but the percentage difference is only 1%. I wouldn't compare it to Quarter 4 because 
there is a seasonality element in whatever we do.  
And grammage growth, etcetera, is good, but actually grammage growth is not an operating KPI 
that management actually tracks very, very actively. We are aware of it. But for us, volume is 
driven largely on buyer growth. And within that, we look very closely at new buyer and repeat 
buyer and the rest of it is average spend per buyer. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is helpful, but I'm just trying to point out, on slide 23, our contribution or studded portion 
has remained flat 26%. So that's why I was more keen that if there is a volume, which is playing 
an angle then that will also have an impact on the margin. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
No. So studded, so when we're saying studded share is constant, it means that we've had as much 
growth in studded as much as in gold jewellery and gold jewellery plus gold coins. So to that 
extent, that clarifies the volume in terms of buyer growth for both. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Just one follow-up here. We said that we are now trying to pursue the market opportunity 
in trying to grab the market share. What is the market share target or in the medium to long-term 
aspiration we are holding at this time? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes. So last year, our best estimate was a 7% market share of INR 450,000 crores overall 
jewellery market. And we have actually set our sights on a certain long-term market. We are 
expecting or we would like to gain, not expecting, we are -- ambition is to gain a percentage 
point in market share year-on-year. We have done that successfully in the last few years, and we 
have come to 7%. We think we can aim to get to a double-digit market share in the next 3, 4 
years. And that's the aspiration we've set ourselves. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
But this is technically, we are targeting all the energies and investments towards South? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Not necessarily. This is not entirely driven by South. We are, in fact, doing regionalization and 
winning in different India's program across many markets, not just South. In South itself, there 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 6 of 19 
 
are differential programs across different states as well as we are looking at parts of East. We 
are looking at parts of Bharat markets. We're looking at -- and a few other markets as well, which 
are in the pipeline to come alive in the next couple of years. So we have a whole milestone and 
a schedule of markets to kind of bring alive between now as we go forward over the next few 
years. So this is not entirely South. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second and last question on the watches segment. Can we get some volume numbers 
because generally, you used to give the volume number, but this time it is missing. So out of 
13% growth in the business, what is the volume growth in the analog? 
Suparna Mitra: 
So it's -- finally, there is analog and wearables. And we have seen exceedingly good volume 
growth in wearables. And it is, in a way, consumer segment wise. So if you take youth segment 
and say, brand Fastrack, the analog has actually seen a decline in volume, but the wearables have 
seen a significant increase in volume. So the interplay between volume, value, analog and 
wearables and also the premium brands and the mass brand, is quite a complicated kind of thing. 
At this point, I think that's what I would leave you with. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And one follow-up here. I mean, the two follow-ups. The margin has settled around 11.5. So in 
the medium term or maybe next 3 to 4 quarters because I see that directionally, the premium 
segment has grown much faster for us. So what should we read, is the margin will come and 
recover with a lag? Or there is a thin margin on the international brands? 
Suparna Mitra: 
No. International brands actually have quite a healthy margin. There was a onetime, some 
provisions made for some developmental costs as well as some other smartwatch related things, 
which has brought the margin to 11.8. In general, through the year, we will see margins between 
12-13%. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. That's what your confident. But just one more follow-up. In the capital employed, we have 
seen against a INR 2,437 crores, our capital employed has gone up by almost INR 700 crores. 
So is it primarily because of the international portion or there is some element sitting in? 
Suparna Mitra: 
There is some element of inventory buildup as well as some element of debtors. Again, this is 
quite complex because we have differential sales in different channels. And our sales and 
channels, especially marketplace e-com and large format stores has been higher than budget, and 
that has led to higher receivables -- sorry, and inventory also has gone up. This is in over and 
above what we had budgeted and is likely to remain like this till Quarter 2 and because a lot of 
it is also built up for the activation and as well as Dussehra, Diwali, the festive season, which 
will be in October, November. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So I'll just point out what you just repeated, the inventory will remain at that level of INR 3,000 
crores. It will not improve or it will not go up, rather it will come down directly? 
Suparna Mitra: 
What I'm trying to say is until Q2 end it will remain high because a lot of inventory buildup is 
done for the festive season, in anticipation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 7 of 19 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
So my first question was on the demand in jewellery for this quarter. If you could just bifurcate 
the demand across the 3 months. And I was also interested in knowing if say the correction in 
gold prices in June had any impact in improving the demand for that specific month? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So June month, as I said, we saw a stability of gold prices and also at a slightly lower level 
compared to April and May. And that certainly played a role in giving people confidence. But 
as I said, we also did a fair amount of work on exchange to solve for consumers. And therefore, 
we kicked that in by May -- let's say, third week of May. So that carried forward into June. And 
therefore, that combination of all that helped. So people were able to buy also, there were 
wedding purchases, etcetera, that happened. 
In the current quarter, I could only tell you that we continue to see very good and healthy demand 
growth in the same way, as I said earlier, I can't say much about how the next 2 months will be. 
We expect it to be good, but we're yet to see that. July has been good is what I can say. It will 
be difficult to give you a breakup of how month-to-month will Quarter 2 shape up. Unless I 
didn't understand your question, right? 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
No, it was related to the first quarter only, not about how July has been, more about April, May, 
June because I was trying to look at different drivers in each month, is what I understand, because 
you mentioned about Akshaya Tritiya in the last call for April. What your June was partially 
driven by the gold prices? And then obviously, we had gold exchange program and all the other 
initiatives with that. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Okay. No, no. So I'll clarify now that I understood a little better. April -- 1st half of April was 
quite slow. Then things just took off during the Akshaya Tritiya period, the next fortnight. Then 
May, again, it kind of went very quiet. And again, from about 20th May onwards, it picked up 
very well and June then also continued to grow fantastic. So that is the kind of volatility we saw 
across the 3 months. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
This is helpful. A related question to that was that when you speak of wedding segment and how 
that has also grown, I think, at 26%. Overall, the wedding rates have been lower this quarter and 
most companies have mentioned about wedding demand being a bit of a challenge, while you 
did allude to, would it be right to say that the specific activation is more related to the gold 
exchange program, in what drove a lot of the customers on the margin to say prepone their 
wedding-related buying, and that is in a way been a driver for this growth coming in? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Difficult to answer that really. But our -- we know that Quarter 1 is a good lagan market wedding 
dates and the markets, which typically do well in lagan are eastern markets, Bihar, Eastern UP, 
parts of MP, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand - those markets. And we did see good traction in the East 
and those parts of the North as well as other parts of North as well. We didn't see as much traction 
in some of the other markets where we thought it might happen. But frankly, the lagan markets 
have done reasonably well, and that is what has helped us. Perhaps the exchange helped. But I 
don't know whether they preponed or bought for that quarter, I can't really answer that. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sure. Just one final question was that in our history as I understand gold exchanges been used 
tactically a lot of times to sometimes activate demand and obviously get customers in. Correct 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 8 of 19 
 
me if I'm wrong on that. Going forward, would it be right to say that this is now going to become 
the main avenue for acquiring customers or would have a much larger share? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
See, the gold exchange program is a very robust growth engine for us and has been so for the 
last several years now, so it continues to be. Typically, the non-Tanishq that is other outside gold 
typically contributes 30-31% of sales. This quarter, it happens to contribute with 35% of sales. 
So, but whether that will remain likewise in the rest of the quarter, it's difficult to say. 
It may range. It may vary between these 2. It's not something, which you should worry about 
structurally, does it change things? And does it actually make -- it's not a problem. As long as 
the payouts are under control, we are fine with it. So actually, it's a reasonably healthy and 
profitable growth engine. So offers may come from time to time, but it's not something which is 
structural. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies. 
Vivek M: 
A couple of questions. First is on the margins, but again on jewellery. So let's say this quarter, 
you did about 11%. For the guidance of, let's say, what you gave in the last quarter of 12.5-13%, 
if I assume 12.5%, at least 13% margins for the rest of the year. Is that what is looking reasonable 
right now to you? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Several time we have reiterated our guidance is 12-13%, but somehow or the other 12.5-13% 
has got stuck in this community's mind. The 12-13%, and that is what we would continue to aim 
for. 
Vivek M: 
Sorry, because last quarter, you have had explicitly guided for 12.5-13% instead of 12-13%. I 
think that's the reason. 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
No 12-13%. So suppose for some reason, then that was not the right, 12-13%, we have been 
maintaining consistently. 
Vivek M: 
Got it. Got it. So that means there will be a big step up in the next 3 quarters. So that looks like, 
so whatever you have mentioned about the mark-up rationalization, that was essentially a very 
short-term thing for this quarter and from next quarter onwards, it is -- you are going to see a 
similar margin than what you have highlighted. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So Vivek, Ajoy here. I'll comment. Typically, Quarter 2 and Quarter 4 are the high Studded ratio 
contribution quarters you would recollect. And therefore, Quarter 1 being more gold-oriented 
quarter is typically low. And as Ashok pointed out, if you go back, leave aside last year, the 
previous 3, 4 years, you will see that typically, it's been around this 11% range, and we've ended 
the year between 12-13%, okay. 
In the same way, we expect this to happen, and it is well planned and exactly planned by us in 
that manner. And Quarter 3 onwards, there is also urban wedding season, which kicks in. So that 
also increases the contribution of a richer product mix even in the gold. So Quarter 3, Quarter 4 
tends to be even that. So combination of those is what will help us get to the 12-13%. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 9 of 19 
 
Vivek M: 
Okay. Got it. And the second question is on the jewellery capital employed, at about net 
employed of INR 6,500 crores. So stable quarter-on-quarter, significantly higher than what it 
used to be in the past. So can you just give more color to where this number will settle at and 
what has driven this increase particularly for first quarter this number looks quite high. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes. I'll take that question again, Ajoy here. So our inventory is pretty much as per plan and well 
-- and the stock turns are also good, actually, they're better. The capital employed is higher 
because our GOL contribution has come down to a much lower figure, it's around 27% by 
quantity, I think, if I'm not mistaken. Typically, it should be in the 50% range. 
Now that happened because of some timing of gold on spot that we had to buy, thanks to CEPA 
and other such opportunities which are there. That will get corrected as we go along because the 
timing issue as well as the fact that at that point in time, can we manage to sell more bullion in 
the market, etcetera, without giving away too much margin or without giving too much discount. 
Those were tactical considerations. But over the next quarters, you will see it stabilizing much 
higher in terms of the GOL contribution. Therefore, the capital employed will start correcting. 
It's entirely on the GOL contribution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhant from Goodwill. 
Siddhant: 
I would like to get an idea on the international business. So are we on part of achieving the 24 
stores that we had told about in the annual report? And could you just speak something about on 
the breakeven when can we achieve that in the Gulf region and the North America region? And 
how much more capital will we be infusing in both these divisions? 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
Siddhant, this is Diny here. We are on plan for that. We're looking at an expansion, we are up to 
7 Tanishq stores so far, one in the U.S. and six in the GCC region. The plan for the rest of the 
year is to add about 5 more in the U.S. and about 13 more in the GCC region which will take us 
to that number of 24 - 25 stores that we are looking at. 
From a profitability standpoint, they are all doing pretty much better than what we had planned, 
while obviously, the costs are higher in operating these stores in international markets, the GC 
profile that we are getting from the stores are also substantially higher with the U.S. being even 
better than the GCC market. 
So from that perspective, we are pretty much on track. There are some struggles in newer 
markets that we're going to get them open because new territories were a little bit unfamiliar 
with things and till we get the first store open -- first -- opening the first store takes a bit of time. 
But after that, usually, we figure out things and then we are able to proceed quicker. 
So that's the story overall. In terms of the capital investment linked to the stores, each of the 
stores requires the right level of inventory, and that is what we would put in. We may start with 
a little bit of a higher inventory than usual and then work our way over, let's say, the next 12 to 
24 month period to get to ideal stock turn of 2, which is what the norm we follow across Tanishq. 
Siddhant: 
Yes, it was more like could you quantify like INR 100 crores, INR 200 crores, INR 300 crores, 
whatever number, how much are you investing in these international businesses? 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 10 of 19 
 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
So typically, each of these stores would consume something like $6 to $8 million in terms of 
inventory. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. The next question would be on Titan Eye+. How much is e-commerce as a percentage of 
sales? And what are we doing out there? 
Saumen Bhaumik: 
This is Saumen. Our e-commerce contribution is in the ballpark of 6%, 7%, both combined our 
in-house brand channel as well as through Flipkart, Amazon. Flipkart, Amazon, we mostly sell 
sunglasses that too lower end, Fastrack products. And so focus is more on the in-house e-comm 
channel. The last quarter compared to the previous quarter e-com in-house channel has almost 
doubled in terms of its sales. But the base figure is small. 
So I was saying that while the in-house e-comm channel is doing better and focus is also on that, 
and we are seeing a visible lift in that channel sale. But in the foreseeable future, we still don't 
think the contribution of this channel will be more than 10%. It will be sub 10%. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. My last question would be, how about our TEAL and you know CaratLane businesses 
because most of them are breaking even or slight profitability. And there's a big order book in 
TEAL, and CaratLane is very strong growth plan. Will we be infusing capital in these 
businesses? Or any plans for that, raising equity? 
Ashok Sonthalia: 
Ashok here, TEAL, as you would have observed from our commentary, we have a very, very 
strong order book. And for that, whatever necessary investments are needed, they are being done, 
but they can manage through a bit borrowing and their own internal generation. So there is no 
further equity coming in either from Titan or they need to raise. 
As far as CaratLane is concerned, again, the same story. The growth is well supported by 
working capital finances, gold on lease, etcetera, etcetera. So we don't see an immediate need 
for any infusion of equity in these two entities. 
Siddhant: 
Okay. Just 1 last question, if I could squeeze in. The gold mark-up rationalization program, how 
much of a hit in our gold prices will be taking? And how much will be spread between the 
franchisee partner and Titan over there, the hit? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So the entire gold pricing, the partners don't take any hit actually. It is entirely borne by us. And 
we have already done what we had to do and this is playing out the way it is. We are not seeing 
more rationalization. In fact, many times, we see that there's opportunity for us to keep correcting 
it upward / downwards. 
So we keep making further refinements to it. But by and large, this is something, which we are 
-- something, which the company absorbs but nothing to do to the partners. Partners don't absorb. 
Moderator: 
We will now take the next question, which will be from the line of Amit Rustagi from UBS. 
Amit Rustagi: 
Sir, could you help me understand that you have mentioned about gaining market share. But if 
we combine together all the organized players, I think the number of stores they're planning to 
open are significantly higher this year versus last year. So will our strategy be moving towards 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 11 of 19 
 
more stores in India as well, like the number of stores you plan versus would you like to increase 
them as well? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes, we are actually -- this is regarding Jewellery or any other business? 
Amit Rustagi: 
Sir, jewellery. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Yes. So we are -- we've identified a potential list of stores across many towns and catchments 
which is like a more longer-term 2-year plan because we don't know which catchment comes 
alive in terms of getting the right property. Yes, we are also looking at accelerating our expansion 
plans because we see the opportunity is large. 
And while historically, we opened 30 to 40 new stores in a year, we will look at accelerating 
that even further. We are keeping a much healthier and longer pipeline in place. And something 
which I mentioned in the previous call as well, we are also expanding some of -- many of our 
existing stores and adding significant square footage. So both programs are on significant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. 
Latika Chopra: 
My first question was on -- you're just trying to understand the salience of exchange gold in this 
quarter. You mentioned 35% for non-Tanishq gold. What would the salience of Tanishq 
exchange whole year and combined number if you could share? And how does that compare 
with your regular normalized share? And also if you could comment on a like-to-like basis. How 
much dilutive is exchange gold purchases versus the regular purchase threshold? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Okay. I'll answer the first question. Second one, I didn't follow. I couldn't understand the last 
portion but let me first answer the first one. So typically, we see a 30%-31% GEP or non-Tanishq 
gold, and we see about 9-10% of Tanishq gold. This quarter, we have seen about 35% non-
Tanishq gold contribution and very interestingly, close to 15% Tanishq exchange also. That 
probably indicates customers who are also looking for this kind of opportunities to kind of deal 
with different kinds of gold price fluctuations and their requirements. So overall, therefore, 
between the two, we have seen close to 50% exchange gold in this quarter. 
Second question, I couldn't hear you properly. Can you repeat the portion? 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure. So what I was checking was on a like-to-like basis, what could be the margin differential 
between exchange jewellery versus a fresh gold purchase. And I mean, it's always tough to say 
whether you have 50% number added gold back to normalize. 
I'm just wondering in a scenario where you -- because of the way the gold prices are moving, is 
there any other way you could manage this margin dilution or mitigate this margin dilution in 
future. If you think we could probably see structurally higher exchange rate simply because gold 
prices themselves have become quite high on absolute basis. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
I just wanted to share, see, when we don't run any offers. Actually exchange gold, yes, we are 
buying -- the way it works is we are buying on spot from the customer as opposed to buying 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 12 of 19 
 
GOL from, let's say, the banks. So there is a difference because our buying versus -- and the rate 
at which we buy from the customer is the rate at which that we sell, okay. 
So by and large that gets covered because of upselling that happens, people coming with x grams 
and they'll end up buying y grams and that is much higher than what they came in. And that sets 
it off including whatever processing charges we take for melting and refining and everything 
else. 
So typically, it's not margin dilutive and it is helping us to acquire customers. In Tanishq 
exchange, also, we see a similar situation. And many times, people also land up picking up a 
richer mix, thinking to buy a studded product, etcetera. It's only when we run a little more 
aggressive offer to be able to solve for customer challenge, that's when there is some margin 
dilution, and therefore, we capture that as increased payouts. So by itself, exchange is not margin 
dilutive, I wanted to leave that thought behind. 
And we don't run offers all the time. We plan to do it as and when we required practically, which 
we look at it in -- just like we run a making charge offer that sometimes can be an exchange 
offer sometime there may be some other best deal offer. Those are tactical and market specific. 
Latika Chopra: 
Okay. That's good to know. And my second question was your overseas jewellery business. 
Have you once -- your stores normalize or become mature, on a -- how do you think the margin 
profile will look like versus the India business? You mentioned gross contribution is higher, but 
so are the expenses. But do you anticipate that overseas business over medium term would be in 
the zone of 12-13% or could even be better because of richer mix? 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
From a PBT standpoint, Latika we'll have to wait watch and see that, but what is apparent at this 
point of time is that the mix in terms of the more profitable categories is better. If we are between 
the GCC and North America, GCC still sees a large share of gold, but North America, the new 
jewellery store that we've opened has the highest studded ratio. So other than that there is a 5% 
of profitable growth. So therefore, the final GCs are better than what we enjoy in India. That 
compensates for the higher cost. 
C K Venkataraman: 
Latika. We are comparing a 27-year-old business with a 3-year-old business. And therefore, 
what Diny is saying is right. But at the same time, the intrinsic opportunity offered by the North 
America market, particularly, I would certainly say that the stable profitability of North America 
should be at least as good as India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jay Doshi: 
Yes. Based on your experience so far, are you able to kind of get a sense or quantify what is the 
extent of additional growth that you can achieve if you make the gold exchange program, zero 
default gold exchange program more or less the default policy around the year? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Good question. We'll have to work on it. We're not so sure because many of these things are 
iterative. When we've tried to innovate, settle down to a gold exchange program policy, which 
is consistent across markets, but they are very difficult to estimate whether because of the 
program being that way or is it better to do it tactically as offers from time to time because it 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 13 of 19 
 
creates a certain call to action when you do that. So difficult to answer your question, but we'll 
work on it. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Maybe take it offline some other time. Second question is on international market. 
Now your original guidance at the time of last year that investor meet was 30 stores by FY27, 
INR 3,000 crores top line -- or INR 2,500 crores top line. It will be at INR2,500 crores by end 
of this year. So should we expect that you will achieve that top line milestone or target much 
earlier than originally guided? 
And if there is something additional you can share in terms of how you're thinking about 
assortments and some other aspects of manufacturing as well as to market strategy to cater to 
the consumers in those markets? 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
So from a growth perspective, we have things look like that we can do better than what we 
planned. And we will obviously accelerate as much as we can wherever we are able to. The 
approach is to build templates that can be replicated first, sort of refine the template till we are 
reasonably confident that those can be scaled without creating problems. And I think we've kind 
of achieved that in the GCC region and in North America too. North America is still early. We 
just have 1 store open. But by the end of this year, with 5 more stores, we should be in a much 
better position to do that. 
We are looking at other markets like Singapore, Australia and looking at how much we can 
replicate and scale that up. So from that perspective, yes, at this point, we certainly look like that 
we can do better than what we thought we could. But some of these things, one has to wait to 
observe and see how exactly they play out. 
And on the manufacturing aspect, we are looking at sourcing locally in Dubai, we're looking at 
right now about 10% of what we sell in the GCC is sourced from Dubai. Over a period of time, 
we will continue to explore that and look at certain products that are required in local markets, 
the ability to get them from wherever it is most efficient to source and obtain them. 
Jay Doshi: 
One quick one if I may on the same thing. Are you targeting Indian diaspora or do you think 
there is a big market amongst international sort of consumers as well? 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
Yes. So at this point, we are clearly going after the Indian diaspora because that's relatively say, 
easier audience, they're familiar with the brand. We know what they are looking for. And in 
many markets like the US, they tend to be underserved. But once we sort of stabilize that and as 
also it depends on where we open the stores.  
Initially, we were opening them in what are largely Indian catchments. But in some of the 
locations, we've started moving away to a catchment that has other local customers as well. And 
say, for example, in Abu Dhabi, we are finding a reasonable number of non-Indians turning up. 
And over certainly, we will look at them, but that will be a second phase kind of an approach. 
The strategy is to build a large and profitable beachhead focused on the diaspora and once that 
gives us a little bit of leeway in terms of stable business, then certainly exploring beyond Indian 
diaspora is very much on the cards. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 14 of 19 
 
Jay Doshi: 
Thank you so much and best wishes for the coming quarters. 
Kuruvilla Markose: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Alok Shah: 
Yes. Good evening team. Thank for taking my question. My first one was -- just harping more 
on the margin bit. So when you mention that, you decide how much margin you want to take 
each quarter from the business and that's how it's played out historically. But this time around, 
the competition seems to be quite different than what it was historically. So just wanted to get a 
sense that if competitive dynamics were to remain high, then what levers do you think you would 
have to protect the margins for this year? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So Ajoy here. Margin protection will come from 2 or 3 levers, one is geography and channel 
mix. We believe that, there are opportunities in certain geographies, which give us a richer 
product mix and richer realization. 
The second one that we see is on product mix itself in terms of as we do a lot more work on both 
studded as well as wedding and richer product mix occasion wear. We are seeing better 
realizations there as well. 
The third piece that, we are actively exploring also is, as we keep doing a lot more of lightweight 
jewellery and modern jewellery, and especially in gold, there is opportunity to take up a little bit 
more of the gross margin as well. So these are 2-3 levers, which are in our ambit, but right now 
-- actually, it's not so much competitive pressures, which have played a role, it is about trying to 
enhance consumer sentiment in a fluctuating and volatile environment, which has been the larger 
concern. And that is what has actually motivated our actions. 
So yes, there is competitive intensity, but the brand is also that much stronger. The brand is also 
that much deeper across so many geographies. So to that extent, yes, it's there, we'll take it on. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. And just the second bit was that lower making charges, the duration of that seems to be 
at least from our length extending for you and, of course, the competition also. So do you -- from 
a strategic perspective, do you worry that a customer behaviour may change because of this 
multiple times that offer keeps on flowing versus, what it used to be historically? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Customers are always seeking good deals. So -- but we are also seeing, if you see post-COVID, 
customers' preference for brands which are trusted, brands which are there in the long run to be 
around, that has also gone up significantly. And we have seen that resurgence. In fact, Tanishq 
has grown handsomely over the last few years during COVID and post-COVID. 
So there is the reverse thing also. And there is also formalization. So yes, this price offs and 
making charge-offs that will keep going on. As long as we are able to excite the customer with 
appropriate product and appropriate brand messaging and play up on the trust, including very -- 
in fact, what we believe, we have is the best exchange offer going on. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 15 of 19 
 
Those are all things, which are really playing very well, even Golden Harvest as a program is 
really kicked off very well, and we are seeing exceptionally good response. So all the indicators, 
future forward indicators that we see is a very, very healthy response to many of the growth 
engines that we have outlined many a times in this forum as well as on the Investor Day when 
we have. 
All those are firing well, and we are not concerned about any of the growth engines as we see 
speak right now, including digital, which was a newer growth engine that was introduced during 
COVID time. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. And just a last bit of a clarification. So you mentioned that July has turned out to 
be better. So just wanted to check because usually in an Adhik Maas historically, we're seeing 
for companies lower LTL and revenue growth. So I just wanted to check, so then in that case, 
despite it being an Adhik Maas not seeing lower footfall, LTLs etcetera? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
So July has been -- I said it's been as good as Quarter 1. And in last year, there was an Adhik 
Maas. So it's all seasonal year-to-year. And for us, it's also the studded activation, which kicks 
off, and that has kicked off very well. And that's also our biggest growth engine in this quarter. 
Besides the festivals that come up in August. From Raksha Bandhan to Varamahalakshmi and 
many others. But studded is a big engine product this quarter, and that's a pillar. 
C K Venkataraman: 
Basically to restart, the division particularly launches the big collection in June in a way create 
a lot of excitement towards the diamond jewellery category and then launches the activation in 
July to capitalize on that increased desire. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
And we've done 2 collections, which are Impressions of Nature and Tales of Mystique, both of 
which have received terrific response. And of course, we continue to see good response in 
solitaires. 
C K Venkataraman: 
So in a way, therefore, the actions of the division or building a growth, which Adhik Maas have 
not happen because of the strategic intervention. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. Very clear. Thank you very much and good luck for the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Sir, you spoke about 
on jewellery, the regional construct there. So just wanted to understand, the regional construct 
of margins. So let's say, in market where we are trending higher than our national market share. 
Over there, the margin profile will be way higher versus, let's say, where we are playing the role 
of challengers. And is the cost of growth way higher in some of this markets? for example, Tamil 
Nadu, which you highlighted in our annual report as well, that is one of the strategic markets 
that we are trying to penetrate. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Actually, it's not -- what you're saying is theoretically true, but there's also another factor that 
certain markets and geographies are used to lower making charges or lower gold rates. And our 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 16 of 19 
 
market share may be low, not just in those markets, but also in other markets. If I look at AP, 
Telangana that is not the case. But yes, in West Bengal also people are that much more price 
sensitive. But in Tamil Nadu, yes, this is true. But in certain other states, it's not true, there are a 
few other states, where it's not true. So I don't know if we can draw a direct correlation from that 
angle. 
C K Venkataraman: 
Also, see, if I take a city like Chennai, while the making charges are lower compared to let's say 
a city like Ahmedabad, but the share of Company stores to total stores is substantially higher, 
and with the kind of these scale that we reach, we have reached with every company store, cost 
of retailing becomes much smaller than an L2 or/and L3 share dominant city like Ahmedabad 
and therefore, that positively kicks in. So on the product side, it is a little lower. But on the 
channel side, it's a little better. And the share of profitable categories within that, not just the 
price of the category, but the share of the sales within gold, the share of diamond jewellery, all 
these are the direct bearing, and we are honestly not -- I would say, we are just maximizing. We 
look at every market maximizing rather than say, okay, this market is more profitable, let's push 
this. This market is less profitable, let's not push this, because we're looking at multibillion-
dollar sale Company. We also want to serve customers. 
Tejash Shah: 
Very clear. And second question, see usually, there is a trade-off between growth and margins 
revenue strategy. And then you clearly called out during the call that competitive pressure was 
not the reason why you had to make an -- make extra investment in this quarter. So let's say, if 
we -- if you trend towards the lower end of margin guidance for this year, does it mean that, the 
growth will be upper end of our guidance for this year, where we ended the growth for FY24? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
I don't know, whether we've given you any growth guidance, but look, we have.. 
C K Venkataraman : 
We have presented a pretty ambitious and detailed plan virtually for all businesses in the May‘22 
Investor Meet, which is 2.5x for Jewellery, which means there is a certain CAGR, which is 
sitting in that. It is INR 10,000 crores for Watches by FY26, which has got a certain CAGR 
sitting in that. So that, in a way, is the revenue guidance from a longer-term point of view. 
We've also said that, that revenue growth is our primary focus and not margin expansion. 
Obviously, with that kind of revenue growth, profit growth will come, but whether profit growth 
will come every year exceeding the revenue growth is finally management of overall value 
creation, competitive advantage and all that. As long as we are delivering industry-leading, 
sector-leading growth in sales and profitability and returning very good value to the 
shareholders, we would be very satisfied. 
So this is a-- I understand that this may sound like an unspecific answer, but it's the answer. 
Tejash Shah: 
And last one, if I may, on Wearables. So wearable growth has been kind of very, very good for 
a while. So just wanted to understand, how is our competitive position there, and whether the 
growth is very margin accretive to that segment's margin? And where do we see the size of 
opportunity there? Because theoretically, it looks like a very big market there. 
Suparna Mitra: 
Yes. This is Suparna here. You're right, the wearables market is estimated to be about INR 9,000 
to INR 10,000 crores and continuing to grow very rapidly. We are also growing at a very, very 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 17 of 19 
 
big number percentage. And the opportunity remains, in the way the segment before categories 
playing out is that there are the very high-end brands like Apple and Samsung, and Garmin, but 
they are quite expensive. 
And then there are a bunch of brands, which are, frankly, all below INR 2,500 or INR 3,000. We 
have introduced a lot of new smartwatches in Fastrack, from around INR 1,500 to about INR 
4,500. And also, we have a very strong strategy in the e-commerce platform. As you may know 
that, wearables as a category, 30% only on ground and 70% is sold online. So we have made 
very good inroads in that in the e-commerce. 
We also started recently in selling in mobile stores -- stores that sell mobile phones. So between 
the on-ground and the online and the kind of launches that we have for Fastrack as well as the 
brand Titan, it is a power packed upcoming two or three quarters, and we hope to continue to 
grow very well. Currently, we are ranked in the top five. And beyond a point, we are looking at 
very high growth rates for ourselves as opposed necessarily trying to climb to a certain position. 
We are just very focused on our own growth. 
Tejash Shah: 
And any color on margins? 
Suparna Mitra: 
Margins are actually quite good. Obviously, there is a difference between watches. Watches is 
an established category, where we are clear market leaders and have been for three decades. But 
the Wearables margins are quite good. And the way we are looking at is that the entire revenue 
is actually in a way incremental in the sense that the two categories, while both reside on the 
wrists are not really substitutes.  
There the people, customers who buy wearables are buying it completely different reasons and 
customers, who buy watches are buying it for completely different reason. So any of the profits 
that, you're making on wearables is actually adding to the division profit. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Suparna Mitra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question was with respect to the -- in the presentation, 
you mentioned that we have done a -- we have taken brand-building initiatives during the 
quarter. So I just wanted to get a sense in terms of what we are doing with respect to enhancing 
our brand in the existing markets as well as the new markets, which we get -- enter into? 
And part two which is also in the annual report, what's mentioned is that the contribution of new 
products for plain jewellery stood at about 20% and studded jewellery at about 26%. Is this the 
highest level, we have ever seen? Or how is it in context to the past -- recent past or last few 
years? That was my first question. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ajoy Chawla: 
Okay. So I'll take the first one on brand building. There are two or three different dimensions 
that we've been working on. One is about ensuring that, we are relevant to regional markets. So 
we've done a lot of work of specific regional campaigns, coupled with regional collections. 
We've done something for Tamil Nadu earlier as well as in this quarter. We also did something 
for AP, Telangana and we have done for West Bengal and Odisha. 
So these four markets, we have actually done a fair amount of brand building efforts, many of 
them in the local language, with collections, which are very relevant. For example, in Odisha, 
we launched the entire collection inspired by the temples of Odisha, and that was extremely well 
received and so on and so forth. So that's one direction. 
The second direction has been towards high value studded as well as the collections Venkat 
spoke about that we launched in June and July. So we have launched in studded two collections, 
and that really builds desire. And that goes to cement that -- in fact, we continue to do studded 
collection launches right through the year. We typically have at least three or four campaigns 
for studded collections across the year. So that establishes or cements our position as a leader in 
designs for studded products. 
The third piece, we've been doing quite systematically and almost on a continuous basis 
irrespective of the season is on Rivaah. Wedding segment is a strategic driver, and we believe 
that it needs a 360 approach again and therefore, marketing campaigns around Rivaah, around 
reinterpreting tradition, which is appropriate to the Tanishq bride, coupled with on the ground 
real Brides of Tanishq, which we do as a very large-scale 16 cities, BTL activity engaging a lot 
of customers. 
And the third piece on that surround activity is also building a strong retail zoning for Rivaah 
and wedding. And that's why we have also been expanding many of our stores where we see a 
lot of opportunity. So that's the third dimension. 
The fourth one, which we did in this quarter, and we will continue to do is while we ran the offer 
on exchange, our entire marketing campaign was about building a certain excitement around 
exchange. We didn't in our campaign talk about the offer at all. We spoke about how so many 
people have participated in exchange, so many tonnes of gold has got exchange. So many brides 
have bought wedding jewellery on exchange including extensive PR. And that was celebrated 
in store in a big way. So that's the fourth dimension that we've done. 
So I've only picked out besides what we do for Akshaya Tritiya or what we will do for Festival 
of Diamonds during the activation period. Those are, let's say, more business as usual, but these 
four things which we did, and we are doing strongly, will continue to do so. 
The second question that you asked me was, can you repeat that, new product share has been 
broadly in the 20% range, and it may vary from year-to-year, but 20% to 25% is a reasonable 
number because customers don't come that often, it's okay. Only some customers in certain 
categories may be coming once in six months or once in three months. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And my second question, Ajoy, was while there is a lot of discussion around 
margins, which has happened. But with respect to the revenue growth, while you said that July 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 

 
 
Titan Company Limited
 
 
August 2, 2023  
Page 19 of 19 
 
has been a good month for us. But when we think about the revenue growth, will it be fair to 
believe that the bulk of the growth will be back ended.  
The reason I say this is that most of the weddings this year would be somewhere around 
December and then from Jan to March because the Diwali is a little later. So just wanted to get 
a sense from you that, whether the wedding spending will happen in the month of October, 
November? Or you expect the demand to be more around December and then Jan to March? 
Ajoy Chawla: 
See overall, it's a seasonal category. So like every year, even last year, the base of second half, 
etcetera, will be high. So percentage growth on that base -- I don't know. I can't comment whether 
it will be better. I think it's already a high base in Quarter 3. So to expect that the growth 
percentage will be even higher than what we have seen is, of course if it happens, we'll be very 
happy but that's not the point. 
I think because it's seasonal, the percentage growth year-on-year, what we are seeing right now 
and what we have seen in Quarter 1 will certainly be something, which we'll be very happy with. 
C K Venkataraman: 
And just as a concluding remark, we are now such a well distributed brand with deep inroads 
into Bharat markets and Bharat markets kick in a lot of weddings, kick-in in Quarter 1. So Bihar, 
Eastern UP, some parts or Rajasthan, MP, Chhattisgarh they kick in. So therefore, that 
compensates for in a way for what we are saying about during the wedding season. 
Ajoy Chawla: 
And wedding finally is still 20% of our total contribution to sales. So it's not -- how much should 
we attribute to that? And how much that is going to swing is difficult to kind of gauge. So back 
ended or front ended, I don't know, whatever we've seen is if you can get for the year, it's 
fantastic, and we'll be very happy. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Venkataraman for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
C K Venkataraman: 
Thank you very much, everyone, for the continuing support, encouragement, perspectives that 
make us go back from a call like this with some additional points to think about and we'll circle 
back in November. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Titan Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
TIT/\N 
COMP/\NY 
