  
   
  
 
                                            
             
 
 
                                
    10.08.2023 
  HO:SEC:125:2023-24 
 
1. The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: KTKBANK 
2. The General Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI-400 001 
Scrip Code: 532652 
 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 Reg: Transcript of Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) (oa) and Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, 
Para A, 15(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the analyst/institutional 
investors concall held on August 03, 2023 post declaration of unaudited Financial 
Results of the Bank for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023. The same is also made 
available on the Bank’s website under the following web link:  
 
https://karnatakabank.com/investor-portal/investor-presentations 
 
This is for your information and dissemination. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Karnataka Bank Ltd. 
Your Family Bank. Across India. 
Regd. & Head Office 
P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle 
Kankanady 
Mangaluru – 575 002 
Phone  : 0824-2228182  
E-Mail 
: comsec@ktkbank.com  
Website : www.karnatakabank.com 
CIN 
: L85110KA1924PLC001128 
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
 
Sham 
Kanathila
Digitally signed by 
Sham Kanathila 
Date: 2023.08.10 
11:35:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Karnataka Bank Limited  
Q1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIKRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SEKHAR RAO –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. BALACHANDRA Y V – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. GOKULDAS PAI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK BAGCHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SHAM K– COMPANY SECRETARY – KARNATAKA 
BANK LIMITED 
 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Karnataka Bank. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and you 
will be able to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference to  
MD and CEO Mr. Srikrishnan H. from Karnataka Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you very much. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Srikrishnan, the MD and CEO of Karnataka Bank. 
I am here on behalf of the Board of Directors, and I want to thank you for participating today. 
Joining me are Sekhar Rao, our Executive Director, and senior management team members:  
Balachandra, our Chief Operating Officer; Abhishek Bagchi, our CFO;   Gokuldas Pai, our Chief 
Business Officer; and Sham K, our Company Secretary. 
Today is historic day for us due to the new management's inauguration. Just to clarify, I have 
been with the bank for slightly under two months, and our new Executive Director has been on 
board for around four to five months. As we move forward, expect to hear more from Karnataka 
Bank under the tagline: "Banking with a legacy and embracing the future". Today, we are 
discussing the bank's future based on our recent quarterly results. 
We recently informed the stock exchanges about our highest-ever quarterly net profit:  
INR 370.70 crores, compared to INR 114 crores from the same period last year. Three critical 
metrics define our bank's performance: growth in advances, growth in the book, and deposit 
growth. Our advances have seen a year-to-date annualised growth of about 10%, and for this 
quarter, we achieved 5.4%. Our deposits increased by nearly 8%, with a healthy CASA mix 
maintained at around 32% - 33%. Historically, our CD ratio reached its peak at 70%. 
Our net NPA decreased significantly to 1.43%, down from the previous year. We've worked 
hard on recovery and controlling slippages, which currently stand at 0.5%, compared to 3.31% 
last year. Even compared to the last quarter, there is a reduction of about 27 bps. We also proudly 
announce our provisioning at a record high of 83.47%. The good news is also about the core 
provisions which stands at about 62% as against 55%. Additionally, we've maintained our NIM 
guidance within the 3.5% to 3.71% range.  
Regarding our bank's growth, our Return on Equity (ROE) is an impressive 17.7%, with a Return 
on Assets (ROA) of 1.47%. Our cost-to-income ratio is competitive within our banking segment 
at approximately 47%. Lastly, despite asset growth, our CRAR is at a solid 17%, with Tier 2 
steadily maintained. 
With its rich tradition and exceptional customer service, Karnataka Bank operates 900 -odd 
branches throughout the nation, over 60% of which are in Karnataka. We're present in 14 
economic zones, and our goal is to evolve from a regional story to a national story. Our strategy 
is three-pronged: efficiently run the bank, grow the bank by adopting a more outward-looking 
approach, and change the bank by embracing innovation. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We sort them all out, make them all more efficient, lot of centralization of processes and making 
sure that, the optimal efficiencies that we derive, not only on the cost, but also the turnaround 
time as far as the customer journey is concerned. Now the capacity is in two parts, one is related 
to the operational side, the other is related to technology. Both is something that you know we 
are definitely augmenting here as you know the new management. The second part is that along 
with that we need to grow the bank. Now when I talk about grow the bank, we need to change 
the culture of the bank. The culture of the bank has been not so outward looking and there is not 
much of a sales culture which is including deployment of sales teams outside of the branches. 
So far, they have been only looking at the channels of sales which is the branch channel. We are, 
introducing essentially the sale channel both on the asset side as well as on the liability side for 
CASA as well. And these are teams that will be deployed in branch serving areas in and around 
the branch to get the new to bank acquisitions. So, the NTB numbers, which is currently at about 
4,000 odd accounts per day is going to move up and that's the second piece of growth. The other 
part related to grow the bank is also to make sure that in addition to the DSA channel, there is a 
huge amount of digitization that, we have already invested into. 
And we are just on the verge of launching many such journeys, whereby the digital channels of 
the bank, which include the mobile as well as our browser-based internet banking channels, will 
be translated, just not but transformational, but also everything to do with transactional. So, 
which means that we would actually be in a position to acquire clients end to end. Most of the 
digital journey is almost 100%. Some of the journey is near 100%, whereby all of the new 
customer acquisitions need not necessarily have to be physical. 
And that's a new channel that we are building. In addition to the existing channels, which is the 
branch channel, which we are activating fully, and this also now would be helped by the sales 
channel, which is the DSAs, as well as the sales teams, the feet on street, who are deployed on 
the ground. And the last one, which I talked about, is the digital. So, this is essentially the grow 
the bank culture that we are bringing in. And here, there's a lot of reorientation that we need with 
all our existing workforce and most of them are receptive. 
The last about you know 40 days that I have been going around the regions, visiting them etc., I 
have a fair pulse of the bank of the ground level you know impressions as well. And the third 
piece is changing the bank. Now this is a transformational journey in the overall scene. What we 
are trying to do is that organically while I was talking about the growing part related to the three 
channels of client acquisitions, new customers, etc., there is also an existing customer base of 
1.3 crores that we have. And we need to make sure that there is a lot of upsell and cross-sell that 
is possible for this huge customer segment. 
To transform and evolve, we've established digital and analytical centres of excellence housed 
in a new 40,000-square-foot office in Bangalore. This not only facilitates the digital journey but 
also positions us in India's Silicon Valley. And here, talent acquisition is also possible currently, 
the very reason being that we are sitting in the heart of the Silicon Valley of India, that is 
Bangalore. Now given this, change that we have, instrumented over the last about 30 to 40 days. 
We believe that, this digital journey that we are undertaking will be far easier because the 
investment not only in technology, but investment into processes and we have also taken some 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
help from external consultants here, whereby the analytics related to our existing customers on 
their behaviour, on what products they use, based on their transactions, what other products they 
could potentially use is being extracted. 
Those cuts are being given to the branches and to the sales channels for them to actually go and 
acquire new customers. Along with that, the existing customers for new products. So, this is the 
upsell, whereby the share of the wallet is going to pretty much increase. Now this is step number 
one, as far as the change the bank is concerned. Step number two is all about innovations and 
collaborations. 
Now the bank will innovate but obviously we are not a FinTech, so we are not like some of the 
technology companies which are innovating and creating breakthroughs and really looking at 
some kind of a new product which is like, completely digitized but they cannot scale up. So, we 
have already launched this program called KBL-FinOne, which essentially is a FinTech 
collaboration whereby we have identified three or four product areas, which include some of the 
asset side, which is related to co-lending, as well as, consumer loans, and also a lot on the MSME 
side. Now, these are the FinTechs or some of the new age companies who are focused on certain 
segments, and they will collaborate with the bank, and we will scale that up whereby we acquire 
clients, we also give them a wider range of services including other banking services which we 
can offer. But on the other side, the FinTech benefits a lot because scaling up is something that 
the bank is ready to do. 
We want to work on the inherent strengths of this bank. The inherent strength of this bank lies 
one in Karnataka, as a geography, but we want to expand to other regions also.So, whatever we 
do well in Karnataka, we want to make sure that we do it even better in the other states where 
we have the presence. And it is not a small presence because most of the states that even typically 
take Maharashtra or even take some of the other South Indian states, we have an excess of fifty 
branches in each of these states. Now what we are trying to do is to make sure that the 
geographical strength that we have acquired in Karnataka is something that we will replicate. 
Our bank's strengths lie in sectors like MSME lending and agri-lending. In addition to providing 
financial services to these sectors, we also facilitate government payments, soon to encompass 
direct and indirect taxes.  
So, we are in the process of creating online as well as portal-based, which is a complete revamp 
of our website and also allow all of these third parties to come in and make sure that we are 
working with a very open but very systematic and information security control portal. The last 
part is that we are very big in agri-lending. As a percentage of our total loans, agri forms a major 
part. 
Now agri-lending, retail and MSME opportunity is there in these segments. Now we believe that 
we can help a lot in the agri also. The reason being that here again, there are a lot of value 
addition that we can provide because the fact that, access in terms of telecom access and 
connectivity has already been provided by a lot of service providers in the country. So thereby, 
we are able to actually get going with just adding more products to it and delivering them 
digitally. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
So, this is the other piece which is related to change the bank. So, in terms of the overall 
summary, ladies and gentlemen, what we are trying to do is to run the bank more efficiently and 
simplify a lot of processes, grow the bank organically and change the bank to introduce a lot of 
inorganic but not acquisition based but collaboratively from other third-party players. The bank 
in addition offers a complete you know suite of personal loan products that includes insurance, 
investment as well as broking and these are again done through the third-party initiatives that 
we have already put in place. 
So, the bank can help in protecting our customers for both life as well as non-life and health. 
And likewise, we can also help them to facilitate the trading in case, they are interested and so 
on. So, this is basically a quick summary of, what and where we are and what we want to do. 
The results are very encouraging.  
The results are very encouraging, the reason being that the bank on a financial positioning is 
also well placed. From the overall management team, yes, there could be potentially a lot of 
lateral hiring that we need to focus that we have talked about in the existing plans. We will 
supplement them with a lot of specialists depends on whatever kind of specialists are required 
where we cannot fill up the gap from internal resources. But we do have a very good 
management team already.  And we believe that, we are really creating a digital bank of the 
future. 
Now on that note, I think I have done my introductory talk. And I'll hand it over back to the 
moderator for the next steps here. Now, Sekhar, is there anything else you want to add? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Perfect. I think so you've covered it all. I will just add a couple of comments in the closing 
remarks. This is a pretty good summary of where we are headed and where we are. 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you. So, moderator back to you, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the 
first question from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers, and best wishes for all the aspirations which you just 
highlighted. Question number one, so you had given a broad vision in one of your media 
interactions when you commenced, what a journey to get to INR1 lakh crores, which means 
18%, 20% growth year-on-year. Can you highlight a bit on that? 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you for your insights, Mr. Sushil. Our annualised growth rate currently stands at 
approximately 10% for our advances book, while our liability side is nearing 8%. Our goal is to 
double these figures within the next 3 to 3.5 years. This implies an 18% to 20% compounded 
quarter-on-quarter growth annually. To put it simply, within the span of 3 to 3.5 years, our 
figures should more than double their current state. 
Our initial target was to surpass INR 100,000 crores in our total asset book within that timeframe. 
Reflecting on our performance after the June results, without making any forward-looking 
statements, I can confirm that we've already crossed the INR 150,000 crores milestone in our 
overall business growth, and we're just entering August. This significant growth from our 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
previously declared figures showcases the effective changes implemented in our frontend branch 
channel. 
In the upcoming quarter, we will introduce our second sales channel, followed by our third 
channel focusing on digital acquisition. With these steps in place, we are confident in our 
trajectory and believe robust growth is achievable for both our assets and liabilities. 
We need to meticulously monitor our metrics, particularly those that are crucial for success. This 
includes ensuring our net NPAs and gross NPAs stay within controlled parameters, as well as 
maintaining stability in the NIMs. We're currently facing challenges in managing costs, 
particularly with the rising cost of deposits. However, despite global increases, such as the 
Federal Reserve's rate hikes, we believe that deposit rates in India have reached their zenith. 
Given this scenario, we're optimistic about maintaining our current NIM ranges. We plan to 
achieve this by strategically adjusting our asset growth and ensuring optimal pricing. I trust this 
provides clarity on our approach moving forward, Mr. Sushil, and addresses your query. 
Sushil Choksey: 
So where do you see your cost of deposit of 5.1 currently to by the year-end and cost of funds 
which is at 5.2 by the year-end? 
Srikrishnan: 
Our cost of funds has historically ranged between 4.7% and 5.5%. We aim to maintain this range, 
although it's influenced by seasonal variations. To illustrate, consider the patterns of our clients, 
including contractors and agricultural farmers. 
Farmers, for instance, tend to withdraw significantly from their Current Account and Savings 
Account (CASA) during the sowing period. However, post-harvesting, we've observed a 
consistent trend: our CASA witnesses an influx as farmers deposit their earnings from crop sales 
back into the bank. This cyclic nature highlights the bank's established CASA retention strength. 
Similarly, contractors often see delays in payments, be it from government projects or other 
contracts. These delays can sometimes lead to temporary CASA withdrawals. Yet, over time, 
they revert to maintaining substantial deposits with us, which indicates trust and a stable banking 
relationship. 
Furthermore, we've yet to fully launch our government business operations. Once initiated, the 
government business's float is expected to decrease our overall cost of funds by a few basis 
points initially. As we further expand this segment, we anticipate additional opportunities to 
ensure our cost of funds remains within the targeted range. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My next question is, your vision is more about co- lending, growing retail, and the bank was 
ready on technology, but I think the current management team brings a lot of bandwidth with 
the vision to empower the digital technology transformation to a next level and the next support 
which will be required for that is human resource. So how are we planning our TAT, which was 
brilliant in the first half of last year, I don't know the reason we slackened a bit, but all these 
measures are going to bring in a fantastic change as it's visualised in the stock price too. So, what 
kind of spending are we going to do annually for this year or next year to enable all these growth 
paths and the vision which you are carrying today? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan: 
That's a noteworthy observation, Mr. Choksey. Over the years, we have invested heavily in 
technology, maintaining a core solution with Finacle that's been operational for over 23 years, 
complemented by several auxiliary systems. Investments geared towards digitisation focus on 
streamlining customer onboarding journeys and enhancing data analytics to optimise our cross-
selling capabilities through various channels. 
While these investments are in place, the products deriving from them haven't been launched. 
Our immediate strategy pivots around product development and launching, but equally crucial 
is integrating contemporary technology and business process methodologies. This is why I 
emphasised our intentions to conduct significant lateral hiring. 
However, despite these developments and the bank's current cost-to-income ratio standing at 
47% (considering provisions for certain statutory actuarial valuations related to superannuation 
and contingencies like the bipartite settlement), we project an initial ratio of around 48 to 50%. 
This is expected to decrease as revenue scales, aligning with our forward-looking investments. 
In essence, while we do seek specialists, both the executive director and I are confident in our 
ability to attract top-tier talent. Our institution's legacy, combined with the promising trajectory 
we offer, makes a compelling narrative for potential hires looking for substantial career growth." 
Moderator: 
 We will take the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good afternoon, sir, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, what would be your 
guidance for the growth rate in terms of both credit and deposit, as well as CASA? Where would 
you want to reach by the end of or the exit quarter of this financial year? 
Srikrishnan: 
Good afternoon, Mr. Sarvesh. Thank you for your question. Based on our current trajectory, our 
annual growth rate for advances is approximately 10%, which places our current total advances 
at around INR 63,000 crores. Therefore, by the end of the financial year, we anticipate that this 
figure could likely reach between INR 73,000 crores and INR 75,000 crores. 
Regarding our CASA, our CD ratio presently hovers between 68% and 70%. Our ambition is to 
elevate this ratio. This implies that our assets will see faster growth than our liabilities, though 
we're confident that liabilities won't fall far behind. Specifically, for liabilities, we project growth 
of about 10% to 12%, positioning us to achieve a target close to INR 1 lakh crores. 
Given these projections, the bank's turnover should appear much healthier by year-end, 
potentially surpassing the INR 1,75,000 crores mark. To put it into perspective, we currently 
stand at INR 1,50,000 crores. I hope this provides a clearer picture of our anticipated book size, 
Mr. Sarvesh." 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And one problem which I think most of the small and mid-sized banks have been 
facing is the trouble in gathering enough CASA. So, I mean, you did talk about making it more 
sales-oriented and all, but I mean, if you can throw some more light on your path towards sort 
of doing a better job on the gathering of CASA, this has been sort of ailing, most of the banks in 
your, at your size and scale? And secondly, you talked about a lot of transformation-related 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
hiring as well as technology, so will that affect materially any of your cost-to-income ratio in 
this financial year, or you feel that you have enough cushion or the investments have already 
been done? 
Srikrishnan: 
As I mentioned earlier in response to a previous question, we are actively seeking new talent. 
However, we're specifically targeting specialists who possess skills and expertise not currently 
present within our existing team. That is our primary approach. 
In terms of cost-to-income ratios, there might be short-term fluctuations. While our current ratio 
stands at 47%, it could momentarily rise to 49% or even 50%. However, we anticipate this to 
decrease in subsequent quarters for two main reasons. Firstly, our capital concerns will be 
addressed. Secondly, as our revenue grows, it will naturally counterbalance the cost, leading to 
a more favourable ratio. 
Regarding the Net Interest Margin (NIM), we remain committed to maintaining its strength. 
Reflecting on past performance, there might have been areas where we could've been more 
effective, just as some of our peers in the mid-size segment faced similar challenges. However, 
at present, our direction is guided by a clear and focused strategy." 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, on the CASA side, what's the sort of aspiration in the next one years, two years, three years, 
where can we reach? 
Srikrishnan: 
As I mentioned earlier, our goal for the next three-and-a-half years is to achieve a certain target,. 
However, if we break this down using simple mathematics and aim to bring our CD ratio closer 
to the 80s from its current position of around 70, it implies that our CASA and overall funding 
must sufficiently support that number. This includes the hundred thousand figures plus any 
additional calculations you might infer. This target sets our broader vision, but it's crucial to 
implement it step by step. This is where the new management's focus lies. As of now, we're 
actively on our execution path, and the entire team is fully behind this initiative. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Suraj Das from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
Yes, hello sir. Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on your appointment. Couple of 
questions, you laid out the reason for the next couple of years. So, sir, I was asking, you laid the 
foundation or reason for, what you are going to do in the next couple of years in terms of growing 
the bank or a couple of changes that you have highlighted. I just wanted to know, let us say, 
slightly from a longer-term next three years to five years, what kind of, let us say, products or 
segments will be in your focus. So, in terms of loan mix, what kind of loan mix, we'll see. Let 
us say, by 2026 or 2027, when you build that one lakh crore of asset side book? So that would 
be my question number one.  

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan: 
Mr. Suraj, as is often said in sports, we must approach each game, each session, one step at a 
time. Drawing parallels from cricket, there are distinct strategies for different formats, and 
forecasting a three-to-five-year game plan requires us to deeply consider our current execution. 
While I'm more comfortable discussing a three-year outlook as I've mentioned in previous 
responses the real challenge lies in our strategic approach. 
We're currently emphasising three primary sectors: MSME, agriculture, and retail. Our growth 
strategy is three-pronged: utilising physical branch channels, sales channels, and digital channels 
along with collaborations. This strategy shifts our reliance from a single engine of growth to 
three potent engines. In time, I anticipate each engine will perform with equal vigour, 
distributing business more evenly. Central to our future growth is the development and 
optimisation of these engines. That's our current focus and direction, Mr. Suraj." 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. So, the currently the share of retail if I see in your presentation, there is something like 
50%, 51%. So, over the next couple of years, is it fair to assume that this share would increase 
to something like 60%, 65% or so? 
Srikrishnan: 
On the topic of advances, retail currently stands at roughly 50-51%. We're witnessing significant 
growth in areas like gold loans and home loans, among others. However, while these sectors 
expand, we're also shifting our focus towards MSMEs and mid-sized corporates – areas the bank 
previously didn't prioritise as much. This segment is bound to grow as well. Therefore, it's not 
just about retail's percentage increase; it's a comprehensive growth across all three key segments: 
MSMEs, retail, and agriculture. As for specific percentages and how they will evolve, let's give 
it a few quarters to see the emerging trends, after which we can more accurately adjust and align 
our objectives. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay, understood, sir. The second question is, sir, on the underwriting side, have you done any 
changes or let us say, you see any gap, where you can fill in or any kind of action you have taken 
just wanted to know. You have said many things about many changes on the product side, on 
the sales side, on the marketing side. However, on the underwriting asset quality side, have you 
done any changes, or you are taking any action there? 
Srikrishnan: 
I appreciate your question. One unique strength of this bank is that even at the branch level, both 
branch managers and their assistants, regardless of whether the branch is in a rural or semi-urban 
area, are adept at writing credit proposals and overseeing credit evaluation and monitoring. 
Another key asset is our team of over a hundred agricultural field officers dispersed across the 
bank. I'm working to centralise their efforts in the field. Many peer banks face challenges in 
assembling such a qualified team skilled in agriculture – our officers are both academically 
trained and honed their skills within the bank, making them well-equipped to navigate agri loans 
and the agri business supply chain. 
To enhance our efficiency, we're taking several steps. Firstly, we're expanding our underwriting 
capability by increasing our regional processing centers from five to eight, ensuring faster loan 
approval processes. Secondly, we're making significant investments in technology, emphasizing 
workflow and document management processes to promote efficient and paperless information 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
transfer. Lastly, as part of our efforts in digital loan origination, we're in the process of 
developing credit scoring models that facilitate quick, digital approvals using precise 
parameters. By analysing available data, we aim to refine our scoring models and increasingly 
base them on observed behaviour. This holistic approach is what we're implementing to elevate 
our services. 
Suraj Das: 
Okay. Thanks for the detailed answer. And the last question from my side, sir, in terms of your 
return ratio, ROA and ROE, whatever kind of vision that you are having and the kind of 
transformational journey you are on. So, upon completion of this journey, let us say next two 
years to three years, what kind of ROA, ROE on a steady state basis, the bank can generate? 
Have you given any thought on that, or have you made any projection to that, that the kind of 
business model that you are developing, what kind of ROA, ROE on a steady state basis, you 
want the bank to deliver? 
Srikrishnan: 
So Mr. Suresh, the ROE, ROA is a derivative of how well we do on the other parameters. So, 
what happens there is that, if you do all of this right, then the outcome of that will be the ROE 
and the ROA. Currently what we are doing is that we do have a current healthy, ROE of almost 
like 17% plus, right? Now that is a very good kind of a sign. The other is that, the ROE currently 
is at 1.47%, but we would definitely be hovering in the same region of about 1.2% to 1.4%, and 
that is a stated objective again. So, this would bring in a lot more value to the stakeholder on a 
long-term basis and that is something that, we are quite confident about. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Srikrishnan: 
Good afternoon, Chintan. 
Chintan Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just two- three data keeping questions 
from my end. Sir, firstly, if you could just provide the breakup of GNPA movement into 
slippages, write-off recovery and update for the quarter? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Okay. And secondly, sir, also, could you just provide the breakup of loan book into fixed 
and floating and how much would be linked to a repo rate and MCLR? And lastly, sir, on the 
CASA breakup, if we could just have help us with the number of current CASA means CA and 
SA? And lastly, as on the income part, other income breakup... 
Srikrishnan: 
The first part related to the gross and the net NPA and the additions and reduction. That's what 
you wanted, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. 
Srikrishnan: 
In terms of our overall gross NPA, the additions for this quarter amount to INR292 crores.  
Up-gradations stand at around INR90 crores while recoveries are at about INR167 crores. 
Technical write-offs are relatively small, coming in at about INR10 crores, which includes other 
write-offs. The total for this quarter is INR269 crores. I mentioned the gross NPA as a percentage 
earlier, which has shown healthy performance compared to both the previous quarter of last year 
and the preceding quarter of this year. That indicates the direction we are taking. Your next 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
question pertaining to the EBLR rates and their percentage in relation to the overall gross credit. 
Approximately 20.31% is on the MCLR, while EBLR linked rates are around 6.54%. T-bill rates 
account for about 46.94%. This gives a comprehensive view of the percentage distribution for 
the gross credit. Lastly, you had a query regarding CASA. Could you please restate that 
question? 
Srikrishnan: 
Allow me a moment to check the numbers. Our savings accounts hold approximately  
INR 23,077 crores, while the current accounts have around INR 4,658 crores. Additionally, 
there's a minor float, estimated to be slightly less than INR 250 crores to INR 260 crores, spread 
across overdraft (OD) accounts and other floats. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sir, this is very helpful. And sir, just lastly, on the other income part that are INR324 crores. So 
in other income, could you help us with the breakup at least in the treasury and on non- treasury 
and or fee income. 
Srikrishnan: 
For the quarter, the total trading income has been only about INR8 crores. And the depreciation 
on investment has been about INR43 crores. And the other, which is... 
Sekhar Rao: 
INR273 crores. 
Srikrishnan: 
The fees and commissions amount to INR273 crores. This includes third-party fees, ATM 
charges, and all other commissions. To provide a more detailed breakdown: the total 
encompasses service charges, guarantee commissions, insurance commissions, ATM 
interchange fees, locker rental, among other things. If you need a detailed breakdown, we can 
provide that information to you offline. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. I will take that offline if required. Thank you so much for patiently answering all the 
questions, sir.  
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand Dama: 
Thank you, sir and congratulations for your appointment. So first, in your presentation, you 
talked about retail share. I think that is a RAM share, right? Because retail, as such, it is very 
misleading. So that is number one, if you can change that in your presentation going forward. 
Sir, second is that, if you look at Karnataka Bank we have been tracking it for a long, long time. 
Is that the asset quality and particularly the MSME book always has been an issue in the bank 
whenever basically there are bad asset quality cycles, how do you try and contain this? you said 
that basically, I mean, bank has a branch led credit processing system right now. 
So, first you would want to change that, you would want to change the underwriting the way 
basically it has been happening in the past across the legacy businesses that they have. And 
secondly is that, what are the new business lines that you would actually look at? Because bank 
is already into mortgages, they are doing gold loans, any other new product that you would want 
to introduce going forward? So, these are the key questions that I have? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan: 
We're focused on refining our existing products and underwriting processes rather than making 
drastic changes. The bank has worked diligently to manage slippages, NPAs, coverage, and 
recoveries. Recognising the strengths of some bank segments, our objective now is to activate 
newer sectors. We're leaning on past experiences and harnessing digital data. For instance, by 
observing customer behavior, such as payments for rent or utilities, we can gauge their 
purchasing power. This insight allows us to offer pre-approved consumer loans based on their 
activity this is a direction we're keen on exploring. Furthermore, we value the loyalty of our 
longstanding customers and aim to provide them with more flexibility on the liability side. For 
those who maintain considerable balances in savings and current accounts, we're introducing a 
'Flexi CASA' option, enabling customers to manage their funds via online platforms. We're also 
expanding our offerings, integrating with customs, GST, and CBDT, to provide versatile use 
cases directly to the customer, eliminating the need for in-branch visits. One area we haven't 
previously discussed is our intent to establish a government business vertical. Given our 
significant presence in Karnataka and existing relationships with various institutions including 
religious bodies, educational establishments, and more we believe there's an opportunity to serve 
government departments as well. This initiative represents another facet of our ongoing efforts 
to redefine our products, redevelop them, and target new verticals. 
Anand Dama: 
But sir, you talked about again the new initiatives that you take, but how do you fix the past? 
Srikrishnan : 
The past is a growing, particularly the cross-sale aspect mentioned earlier. We possess analytics 
related to each of our existing customers. As a result, we aim to offer additional products with a 
high level of focus based on their behavior and transaction history. This approach extends to our 
existing customer base. This is where the analytics factory comes into play, continuously 
generating vast amounts of data and supplying it to our branches. This data helps guide the 
branches in suggesting suitable products for certain customer segments, even if the connection 
is not direct but rather on a larger scale. The power of data enables us to accomplish this feat. 
Anand Dama: 
So, basically if you look at your specific PCR, obviously your NPA is still higher than as 
compared to some of the other peer banks. But if you look at a specific PCR is still some where's 
in the mid-60s as such, if you take out the technical write-offs. So, any plans basically to improve 
that in the near term, consuming the profits that you're actually generating at this point of time, 
which is very high. So, you run down your book first, and then basically look at taking it past 
70% and try and contain the credit cost that will actually flow in the future. So, any thoughts 
over there?  
Srikrishnan: 
Yes, if we prioritise Non-Performing Assets (NPA) and focus solely on managing them, it might 
lead to a loss of growth opportunities. Our approach is to strike a balance by emphasising both 
growth and NPA containment. We have set objectives to reduce NPA rates compared to the 
previous year and last quarter, and we are successfully achieving this. The trend for both gross 
and net NPAs is positive. 
Regarding the Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR) and net of technical write-offs, you are correct. 
Our coverage stands at around 62% for these items. However, if we consider even the gross 
NPA secured by assets like land and buildings, the coverage is approximately 76.5%. So, the 
bank is well protected, and although certain processes may take time, we are secure. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Our primary focus remains on growth and expanding the book size. As the book size increases, 
the percentage of NPA may not decrease, but we will address it strategically on an account-by-
account basis. It is essential not to confuse the old bank's functions with the new bank's focus. 
The old bank will continue its existing operations efficiently, while the new bank will 
concentrate on growth without neglecting NPA management. We are committed to maintaining 
a dual approach and not giving up on either front. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ketan Athavale from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know what is the expected credit cost for  
FY’24 - 25 in percentage terms? 
Srikrishnan: 
Currently, the credit cost stands at approximately 0.28%. Looking ahead, we believe there is a 
high likelihood of maintaining this level or potentially even reducing it further. By the end of 
the year, we anticipate that the credit cost will remain stable and be around the same level, Ketan. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Same for FY 25 also? 
Srikrishnan: 
No, we anticipate a slight reduction, around 25 basis points, in the credit cost. The reason behind 
this reduction lies in our strategy to focus on digital acquisition. By creating a loan book that 
primarily comprises salary loans, flexi loans, and other related products, combined with 
partnerships with payroll processing companies, we can ensure repayment guarantee as the next 
payroll will automatically come through the bank. This approach will have a positive impact on 
reducing the credit cost. However, achieving this reduction will require dedicated focus on both 
the digital side and the development of these specific products. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side.  
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. As the current participant is not answering, we'll move on to 
the next question, which is from the line of Aalok from MNCL. Please go ahead. 
Aalok: 
Thanks for the opportunity and sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. The presentation 
which is being put out clearly outlines the vision which the management is looking forward, so 
this is really commendable. Sir, I had two questions to understand from you? One is more on the 
asset quality what is that we are looking in terms of the slippages run rate maybe in FY’24 as a 
whole, including any element of restructuring portfolio that might come out in the coming 
periods. So that's my first question? 
Srikrishnan: 
Let me address that directly, Aalok. Currently, our slippage stands at approximately 0.5%. 
Looking ahead, compared to the previous quarter, we have witnessed a substantial reduction, 
and compared to the previous year, the reduction has been even more significant. This 
performance represents our best slippage figures thus far. Our goal is to maintain this positive 
trend and, at the very least, sustain the same level of performance for the remainder of the year. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
By achieving this, we can look forward to a healthy outlook by the end of the year. Additionally, 
as we progress through two more quarters, some other stress in the portfolio will have gone 
through its lifecycle, further strengthening our position. As a management team, maintaining 
this level of performance would make us content and confident about the bank's overall 
performance. 
Aalok: 
So, would you like to give some numbers on GNPA and NPA at end of FY’24?  
Srikrishnan: 
The market standard for mid-sized banks like ours regarding net NPA is to aim for a reduction 
of around 20 to 30 basis points. We aspire to bring our current net NPA of approximately 1.43% 
down to about 1.20% by the end of the financial year. Given our relatively low book size, 
achieving this target requires minimising absolute recoveries and new additions. 
Regarding the Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR), we are in a good position with sufficient 
coverage. This gives us the ability to negotiate and handle any potential slippages, including the 
possibility of taking haircuts and resolving them adequately. Overall, we have gradually moved 
towards a reasonable position concerning NPAs. Although not entirely comfortable, we are 
making progress. 
Barring any unforeseen surprises, if the credit monitoring department continues to perform as it 
has been, and we maintain our focus on NPA management, we should reach a comfortable range 
of around 1.20% for net NPA. In the next financial year, we will continue working to further 
reduce it to a lower level. Some of the most successful banks in the country have achieved a net 
NPA of 1% or even lower, and we aim to move in that direction as well. 
Aalok: 
And sir, would you like to leave us with some number on SMA2 portfolio, how is that looking 
like?  
Srikrishnan: 
I think I'll ask my colleague Balachandra to answer that question, SMA2.Just give us a minute 
please.  
Y V. Balachandra: 
As of the 30th of June, the Special Mention Accounts-2 (SMA2) stands at approximately  
INR 1,197 or you can consider it as 1,200. There has been a slight increase compared to previous 
periods, attributed to specific reasons. Some sectors have encountered realisation issues due to 
ongoing political dispensation in particular states. 
Aalok: 
Thank you, Balachandra sir. Sir, a question to you. So, would it be safe to say that now all of the 
efforts are to realise more toward growth and not at asset quality, also because if I look at the 
way  ALM is positioned, there are drivers for margin expansion from year onward as well, we 
are at LDR of 70%. So, that gives you a cushion, maybe more on the lending side versus 
borrowing side and opex while that might see some increase, with the kind of thought process 
on lending side, I believe it's going to circle more around growth. So how are you looking at that 
number inching up? 
Srikrishnan: 
Yes, on a blended basis, the monitoring of our operations is carried out between me and Sekhar, 
who serves as the Executive Director (ED) here. At the vertical head level, there is a strong focus 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
on growth. This focus includes managing both liabilities and assets, ensuring a balance between 
growth and maintaining quality. 
Credit quality is vital for the asset side, but we also emphasise maintaining quality on the liability 
side. We are cautious about increasing transactions without deriving the corresponding benefit 
in terms of balances. We aim to avoid the bank becoming a conduit for unproductive volume. 
Our management team has been guided to prioritise quality on both sides. 
To ensure this quality is maintained, we are implementing governance mechanisms and 
monitoring systems. At a high-level, we are committed to insisting on good quality assets and 
fostering productive CASA (Current Account Savings Account) relationships. We aim to avoid 
customers who solely deposit cash without contributing to the bank's overall growth. Instead, 
we will focus on migrating such customers to digital channels, and we have plans for migration 
projects to facilitate this process. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Alok, we request you to kindly rejoin the queue. Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital Advisors Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Thank you so much for this opportunity and my apologies for previously unable to connect. I 
think there was a problem at my side on the voice track. So, at the outset, congratulations and 
compliments to the new team, especially the new CEO, Mr. Srikrishnan. So, we wish you all the 
best as our fortunes are also pretty much, kind of moved with how margin performs. So, my 
question basically is related to this pay book.  
You know, it's a pay book that is across the older banks where they already have a huge chunk 
of customers who have been banking with them for the last so many years. But then to these 
customers, these new products are being offered in the line of say, personal loans or variety of 
other products like car loans, whatever. My question is that these customers typically, are they 
new to these products or they have experienced these products much from some other originator? 
Srikrishnan: 
Good afternoon, Manish. Based on my personal interactions with customers during branch visits 
over the last 40 days, I have visited about four to five regions, covering approximately eight 
branches in each region. This amounts to nearly 40 to 45 branches out of our total network. I 
have also engaged in discussions with a few invited customers. 
A key finding from these interactions is that customers are highly satisfied with the personal 
relationships they have developed with their branch managers and staff. They express strong 
loyalty towards the bank and have no intentions of moving elsewhere. However, some customers 
have sought out new digital products and services that they couldn't find within Karnataka Bank, 
leading them to use offerings from other institutions. 
These customers are digitally savvy and are keen on accessing digital products from Karnataka 
Bank. Many have personally asked me to bring new products to the bank, expressing their 
willingness to use them if made available. This presents a promising opportunity for the bank. 
While the bank's potential has not been fully utilised in the past, I am determined to work 
alongside the new management team to capitalise on this opportunity. There is nothing like 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
offering more products to an existing set of loyal customers, and we intend to make the most of 
this situation. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Absolutely, absolutely. Really, that has to be the first catchment area. I realised that and which 
is why I was trying to understand whether these were like new to these products, or you were 
saying that you were kind of... 
Srikrishnan: 
Absolutely, the customers in Karnataka are well-informed and highly aware of the technological 
advancements and opportunities in the digital landscape. The advent of technology platforms 
has made them very digitally savvy. They are well-versed with digital solutions and eager to 
embrace new technological offerings. The market in Karnataka is ripe with opportunities for 
catering to their digital needs, and we recognise the importance of leveraging their digital 
awareness and enthusiasm to provide them with the best possible banking experience. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Wonderful. So now what is, now see, like a very nice and a focused plan has been shared, you 
in fact shared that with us as well. Now what would be your thoughts on the equity dilution? 
Because if you're going to be growing fast, then maybe there'll be requirement of fresh capital.  
Srikrishnan: 
Certainly, I understand your interest, but I must refrain from addressing forward-looking 
statements. However, as an expert in this field, you are aware that banks require capital to 
facilitate growth. Currently, we stand at a capital adequacy level of 17% overall, and we have a 
Tier 2 structure in place. 
If necessary, we may consider churning the Tier 2 or making changes when opportunities arise. 
This is a continuous process for banks like ours. 
While we aspire for growth capital to support our growth path, I cannot provide specific details 
about our fundraising plans at this stage. As I have only been in this position for two months, 
we are still assessing the overall situation. If there were an urgent need for capital, we would 
have addressed it immediately. However, at present, we believe that we are in a comfortable 
position. Rest assured, any decisions regarding fundraising will be made with careful 
consideration and in the best interest of the bank. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Yes, I think that's what I was trying to understand. Yes, that there is no plan in the immediate 
term. At a personal level, what do you think are the personal milestones that you are setting for 
yourself when you've taken up this very interesting opportunity of helping a 100% old bank, but 
then you know, infusing it with new ideas, new technology, new way of doing things, really 
waking up a very old organisation. So, how are you taking your personal milestones? 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you for asking me this, Manish. It's indeed an intriguing opportunity for me. Having 
worked with several startup-like organisations in my previous roles, including three new banks, 
joining Karnataka Bank on its 100th year is a particularly interesting challenge. On this 
momentous occasion, I declared that this bank will be treated like a startup bank. Our efforts are 
now focused on creating and aligning everything around this narrative. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Hi, good evening sir. I wanted to understand a bit on the verticalisation in the non-corporate 
products. So, retail, MSME, Agri, to what level these products have been verticalised and I think 
you had said that the branch managers or the select branch managers, they also have a good 
understanding of the underwriting practices. So, I also wanted to check that, some of the banks 
of your size, they have a business and risk responsibility lying with the same individual. Is this 
the same process here, or the business and risk are entirely separate functions? 
Srikrishnan: 
Thanks for asking, Jai. This is about leveraging the bank's strengths in the right direction. We've 
made progress in verticalisation, appointing MSME National Head, Agri National Head, and 
separate teams for retail, branch banking, asset, and credit marketing. This ensures clear 
segregation between retail credit, mid-size corporate credit, and MSME credit. 
At both regional and head office levels, there's a structured approach with slab-wise credit 
sanctions. We have five regional processing hubs, expanding to eight, ensuring smooth flow 
from branches to regions and the national head office. Turnaround times vary based on the type 
of credit, faster for retail and a little slower for larger credits. We are committed to continuous 
process improvements as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Sir, I missed your initial commentary. So, pardon me for repeating. For exit of FY ‘24, 
what should be our net NPA level? And NPA as a provision of books, what percentage are we 
eyeing, sir? 
Srikrishnan: 
Sure, Saket. As mentioned earlier, our exit target for net NPA is around 1.2%, a notable 
improvement from the current 1.4%. Achieving this target relies heavily on robust monitoring 
practices. We aim to avoid any unexpected surprises, and at this stage, we have reviewed all 
regions and accounts, leading us to believe that we are on the right track to achieve our goal. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And provision books, sir? As a percentage, the total loan book, what should be the provision 
book percentage? 
Srikrishnan: 
The PCR is 83%, as I told you. And for the core book, it is about 62% right now, core provisions.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And for the NIMs trajectory, sir, I think you were explaining that the cost of funds 
will go up going ahead. So, taking that into factoring that, what should be our NIM trajectory 
for the exit of the financial year and also going ahead? What's the…  
Srikrishnan: 
The team has previously mentioned a target of 3.5% to 3.7% for our overall Net Interest Margin 
(NIM), and we are maintaining that stance. While there is pressure on the cost of deposits, we 
have some loans and new acquisitions on the loan book that are helping offset this pressure. 
Despite the challenges, we are committed to adhering to the guidance of achieving a NIM 
between 3.5% to 3.7%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Yaswanth Kumar Thippeswamy, a retail 
investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan: 
Good afternoon Mr. Yaswanth. 
Yaswanth Kumar: 
Yes, good afternoon, Srikrishnan. And congratulations on the results. And I had a couple of 
questions with respect to asset quality and the growth. I think you have already addressed that, 
so I will not repeat that question. So, yes, the question that I have now is with respect to the yield 
and advances. So last quarter, I remember Mr. Sekhar had identified advances which were 
yielding less than the government securities. So, I mean, having said this, there was some retiring 
of advances. So, similarly, I would want your inputs. Have you noticed anything of that sort? 
And at the same time, can we expect that lead-in advances to improve from here on?  
Srikrishnan: 
Sure, Sekhar is available to address the question. From my perspective, as I joined the bank, one 
of the first exercises was to review the percentage yield on the asset book based on different 
tenors. We conducted a thorough analysis and took necessary actions to exit some assets and 
improve the rate on others, focusing on repricing and continuous improvements. 
If you need specific details related to what Sekhar mentioned earlier and how it has improved, 
Sekhar can provide more insights as he is here with us. So, over to you, Sekhar, to address the 
last part of the question and elaborate on the improvements made. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Hi again, good to connect with you. These tactical decisions are part of our regular practices. 
We recently identified an arbitrage opportunity where the advances were yielding less than what 
was available through investment options. In response, we made the strategic decision to retire 
those low-yielding advances. Our focus remains on continuously monitoring opportunities to 
rationalise costs and exit unprofitable buckets and tenors. This process is ongoing and helps us 
optimise our operations. 
As a result of these efforts, our corporate loan book yield has shown significant improvement. 
It has increased from mid-7% to slightly above 8%, specifically at 8.29%. This reflects our 
commitment to maximising yield and making well-informed decisions to enhance the bank's 
overall performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, Hi, sir. Thanks a lot. So, I have a couple of questions. So, we have a couple of low hanging 
fruits currently in terms of the LDR number LCR number and we are in a scenario when the 
credit quality may remain fine for some time. And so, you have that much time, so you have that 
much time to ramp-up your business in that time. 
 
The question is that we would like to first take a proof of some opportunities that we have in 
terms of asset mix, LDR number being low, LCR number being very high. Is that the first thing 
that we are going to do or what is the plan that we have on the branch expansion side, which are 
the vertical hills that we are going to build-up, which are the loan segments where we are going 
to increase the market share? So, these three things if you can highlight and the first question 
also.  

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan: 
Absolutely, you are right. We recognise the existing strengths of the bank and have no intention 
of moving away from them. Instead, we aim to leverage these strengths to their fullest potential. 
As part of our strategic goals, we have provided clear targets to all branches and regions to 
increase the CD (Credit-Deposit) ratio. Initially, the CD ratio stood at around 60% when the new 
management, including myself and Sekhar, took charge. Through continuous efforts and process 
improvements, we have seen progress, and the CD ratio has now reached 70%. However, we are 
not content with 70% and aim to push it further as an immediate target. 
Regarding branch expansion, this financial year, we have plans to open around 50 new branches. 
Additionally, our focus on digital expansion has no boundaries. Significant investments have 
been made in backend systems and frontend access. Currently, we are working on enhancing 
product journeys to ensure a seamless digital experience for customers. 
We have achieved a digital approval rate of 100% in certain loan approvals, and for others, it 
stands at around 70% to 80%. Our goal is to minimise manual interventions and repairs, 
streamlining the process and reducing the cost of acquisition. The investments in technology 
open up new possibilities beyond just our branch presence, and we are determined to maximise 
the benefits from these digital advancements. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Srikrishnan: 
Yes, Mr. Kapoor. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. The point I was asking earlier on the ROA trajectory also, what the trajectory should 
be? And for the detection of NPA, how are we using technology, especially AI and the system 
processes, wherein we will have early detection of NPAs going ahead? And what portion of the 
loan book is attributed to a personal loan? And that too on the unsecured part. 
Srikrishnan: 
Sure, let me address your questions. Regarding ROA, it currently stands at approximately 1.47, 
and this figure may vary as we continue to grow our business. While we aim to work towards 
achieving our targets, we also understand that ROA is subject to change due to business growth. 
However, we will strive to maintain the ROA within a certain range without divulging specific 
figures. 
As for the investment in technology, we have implemented an advanced system called 
VasoolSOFt for NPA monitoring and automation. This application ensures that all NPAs are 
automatically declared from the system. Vasool SOFt monitors and delivers early warning 
signals (EWS) and even sends out automated notices in case of delays or potential issues. 
This automation is not only essential for our operations but also a requirement from the Reserve 
Bank to minimise manual errors and ensure accuracy. We continuously enhance this system to 
integrate various processes, including legal and recovery actions, making it a seamless interface 
across multiple systems. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
I hope I have addressed all your queries. If you have any further questions, please feel free to 
ask. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to MD sir, Mr. Srikrishnan H and ED sir, Mr. Sekhar Rao for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Srikrishnan: 
So, thank you so much for your participation, from my side as a first time that I have met with 
the analyst. We have uploaded our investor presentation on our website. This is again, very 
clearly articulating all of whatever is required and as Sekhar is here and he's been in the bank 
even earlier than me by a couple of months. I'll hand over to Sekhar for him to do the concluding 
remarks of today's conference. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for the overwhelming response. We currently have around 
285 participants, and I sincerely appreciate all of you for taking the time to be here. As  
 Srikrishnan mentioned, this is an exciting time for the bank, with record profits and a clear 
vision for the future. We are a bank with a rich legacy, enthusiastic about embracing the 
opportunities the future holds. 
We have identified specific segments and businesses, namely MSME, Agri, and retail, which 
we will leverage for growth. Additionally, our extensive presence in various geographies will 
support our growth in liabilities. Ensuring asset quality remains a top priority, we have 
established dedicated teams and structures, separating retail, wholesale, asset quality, and credit 
underwriting functions, adopting best practices for optimal performance. 
We are well-positioned for growth and remain committed to keeping you informed about our 
progress. Srikrishnan and I have taken it upon ourselves to maintain regular communication with 
all of you. We look forward to having ongoing conversations. Thank you once again, and a 
special thanks to the moderator for hosting this event. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Karnataka Bank, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
Srikrishnan: 
Thank you, moderator, for handling this as well. Thank you so much for participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Have a great day. 
