
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call”  
May 17, 2023 
 
 
Management Participants 
Mr. Ashish Rai – Vice Chairman & Director 
Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ninad Kelkar --Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investors Call of Aurionpro Solutions to Discuss the 
Q4 & FY23 Results. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note this conference call is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aashvi Shah from 
Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Vikram. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Aashvi Shah from Adfactors PR. We represent 
investor relations for Aurionpro Solutions Limited. On behalf of the company, I welcome you all to our 
earnings conference call for Q4 and FY23. 
Today, on this call, we have with us from the management, Mr. Ashish Rai -- Vice Chairman and Director; 
Mr. Vipul Parmar -- Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ninad Kelkar --Company Secretary. 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, followed by a Q&A session. 
Please note that certain statements made during this call maybe forward-looking in nature. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or 
projections to differ materially from those statements. Aurionpro solutions will not be in any way 
responsible for any actions taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly 
update these forward looking statements. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Rai for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: 
Thanks, Aashvi. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to this Earnings Call for Q4 & FY23. 
We are of course very pleased to announce these results. FY23 was in many ways a landmark year for us 
in terms of execution on pretty much all aspects of our revamped strategy that we've communicated 
before and we can't be more proud of the disciplined execution from all our businesses. 
We met or exceeded our targets on every operational parameter that we track actively. Both of our core 
divisions exceeded their operational targets for the year, which points to the exceptional execution from 
Aurionpro teams across the world. 
I'm sure by now you received the investor deck that details our performance in the quarter, allow me to 
briefly summarize the key performance highlights: Revenue for the quarter stood at Rs.191 crores which 
is a growth of 39% on a year-on-year basis and 13% sequentially on a quarter-on-quarter basis which is 
one of the strongest sequential growth we have for some time. 
EBITDA for Q4FY23 stood at Rs.40 crores as compared to Rs.30 crores in Q4FY22, which is a growth of 
33% on a YoY basis and a 9% sequential QoQ basis. EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 21%. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
PAT for Q4FY23, stood at Rs.27 crores which is a growth of 23% on a year-on-year basis and 2% sequential. 
In FY23, the company achieved its revenue target of Rs.659 crores, which is a 31% growth YoY. EBITDA 
and Profit after tax for FY23 were higher 30% and 35% respectively on a YoY basis. Earnings per share for 
Q4 FY23 stood at Rs.11 and for FY23 it stood at Rs.42.69, which is an increase of 38% on a YoY basis. 
Let me move on to updating you on some of the key strategic priorities, especially around the channel 
and capacity, which are more immediate in terms of impact, as well as the product build which is more 
mid to long term in terms of impact. Over the last few quarters, we've highlighted our focus on building 
out the sales channel and expanding outside our established home markets, which is primarily Asia. 
We've gone about building this with a very sharp focus and I'm pleased to report that we've made very 
strong progress in building out an exceptionally high quality sales team across US, India, Middle East as 
well as core Asia. So the channel is more or less fully built out as well as bringing on board some incredible 
partnerships with tier-1 technology partners, which will greatly enhance our reach as well as impact 
globally. 
What makes FY23 performance stand out for us and makes it even more special is that the teams achieved 
this while also meeting our long term objectives of accelerating R&D to create next-generation platforms. 
While our core platforms are pretty much fully built out across banking as well as TIG, as we expand our 
markets, there is a level of incremental build that does consume material efforts. So in FY23, we have 
surpassed pretty much every year in our history in terms of progressing on the product build and the new 
product launches. 
If I highlight a few of these, we launched a brand new corporate digital banking product, Auro-Digi, that's 
already won its first client which is really encouraging for us. We launched SME platform, Aurobees during 
the year, that's again seeing significant traction. We've made some announcements on this from time-to-
time. We went live with the payment offerings, B2C live in India, B2B in Singapore. We had great additions 
to our solution sets in lending and transit as well. On the platform services in India, we launched a hybrid 
cloud services offering that adds significant value to our existing platform offerings. So, all in all, a very 
large number of launches, probably the most we've had in our history in a single year. We also made great 
progress in adding capacity across the enterprise. We've added 500-plus people in the second half of the 
year that allows us to progress our product build agenda aggressively. We also added manufacturing 
capacity for the hardware divisions to allow them to scale more aggressively in the current year. 
So if you take all of these together, these achievements now allow us to be ready for a phase of rapid as 
well as sustained growth, through both increasing our market share in the home markets where we are 
already quite significant in terms of our presence as well as expansion in the identified growth markets 
for each of the businesses. 
So, as I look ahead to FY24, we started the year with a strong pipeline, thanks to both the direct sales 
channel as well as our partnerships now firing on all cylinders. We enter the year with a strong order book  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
of about Rs.820 crores. Most of the order book is executable over the next four quarters, so that gives us 
very strong visibility into the next four quarters. We also feel very good about the execution machine 
walking into this year. 
We have driven strong growth for the last two years now. And while we needed a lot of work last year in 
terms of building out capacity, channel, as well as the organizational framework to handle the growth, 
this year we are a lot better placed in terms of both capacity and talent. We expect to maintain the growth 
trajectory going forward and we expect that FY24 growth to be in the range of 30% to 35%, which is a 
slight uptick on our growth last year. Building a technology business that can create and preserve value 
over the long term, needs one to have a durable defensive modes and an ability to adapt to the changes 
that we see in the industry from time-to-time. 
We feel even more strongly now than before that our chosen strategic framework centered around highly 
differentiated products and platforms, allows us the ability to react much better to the demand 
environment as it evolves, which in turn will allow us to deliver medium to long term superior returns on 
capital compared to the industry. 
We want to be in the top 10% of the tech industry in terms of both growth as well as margins. We've 
done that for the last two years and we will remain focused on continuing this well into the current year 
and far beyond. 
I hope this has given you a useful overview of the overall business context and our strategy and 
performance. I look forward to addressing any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take a first question 
from the line of Mitul Mehta from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Just wanted to get some sense on both your businesses with respect to working capital. So if I clearly        
compare it with the working capital of last year to this year, this year the working capital has slightly 
deteriorated. Last year, our cash flow conversion was significantly higher, this year that has not come 
through. So can you please make us understand as to where this working capital is stuck, I mean is it more 
in the banking products of business or your infrastructure business, which is the payment gateway 
business? Secondly, sir, we've invested some capital into building manufacturing capacity and capabilities. 
Are we going to further invest in that area, and if yes, how much? Is it possible for you to also help us 
understand the return on capital employed in both the businesses so that we can dissect a much better? 
Ashish Rai: 
Working capital is essentially two things, right, so working capital broadly is inventory and its receivables, 
right. So obviously since we got into manufacturing the hardware side of the business, we are now 
carrying a bit of inventory which will add to the working capital in the business, bulk of it still is the 
receivables and receivables for us, our DSOs has gone from something like 94 last year to about 110 that 
it stands on right now, it had been going up to about 115 in September, it came down to 110 now. We'll  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   see that come down in another 5 or 10 days over the next six months. What is happening to the enterprise 
right now is, since we are growing at a pretty fast pace, in some cases we will use working capital as a 
competitive tool for the business, and in some cases we want to carry inventories, in some cases, we 
want to agree to their payment cycles. The product business typically would tend to skewed that way. 
The other side to it is, we are starting off way more projects than we can finish. And that again, given the 
kind of business that we built up, around essentially product deliveries and making customers live on the 
products, finishing projects is again very important. So, we've been building capacity through the years. 
A lot of that has been built out, so we feel the first half of the year would be a lot better in terms of 
actually finishing of projects and hence getting the DSOs down. I think our ability to generate return on 
any capital employed by the enterprise is very high. We believe we can drive pretty much industry-leading 
returns on capital. So we don't really get too worried about working capital getting stretched from time-
to-time. So it's not necessarily a bad thing if we can drive 25%, 30% returns on any capital employed. So 
we will probably see it come down by another 10 days in the next six months, but in our business, I think 
one has to be prepared for DSOs staying at 90-100 day level at Least, right and then time-to-time, we'll 
use it as a competitive tool as we said. So that's basically on working capital. I can through the call maybe 
explain more if someone has another angle to it.  
                                   On the second question, so you're right, we made investments in two firms over the last couple of years; 
SC Soft in Singapore and Toshi, which is ADAPT, Aurionpro Toshi Automatic Systems now out in India. And 
both of them, we are building out in our heads the most integrated end-to-end stack when it comes to 
transit payments. So we don't want to sit in the box and say we make software or we make the payments 
back or validate this or we make the case, we essentially span the whole value chain, which gives us 
immense competitive power. Hence the reason to invest in manufacturing. The return on capital that you 
will get from it, will come from the transit businesses that we have across. So basically we believe we will 
be able to drive very high margins from the transit business in steady state, right now we're rapidly 
growing, but at some point in time over the next few years, the business acquire scale and it's a lot more 
steady. And then we believe it will match the 25% ask we have across the enterprise from all the 
businesses, the ROCE ask, the transit business as a whole will make that. So, manufacturing is a critical 
part of that chain. It allows us to be a lot more competitive and the overall business will drive the 25% 
ROCE.  
                                   The last part, “are we going to invest in scaling up capacity?” We announced a little while back expansion 
in Malaysia, we announced this tie up with contract manufacturers out in Malaysia, which allows the 
scale that capacity on the validator side. It's already kicked in; we did our first deliveries over the last 
couple of months and that really allowed us the way to scale significantly compared to where we were. 
The setup out in India as well, we will continue to expand, because we too see that growing at rates far 
faster than overall Aurionpro growth rates, although it's a small business right now. I hope I've covered 
all the points and through the call you know if there is any follow ups, I'm happy to take those. 
 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
Mitul Mehta:        Let's say, this year we ended our sales at Rs.650 crores. Can you give us a break up between the two 
business, the transit payment business, I mean of course that includes the manufacturing business also? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes. So we published that. So look, I think the split is roughly 52% is banking and fintech and 48% is 
technology Innovation group which embeds the manufacturing assets, the transit assets, the smart 
mobility, smart city assets in India as well as the hybrid cloud and data center businesses. So it's essentially 
Rs.340 Cr for banking and about Rs.315 Cr for TIG. 
Mitul Mehta:           I'm assuming that both the businesses would be having similar margins? 
Ashish Rai: 
Not really, banking is, let's say about four or five points more than TIG. 
Mitul Mehta: 
The technology innovation margins would be approximately, let's say, 18%-19%, would be higher? 
Ashish Rai: 
So look, I think in the range of let's say 15% -16% on TIG and certainly above 20s in the case of banking 
and fintech, so closer to 25 or so. 
Mitul Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand your strategy going forward. Clearly, the technology innovation business    
seems to be a capital-intensive business. So how are you directionally investing in your business, would 
you be investing a lot more in your technology innovation business or you pretty more or less hit the peak 
in terms of manufacturing capacity? 
Ashish Rai: 
Look, it's not a capital-intensive business I would sort of differ on that. I think it will consume capital at a 
little bit of an elevated rate, while we are growing rapidly. But in a steady state, if you look at the transit 
businesses that we run, and especially now we are going a lot more global, earlier we were doing 
contracts in India, now we are out in the US, Central America, Latin America, so we're out competing and 
winning globally, the business is extremely profitable. So, we believe from a capital intensity standpoint 
and given the fact that we can give high inventories off to contract manufacturers and stuff, we can run 
it in a fairly capital efficient fashion and still drive good margins. The thing about TIG right now is, there 
is element of business in India, which has elongated payment cycles and probably a little bit lower margin, 
but over time you'll see the mix changing. TIG is essentially the group in which we incubate a lot of 
different businesses, so there is always a few mature businesses, which can become independent 
divisions by themselves over time and then there are a lot of small businesses, where we are investing 
capital initially, and as they mature, it will really not be a problem.  
                                    I think one thing to understand about Aurionpro is by and large, we expense all our R&D spend. So we 
are not really capitalizing our assets. If we were capitalizing it, you will see profitability probably 9 to 10 
points better than what it actually is. So in Q4 R&D is about 8.5% but it's going up. So the thing to look at 
is because we don't capitalize and we expense all R&D from time to time some businesses appear to have 
a different economic profile than what we think they will be long term when they're stabilized. So we 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
believe transit is a very strong business, we believe we can drive good margins on the hybrid cloud 
services, on the data center design business as well and I don't think it's seriously capital-intensive. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Is there any retention money which is stuck in the TIG business? 
Ashish Rai: 
So we have something of the range of Rs. 30 crores stuck as retention money.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Our company has been listed for quite some time now, but improvement in performance has been 
happening for the last few quarters. So, what is the change which has happened which is responsible for 
it and how is the future looking like in terms of opportunity size for us? And how's the competition 
scenario for us, who are our major competitors in both the segments we are operating in?  
Ashish Rai: 
Thanks, Vivek. Good question. So yes, we've been listed since 2005, and we have evolved over time as 
the enterprise. I think what's more relevant to answering your question is, we started a strategic pivot 
about three years back as an enterprise, where we revamped our strategy and what we are focusing on 
is becoming a Global IP-led products and platforms vendors right, which is sort of focused on a few chosen 
segments, I will probably come to that. But first, why build out global products and platforms vendor? 
Our core thesis was one, we don't want to be a commoditized IP services vendor over the long-term as 
we feel margins in that business over time go down, whether it's because of structural cost issues, 
whether it's because of AI, whether it's something else, we don't believe we want to be a commoditized 
services vendor. So we said we want to be centered around IP and build our own. The second is, when 
we say we want to build out a product business, we said, we don't want to be a single product business, 
so we don't want to be a one trick pony because that exposes our shareholder in the business to a lot of 
lumpiness in revenue streams, cyclical sort of demand. So we said, we want to have multiple IP assets, 
right, we want to be diverse enough. Third, we said we don't want to be in a single sector and hence we 
said, what are the adjacent sectors we can be present in, right? So that sort of brought in to say, okay, 
you are centered on product, you are multi-product, second, you are across multiple sectors. For example, 
we use the same payment stack, but transit is slightly different in terms of economic behavior compared 
to banking. So, we went that way. So that is what brought to our ambition to become a global products 
player. Where are we in terms of banking? We've got absolute tier-1 assets again lending as well as 
transaction banking, you probably saw charges with tech leaders quadrant product on the lending side. 
There's basically no software provider from India or even Asia who is in the leaders quadrant and we are 
the only one. And similarly on the transit side, we believe we are building out one of the most integrated 
end-to-end stacks, what proves us, we are tier-1, California for example, total competitive Global RFP and 
we are one of the three winners in that and we are already rolling out in five-six Californian cities, so if I 
can win there, we can win pretty much anywhere. So, I think a lot of proof points as to why we believe 
we are absolute tier-1 in terms of IP?  
                                   So essentially the segments that we chose, one, the segment should have a very long demand runway, 
which is corporate loan origination which is transit in our view, etc., right? Second, we said, the leadership 
in the space should be contested enough for us to go for a global leadership position. So, it should be  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   fragmented and contested enough for us to go for it. Third, it should be a segment in which we can build 
out a tier-1 IP asset like I explained on the lending side right. So as long as it meets those conditions, we 
go in and we try and build a business out. So that's essentially what the play has been on the strategy 
side.  
                                   Who do we compete with? Banking, we compete with probably the largest global vendors, in some cases 
we collaborate with them, in some cases we compete with them, which is the likes of Fiserv, Finastra, FIS. 
On the transit side, we compete with most of the biggest players in global, Ellis, Wakes, a lot of players, 
right, but we also collaborate very actively with them. So, for example, we collaborate very actively with 
Finastra, we collaborate very actively with MasterCard. So we play on the global field, we are fairly small 
in very large spaces, but we have absolutely top class products to go out and compete. So we feel good 
about where we are.  
                                   The last point probably was what I'll close with is your point, the last two quarters we are doing well. 
Actually we put the strategy in place almost three years back. It takes us time to do the product build, 
product is not an easy business, services is a very linear business, I hire a 1,000 people, I can get 1,000 
people of revenue, product takes capital to build, it takes time to succeed. It's harder, but still I believe at 
least 10 or 11 quarters of consecutive 25% to 30% growth and we feel we can continue this for a fairly 
long time. I hope that answers. 
Vivek Gautam: 
My question is that, the slowdown in the very small banks in US getting impacted due to the recent 
banking crisis. Is it impacting us in any way? That was the number two and number three was about the 
opportunity size for our transaction banking, metro station, rapid rail transportation and other ticketing 
solutions we are offering, how is the opportunity size over there? 
Ashish Rai: 
I take the first one. I don't know whether it's a banking crisis or not, but there is a high interest rate 
environment in the western world. There is a lot of talk around recession. We hear as much about 
recession as you hear about recession. If it happens it happens. We don't sell to small and mid-sized 
banks. The product we have is around corporate loan origination, which only the largest banks need. We 
believe a high interest rate environment is generally a good thing for corporate loan books in general for 
corporate banks. What we see at least so far, is the large banks that we serve are doing pretty well, able 
to drive margins and what also is happening is in a high interest rate environment, typically the 
investment bank side slows down. So, there is less fee income, there's less M&A transactions and banks 
seem to invest even more on the corporate loan side because I think that's the size of the bank that that 
is making money. So far from what we have seen, we only see an increased demand, we don't necessarily 
see any reduction in demand. Our pipelines are the strongest they've ever been. So we'll see if there is a 
worldwide global recession or even a big one in the western world, it probably affects everyone. But we 
would believe we have the ability to outperform the industry no matter what comes. So, I think that's 
number one.  
                                    

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   Second part to it, I think there were several products mentioned, so probably it's hard to address the 
target size market-by-market. So, I'll come back to what I was saying on the previous question. We 
selected segments where we believe the addressable market is very large. If you look at each of our 
products, even products which are the leading products in Asia. So if you say lending is actually pretty big 
in core Asia on a global basis, we probably have less than a 4% to 5% market share, in some cases even 
less than 2% market share. So, we happen to sit in a very unique spot where the segment sizes are all 
double-digit billions, very large. Second, we have a very competitive products stack. Third, we have very 
small market share. So if you have a very small market share and a very competitive product, logically you 
should be able to expand for a very long time. And I think that's what we believe will happen as we go 
forward. So segments very large, market share very small, product proven to be competitive on a global 
level in many cases where it is not, we are working towards making them globally competitive. So we 
would believe the product that we are left with right now, we would fancy our chances in terms of 
continuing to grow fairly strongly in each of those segments. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: 
I have a couple of questions. First question is on the order book, you mentioned we have around Rs.800- 
820 crores for FY24, which will be executable for next four quarters. So can you share some color and 
what kind of order inflow or enquiry on orders we are getting for next year FY25? My second question is 
on the division, you mentioned we are looking for a growth of around 30%- 35%. So if you can help with 
which division is going to contribute more, banking or the TIG? And the third question is you also 
mentioned something on capacity addition in hardware. So some more comments on that? 
Ashish Rai: 
So order book, Rs.820 crores as it stood end of March, we believe at least about Rs.700 crores from it 
should be executable over the next four quarters. It obviously depends on capacity and how we plan our 
projects. The rest of what we are projecting, we will deliver next year, will have to come from the sell and 
deliver that we do within the year. So, that's essentially how the order book pans out. How does it look 
for FY25? FY25 is we'll probably spill over Rs.120, 130 crores from the current order book when we go 
into that year, but most of it will be sold this year. From a pipeline standpoint, we feel we are in a very 
good position; the pipelines have been 40% bigger than they were, let's say six months back. So it's 
actually climbed up quite significantly. I don't think that's necessarily a reflection of just the demand, we 
have added a lot of sales people in US, India, Middle East, Southeast Asia, as well as we've signed up 
some very, very interesting partnerships which give us a leg up in terms of demand generation. So, the 
pipelines are the strongest they've ever been by a mile. I think that should bode well for FY25 in terms of 
what we convert and maybe middle of the year we will come in and provide an update on that.  
                                   The growth of 30% to 35% how does it spread between divisions, so what happened last year was, 
banking ended at about Rs.340 crores and it grew about 15%. TIG stood at about Rs.315 crores or so and 
it grew at 55%. So, obviously TIG has grown very strongly. Banking is very software-driven, product-driven 
and banking was busy building capacity as well as launching new products. We expect to see the benefit    

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   of those new products launches, as well as the build out capacity in terms of project execution to come 
to us this year. So what I would expect or what we would expect is TIG to moderate in growth, so not 
grow at 55 but grow kind of materially lesser and banking to step up in growth. So both of them more or 
less converge at the middle, that's how we'll get to the 30% to 35%.  
                                   The third part about capacity manufacturing. We've added somewhat to the capacity in Ghaziabad in 
terms of how efficiently we run it. A little bit of machinery and addition in terms of shift work, etc., and 
we will continue to scale that capacity a little bit more because the demand is just staggering. So we'll 
work on it. On the validator side out in Singapore and Malaysia, we've signed an agreement which we are 
also a few months back with the contract manufacturer. We got the capacity tied up. We got zero 
concerns about being able to scale up for the next few years actually with that capacity. So I think we are 
fairly sorted there. 
Hiten Boricha: 
But on the capacity side, can you quantify the amount, what was the CAPEX in FY23 and what are we 
going to spend in FY24? 
Ashish Rai: 
So capacity is multiple parts of CAPEX, one is these are acquisitions. So first I think between SC Soft in 
Singapore and Toshi plus the CAPEX you're talking at something in the range of Rs.50 crores which includes 
both the inorganic investments that we put as well as the CAPEX behind those. 
Hiten Boricha: 
And the number for FY24, sir? 
Ashish Rai: 
FY24 we are not really planning anything materially incremental. So we need to close off the SC Soft 10%, 
we now own 90%, we need to finish that off and we've got some incremental investment in Toshi. So I 
would say in the range of Rs.30 crores is what we should expect. 
Hiten Boricha: 
So you have mentioned the margins in TIG is 15%, 16% and banking division is more or less around 20%. 
Is it EBITDA margin we are talking about or the EBIT margin? And the second, you made some comment 
on ROCE, I missed that comment. Can you please repeat it? 
               Ashish Rai: 
So that's EBITDA margin and essentially what is banking is five points above enterprise, TIG is five points 
below enterprise. The idea is for TIG to climb up, but it's a business that's growing at 55% because we 
expense pretty much most of the product build and all, it's hard to really get the margins up if you keep 
going at 55%. So as the growth moderates, the margin levels will go up. The second part on ROCE,  
essentially our expectation on ROCE is to drive 25% and above. So that is the ask. Any capital that any 
business wants to use, in the business, we demand a 25% at least. But in cases it's higher. As we get bigger, 
our ask on what ROI’s we need on any incremental capital that we reinvest back in the business, it's only 
getting more stringent for FY24, but last year we were keeping the threshold at 25%. 
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire. Capital. Please go ahead. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
I wanted to understand on the margin front, what sort of margins we are looking at in such growth 
environment? 
Ashish Rai: 
Look, our target remains at 21% to 22% on EBITDA and 15% to 16% on profit after tax. At that level, we 
believe we would be totally the top 10% players in the industry, that's what the goal is. So we will be 
among the most profitable shops in Indian tech at least. And that's where we plan to stay. The thing to 
note about our EBITDA numbers compared to 99% of Indian tech is services, so probably it's relevant is 
that we also do R&D and the plan is to do 9% to 10% next year around that, most of it, unless there is 
some specific reason, we would not capitalize. So the actual EBITDA if you were capitalizing would 
probably be far higher the rate and that is the nature of a product business that tend to be pretty good 
on EBITDA as it stabilizes. So, our plan right now, while we expense most of our R&D is to 21% to 22% on 
EBITDA and 15% to 16% on PAT. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But R&D of 9% to 10% of revenue, is that what we envisage in coming years to continue? 
Ashish Rai: 
It probably will not continue, but I think it's not normal in the industry to get to. So, we were probably at 
about 7.5%, 8%, I think it will climb up. The thing is for most of our products, the opportunities in front 
of us are so large that we will need to invest capital to capitalize on those opportunities. And by and large, 
we want to stay away from doing any major capitalization, creating sort of intangibles on the balance 
sheet. So, it can climb up quite a bit. The goal for us is to keep the EBITDA there and excess that we get 
round that into R&D, so keep EBITDA still at 21%-22%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Because I thought generally because of your operating leverage, your margins can be much higher, even 
at the net and EBITDA level than what we are currently doing or what we envisage? 
Ashish Rai: 
It could be. So if you really wanted to say, let's stop all R&D expense and let's just run the revenue streams 
as they run, of course, you can drive much bigger margins. For us, we feel at our current levels we are 
already one of the most profitable shops around from a return on capital standpoint, from a return for 
shareholders standpoint, I believe that is the right spot for us and we use the incremental that over the 
'21-22 to keep funneling R&D. So what happens is unless you're capitalizing, no accounting report 
captures the value of IP. So what is the goal? When you're looking at a capital allocation decision, the idea 
is what will drive the most long term intrinsic value for the business, for the shareholder. And for that one 
is obviously we grow faster than the industry which we are doing, industry growing at 10%, we grow at 
30%-plus, that is very good, we drive better margins than the industry, industry probably is at 16%-17% 
EBITDA, we drive 22%, that's good. The third part which no accounting report captures in terms of long 
term addition to intrinsic value is the value of the IP, which we are generating. And I think that is really, 
really important for us to generate long-term sort of additions to intrinsic value per share of the 
enterprise. So I think that's what we drive. So, I don't think I would want to ever get to a 0 or a 1% or 2% 
R&D. I don't think it really makes sense from a long term sort of shareholder return standpoint. 
 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
My second question is on your inorganic. Are there any plans of inorganic acquisition or expansion in the 
near term or medium term? 
Ashish Rai: 
So look, we will always be open to the idea of inorganic acquisitions as we've shown in the past. For us, 
there is basically two things that drive that decision. So how we are running the business is we're not 
trying to sit in a box that says software or that says hardware or that says IT services, we are a tech vendor 
who occupies the whole value chain. So we will try and we sit on as many points of the value chain as we 
can, whether it's around service, hardware, software and that is what allows us to drive sort of industry-
leading margins. So, in that sense two things important to us. On the value chain, if there is an adjacency 
or there's an opportunity to go backward integration, we will go and do an acquisition. So we will not 
acquire for revenue, we will not really acquire for clients, we will acquire for backward integrating into 
the value chain, enhancing the value that we add, which is like the SC Soft acquisition, it allowed us to 
get in on the electronic hardware validator side of the business and we keep backward integrating that 
as well, sort of we keep building more and more of our parts, even inside the validator and do less and 
less of outsourcing. So, that is essentially the hardware R&D site. Similarly, Toshi, we acquired because it 
allowed us to play on the vending machines, the gates and stuff like that. So if we find an adjacency, if we 
find opportunities to backward integrate, and occupy more points of the value chain, we will go and do 
an acquisition, expect more of tuck-in kind of acquisition rather than big bang we buy for revenue kind of 
thing, we don't believe that's a good use of our shareholders wealth. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, you spoke in length about your transit platform, currently, what percentage of revenues from this 
platform? 
Ashish Rai: 
I think we don't declare that. We'll probably start doing that soon. It's an acquired scale. So TIG overall is 
now almost 50% of the enterprise and transit is a significant share of that. I am hesitant to give you an 
exact number, but it's acquired quite a bit of scale and in three to six months we'll probably consider 
whether we want to start reporting it separately. 
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Umesh Matkar from Sushil Finance. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Matkar: 
You mentioned that banking to pick up growth this year. So are you hinting at entering into new markets 
like US? And also which products have you launched in the banking segment? 
Ashish Rai: 
We definitely are planning for banking and fintech overall to grow for us much more significantly in FY24. 
Where will it grow? So one is we have taken the product out to more markets, we've got a bigger sales 
channel in Southeast Asia, we get into a bigger channel in Middle East and we are entering selectively in 
the US. US for sure, even with the current order book will grow quite materially in FY24, because I think 
maybe three or four months back, we announced the USD 18 million deal in the US which will significantly 
convert to revenue in the year and that adds on top of the current business which is going on. In Southeast 
Asia, we are seeing very interesting deals in the pipeline and we are close to winning a few of those and 
that will again add to the business.  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   The question about products. So we continue to sell loan origination, collateral management, limit 
management, we added corporate digital banking as a new product a few months back, we already have 
acquired our first client on that product. I think that is very relevant for the market right now. We also 
have co-developed a product with Finastra which is the number one trade finance solution provider in 
the world. And there again, we see significant traction in the pipeline and that probably over the next few 
years will go global, because it goes directly to the client base of that large vendor where our sort of 
licenses gets sold. So I think that again will scale up. So there is a lot of demand on the banking side that 
will translate over the next 12- 24 months. So we do expect that set up to grow very strongly. 
Umesh Matkar: 
TIG has witnessed a strong growth of 63% year-on-year, what led to a healthy growth? Also, is data center 
included in it? What would be its contribution in this segment? 
Ashish Rai: 
Within TIG, the main lines which have been growing is transit, it's the data center and cloud side of 
business and our smart city side is more or less stable, probably even slid down a little bit. So, we don't 
really declare explicit slices. So I would not give number, but the segments which have grown. Data center 
and cloud we built up probably one of the most respected teams in the industry, that is really driving 
growth for us, it's certainly growing higher than the Aurionpro's rate of growth, probably higher than the 
TIG’s rate of growth, the same thing with transit and smart city sliding down a bit. So I think overall two 
parts of that TIG business going very strongly. 
Umesh Matkar: 
My last question would be, smart city projects have witnessed a small slowdown in the past few months 
or so. So, are you expecting a pickup considering the election in next year? 
Ashish Rai: 
Look, to be honest, that's one of the segments which we're not really planning any significant growth in 
that business. It's an important business for us in terms of capability that we build that we can use 
elsewhere in enterprise, it's important for us to really go and do deals which are really interesting for us 
from both a margin standpoint as well as client relationship standpoint. So, we'll continue to do 
interesting things in the business. We are not expecting a significant ramp up in demand or our ability to 
service it for this year. 
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Neerav Timbadia, who's an investor. Please go ahead. 
Neerav Timbadia: Just a couple of questions. One is around the borrowings, so this year we did borrow some additional 
funds, I see the debt going up. So what is the plan to make the company completely debt-free or do you 
see the borrowing going up this year? And second question is around some of the projects where we 
invested heavily like Noida Metro, Nagpur Metro, when do you think they would be able to contribute 
significantly? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, we don't really have a big plan to go zero debt. We think the borrowing level in the business is pretty 
low depending on which metric you like using, coverage ratios are great, the debt-to-equity is probably 
at 0.1. So the long term borrowing in the business remains stable. I think it was probably 52 last year, it's  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   only 48 now or 47, 48, so it's not significant. There is obviously a slight uptick in the short term borrowings, 
which is essentially vendor financing for projects which we are executing on which will taper off. It's a 
point in time thing, it's essentially, three, four, five months kind of thing when we are in the middle of 
some specific projects and those are short term vendor financing borrowing. In general, the leverage level 
in the business is like really low. I don't think there is really much thought that we would give to when 
the long term thing retires and goes to zero. It will probably happen by itself over two, three years, but 
it's not really a big concern for us.  
                                   On the Noida, Nagpur side, I think those contracts are doing fine, they are running, they are contributing 
to revenue, we have done upgrade, we've expanded those as well. So overall, the transit business in India 
has grown manifold from the earlier Nagpur, Noida contract days. So those contracts continue to run very 
well. We expanded onto UP transport, Haryana transport, Kanpur metro. Since the global business has 
expanded and we do see us being very competitive at a global level, we want to be very selective in terms 
of new business that we take on in India on the transit side. So, we will continue to remain one of the 
most competitive people in the field, we will continue to win share, but we will participate in deals where 
we feel it aligns with the metrics that the organization expects, and will continue to scale the business 
globally in US, in Latin America, in Central America where we're seeing a lot of traction. 
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Tejas Boricha from NVS Brokerage. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Boricha: 
Sir, my question is regarding the growth prospects as whether how will be your company in future into IT 
software and IT services, as sale of software services have grown double than sale of equipment and 
product license. What are the plans to expand into these both segments as our gross profit is around 29% 
and PAT margin is about 16%, which is equivalent to or similar as of the last year or so? So what are the 
future prospects? 
Ashish Rai: 
Margin levels, we expect to keep at the level, we are very happy with the levels we are at. From time-to-
time, we may need to move the R&D expense line a little bit here and there. So it may move a point in 
either direction, but we feel very happy with the margin level. So that's something we will want to keep. 
Growth in the business, we will want to continue accelerating as we go. So, like in response to one of the 
earlier questions, we have built up a great set of product assets, we are either already there or we have 
a very clear plan to get to building product sets which are globally competitive, one of the top products 
in the world and when you combine that with having very small market share in very large segments, we 
believe we can continue to power growth in the business quite rapidly as we grow, whether that's in 
banking, in transit, or in some of the services business. So I think that's essentially the growth plan and 
we got the talent to sort of back it up in terms of, we really know what it looks like, when we say a leading 
product in the world, we say this is what it looks like. If I'm not there already, this is how I'll get there. So 
that's essentially the plan and then we go and compete, we see a lot of success going there.  
Tejas Boricha: 
As we can see that the future prospects of the company is about to grow, but I can see in the working 
capital changes that our receivables are three times higher than our trade payables, which are twice as  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Ltd 
                                                                                                                                                                           May 17 2023 
 
                                   high as compared to last year. So, how will it be manageable with the working capital as we are growing 
in the year? 
Ashish Rai: 
So you're right, last year, we were at about 94 DSO, now the DSO we finished at about 110, so that is 
clearly higher than last year. I would say, part of it is clearly attributable to growth in the business. What's 
really happening is when you are really running at breakneck speed, you are starting more projects than 
you can finish, we've had Issues in terms of collecting payments. What we have done is over the last 
quarter, the capacity has really come up where we've been obviously finishing off the project. So, you'll 
see the effect of that. Second, as we are growing bigger, we're getting a lot more selective in terms of the 
business that we pick up. So I would expect that 110 to come down to 100 or so over the next six months 
and then we will revisit and see where we want to get to. One thing I would want to be very sort of 
transparent about is, I think given the current nature of the business stay at a 90-100 days level, no matter 
how efficiently everything is running, that is the nature of our business, and we are very comfortable with 
that level. We believe the kind of returns we can drive on any capital employed in the enterprise are high 
enough for us to stay along with it. The thing is ultimately it's a question of return. A little bit more capital 
employed in the business is not really a concern if you can drive 25% returns on it. Because I can't think 
of many alternative users to that capital that will drive a 25% return. So if we are doing very high margin 
business, if we are winning, we are very comfortable with the 90-100 days level, from time-to-time it will 
jump up depending on our capacity to execute well. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Ashish Rai for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. We are very happy with how we executed last year and we intend 
to stay focused on executing with a very high level of discipline as we go and we will make sure we took 
some feedback on some of the information areas which are of interest and we totally don't disclose right 
now, we will go back and consider that and see whether we want to start disclosing some additional 
things which are of use and we'll stay focused on executing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
                             This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain 
transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
