  
 
 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L19201WB1931PLC007261 
Registered Office: 27B, Camac Street, 1st Floor, Kolkata-700016, West Bengal II Tel.: (033) 23014400 II  Fax: (033) 22895748 
E-mail: in-customer.service@bata.com II Website: www.bata.in 
 
 
    August 17, 2023 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
The Manager
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051      
 
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
 
BSE Security Code: 500043 
NSE Symbol: BATAINDIA  
CSE Scrip Code: 10000003  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:   Post Earnings call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our letters dated August 2, 2023 and August 11, 2023, on the captioned subject. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as 
amended), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings (Conference) Call held on Friday, August 
11, 2023. 
 
The same shall also be made available on our website i.e. www.bata.in  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
  
NITIN BAGARIA 
AVP - Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As Above 
Nitin 
Bagaria
Digitally 
signed by 
Nitin 
Bagaria

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Bata India Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNJAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ANIL SOMANI – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAGARIA -- COMPANY SECRETARY – BATA 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Bata India Q1 FY’24 Results Conference 
Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you, Zico. Hi, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, it is my utmost pleasure to welcome 
you all to Bata's Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference call. Today, from the management, we have 
with us Mr. Gunjan Shah, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Anil Somani, 
Director Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Nitin Bagaria, Company Secretary. Thank 
you and over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Thank you, Gaurav and Axis Capital. A warm welcome to all of you. We have Gunjan, who is 
MD, CEO. We also have Anil Somani with us. We have shared the presentation with the Stock 
Exchange a little while earlier, but we will be happy to take you through along on this call. We 
will navigate the slides as well as the page numbers to stay synchronized. On slide number two, 
we have the disclaimer. I am sure you have gone through the same. We will move to the next 
slide, which is slide number three. Over to you, Gunjan, and thanks for joining. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you everyone, welcome to the call from Bata and thanks for joining. So we'll start off 
with the agenda, we will talk about business overview, I'm on slide number three, the strategy 
highlights and then the financials and then we will open up for questions as we have done for 
now several quarters. 
On the key highlights before I jump in, we obviously saw footprint extend. I will talk about most 
of these points in subsequent slides to now almost 2,100 points of sale including shop and shops. 
Our technology investments continue and in fact the largest one will go live in this month, is on 
track and the next year we will go live in quarter one of next year, sorry quarter four of this year. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 3 of 19 
 
We will also be extending our sneaker studios, they have now got extended to almost 565 stores 
as well as our new product that I have been now talking about for several quarters, which is 
Floats, the casual, washable, molded footwear. Keeps on recording highest volumes, and has 
obviously done highest ever even this quarter. 
Moving on to highlights on the various strategies and thrust areas that I've talked about. I'm on 
slide number six. Portfolios, Sneaker Studios, we continue to push forward. As I said, we've 
added to almost 565 Sneaker Studios stores and Sneaker continues to outpace our growth. 
Despite now strong bases also coming along, because it's now almost 18 months since we started 
this entire Sneaker drive. 
Floats I've talked about it's now started contributing meaningfully to our volumes and also value 
to the extent that it's given us confidence to open up our first new banner under floats and I'll 
speak about that. We also have a significant focus towards comfort as well as style brands and 
they continue to grow for us leading our outpacing our overall growth despite the overall muted 
environment that we saw in the quarter gone by. 
Franchise on the expansion and retail excellence, we did renovate a significant number of stores 
this year, this quarter which was almost about 40 stores. We are towards the fag end of our 
backlog refresh that we had wanted to do because of the gap during COVID. And I think over 
the last 18 months and maybe another six months, we will have the store refresh continue and 
then we will come back to normative refreshes. 
Franchise store additions continue. We added further 30 stores, 29 stores this quarter. And that 
pace continues. And we continue to see exceedingly good response from that business channel. 
Distribution business, while the mass business has been sluggish, we continue to invest behind 
basically expansion. 
And we are also now making significant efforts towards controlling the retail channel by putting 
in for the field force, sales force productivity tools as well as key account management on the 
top 2,000 out of the MBOs that we reach out to. 
On the marketing investments, we did run campaigns on monsoon back to school. School was 
extremely positive this year. We did manage to capture the demand in the right manner, 
including the newer styles on shoes, etcetera, which we had missed last year. And we also had 
to keep on USS in line with what industry trends were. It gave us a good response in this 
relatively inflation driven environment that we had on the demand side. 
E-commerce was outstanding for us this quarter, continued to grow strong double digits, and 
was also backed by further initiatives on basically franchise stores now have been added into 
Omni. It's early days from a meaningful turnover contribution from them, but we have fixed the 
model that is required to make sure that Omni also runs on this, as well as we have basically 
expanded our servicing capability for e-commerce business marketplaces. 
On the supply chain side, the big milestone that we managed to do was implement WMS. Now, 
even in the distribution business side, and the first warehouse went live in South India, and soon 
to follow with the rest of the warehouses the rest of this year. We did continue to be tight on 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 4 of 19 
 
costs. I think we are now making some decent amount of headway on cost efficiencies, both on 
the COGS side as well as on fixed cost and we are hopeful that that will help us invest better in 
the business for growth. 
Last but not the least, technology, three big projects that I am talking about here besides many 
others, one on the inventory management software has been completed, so it is completely on 
the cloud and the other two HPM which is automating the entire merchandising matrix for almost 
1,700 EBOs plus 400 odd SISs is also going live as we speak and ERP is on track for quarter 4 
of this financial year. So Yes with that I'll move on to slide number eight retail expansion  
 We continue to see expansion across all the three lines on retail exclusive outlets Cocoa the 
largest of the footprint continuously [inaudible 0:07:16]. As I have mentioned consciously our 
strategy is towards the capital efficient lines particular franchise and Stop & Shops and they 
continue to outpace. Franchise has seen decent traction and we continue to see significant 
additions.  
We will continue with a strategy of 80, 20 in capital efficiency. While now we have started 
seeing incremental Cocoa additions, but we will still outpace by as I have said the potato rules 
In terms of franchise driving bulk of our additions. We have also started seeing additions in 
terms of Hush Puppy franchise, hopefully the momentum will grow and the balance of this year. 
Franchise, 29 stores as I mentioned, we have now reached almost 450 stores, much earlier than 
the 500 that we had envisaged 1.5 years back, and within a three year framework. So, we are 
very hopeful that we should be able to prepone that target by almost a year.  
On the distribution side, which is slide number 10, we are, while we have been talking about this 
distribution with growth, we are also now moving towards basically focusing towards 
controlling on retail, and that will be the next level on this front. While we are seeing now some 
signs of stabilization from inflation is therefore a pricing front, and hopefully the demand 
benefits of that should flow.  
But to reinforce that, as I said, I think focus on front line sales force, key accounts and therefore 
activating the brand in those outlets, as well as sales force productivity is going to be now the 
next level of shift that is going to be driven in this business. We are very hopeful this can give 
us meaningful expansion of Bata brands availability, especially in the interiors.  
Digital business did extremely well, continues its strong growth momentum over the last almost 
three years now. We continue to drive it all across our three channels, and we saw obviously a 
significant business growth in not only marketplaces, but also in our dotcom channel. The 
number of visits have gone up dramatically, as well as basically in terms of as I said Omni that 
has now been enabled not only now in Cocoa, Bata, Hush Puppies as well as now the franchise 
outlets. 
We have also made sure that almost all relevant platforms are all now basically have our 
offerings available across our brands and we continue to look at evaluating even ONDC how 
can we partner with them. What you also see out there is early launch that we have done of our 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 5 of 19 
 
new collection under power and which is a step and go. We feel that's a big feature that we have 
launched and that collection is hitting the stores as we speak.  
On slide number 12 on marketing, we had campaigns that we ran which were topical. You had 
monsoon driven from the floatz collection, you had schools, you also have various regional 
festival campaigns and obviously the large one that we had to do which was end of season sale. 
We saw good response. I have mentioned about schools and floatz, even end of season sale. We 
saw good response. I have mentioned about schools and floatz.  
Even end of season sale, I talked about it. I think that did extremely well. However, we were 
expecting a much, how do you say, we were expecting to start a little later, but we saw industry 
trends tending towards it much earlier. But that did help us reduce our inventories, which will 
lead to much special merchandise hitting the stores as we in the last couple of weeks that we 
have started now, going with full price merchandise.  
On the brands and categories, Northstar continues to do well. Hush Puppies, Comfit, as well as 
Floatz, all of them doing well. Hush Puppies was relatively muted largely I would say with 
basically the wedding day is moving the casual section of Hush Puppies continued to do well it 
was a horrible section that I think did get impacted because of the auspicious day movement 
between the quarters, but we are very hopeful we continue to invest behind the brand and in fact 
this year we should see highest ever additions on the Hush Puppy store network that we have 
been largely stable for the last about 4 years, 5 years.  
Besides that several other achievements that have gone into investing behind experience for all 
various stakeholders, not only consumers, but consumers as the center of it. We launched Buy 
Now Pay Later. We have also launched automated application for the visual merchandise 
activation across stores and making sure that we are able to track it across franchise as well as 
local network.  
I talked about this, the first banner under floatz that we have launched, extremely efficient model. 
We are very hopeful, early signs have been very good. It's been in operation now for almost 6 
weeks. And the signs have given us enough confidence that we are now lining up almost another 
10 such banners, kiosk stores across the next three months, four months. We also launched 
almost first in industry, shoe insurance program, Bata Shoe Care.  
It's giving us good response. We started off with 50 stores. Now we have penetrated almost 500 
stores on it. We would see much more gradual improvement and traction on it as we are able to 
even market it better. Store renovations I've talked about. We have done significant amount of 
store renovations in the last 18 months and we foresee another I think one or two quarters of that 
and then we should get back to normative levels.  
We did have launch and automated application for Landlord Connect which helps in much better 
relationships and therefore much better transparency as well as account clarity with our landlord 
partners. And the one that I talked about a little while back, which was that we will actively look 
at adjacent spaces, we have launched Power Activewear apparel that is now hitting on a pilot 
stage to almost about 60 stores, which should be done within this week or next.  

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 6 of 19 
 
And we will look forward to the results and keep you all updated on how that's going. We are 
very confident of the mix that we have launched. It has been in the works for almost a year now, 
right from research to understanding where do we want to position to the technology that we 
have incorporated in the products. And we'll keep you updated.  
On slide number 15, other highlights, we did launch, so now almost 50% of our receipts are now 
digital, and we are looking forward to it getting to almost close to 90 plus, which should be 
digital receipts, make it more tech-friendly, user-friendly, as well as obviously efficient. We did 
launch the Power Step and Go collection in the last few weeks and we feel that's a very unique 
feature, extremely comfortable as well as hands free in terms of usage and we are very bullish 
on this collection that has been launched.  
We did obviously take the inventory management software, got it upgraded into version 2 as 
well as got it completely on the cloud now and obviously there was work that happened on cyber 
security. India sourcing hub has now taken some more shape we are seeing now export orders 
coming through and which should be obviously increasing as you know the system stabilizes 
etcetera.  
We did see efficiency benefits across several lines including freight etcetera and outsourcing 
that we have done in terms of 3PL. On the last line is basically I mentioned about WMS in a 
[14:58]Depot and Hosur as well as optimization on freight cost and sorry on freight and 
warehousing costs.  
Moving to financials and therefore, the last slide of my presentation, slide number 17. Despite 
this, we did see about 2% growth in a pretty tough environment. I think a large part of it was 
driven through same store growth, but we are hopeful that this is a temporary phenomenon, our 
investments continue and a result of that was that we did see our EBITDA sequentially climb 
from 23 to 25, however over last year it was a decline of 100 basis points and a similar trend line 
that we saw on the PBT side, which you can see on the graphs on the right. With that, thank you 
so much for the time and we are open for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Ali Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, thanks so much for the opportunity and for that detailed presentation. First question is on 
the revenue growth, sir. So you did explain the network expansion that we have done from 
somewhere about 1,900-odd point of sales to 2,100, and also the particular categories which 
have seen growth.  
So, if you could just explain what would have led to 2% growth, I mean any particular categories 
that would have seen decline product wise or in terms of network if we have seen 10% growth, 
but revenue growth is 2%, then which particular channel would you have seen decline? Is it the 
retail channel, Cocoa channel or are the new channels that we have expanded in which is the 
shopping shops and MBO have probably seen a weaker performance?  
Gunjan Shah: 
Hi Ali, that's a lot of questions bundled into that, but I'll try and give a jab at it. So, our growth 
engines largely continued in terms of outpacing growth, which is franchise as well as e-

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 7 of 19 
 
commerce. The distribution business, while the platforms are strong, we are strengthening them, 
as I said, in terms of now getting into retail productivity and control, and therefore extraction of 
throughput per distributor.  
But it has had impact because of this entire mass category, GST, pricing, etcetera. It's now 
stabilized. We have across channels now not taken price increases for almost about eight months 
to nine months. And we don't foresee touching that any significantly going forward. So, we are 
very hopeful that that should along with the retail control give us. On the Cocoa side, it has been 
basically, I would say that we've been also cautious in terms of our investments and it's a capital 
intensive kind of a channel.  
So while we will keep expanding in the last two quarters, we have started seeing net Cocoa 
additions, but as I have mentioned, our conscious strategy is to make sure that we are driving 
expansion almost 80% through the franchise network. So that's where I would place myself right 
now.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
So I wasn't clear why would we have seen just 2% growth when the network has grown 10% 
year-on-year. Are we seeing like-to-like decline, SSSG decline in our network?  
Gunjan Shah: 
No, there is been decline, obviously. That goes without saying. But I would say relatively it's 
been not so sharp. It is basically, I would say, I think it's a combination of two facts. And we 
will have to see how it pans out. I am very hopeful. As I said, one is that consumers have seen a 
significant amount of inflation and that takes time for consumers to absorb.  
I think the second piece that is also there is basically it's a, I think, consumption and occasion 
days, especially wedding occasions, etcetera, have had a calendar shift. And we are looking 
forward to the festive season very optimistically and that should hopefully cover up for this. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it, this is quite helpful. Two more questions, one is on your margin, we have seen you despite 
RM softening and also you know you've taken some mix lead price improvements, margins have 
come down. Can you just explain what has led to this?  
Gunjan Shah: 
It's actually very simple. It's been largely driven through basically inventory optimization. So, 
we have had, how do you say, we did see industry moving into EOSS much earlier. And 
therefore, basically, our EOSS period got preponed into a large part of June and that did have 
obviously an impact on margins.  
As I said that -- that has also resulted in us now bringing in our fresh merchandise back in much 
faster. So, I don't think that's a longer term structural phenomenon, but yes in the month of June 
we did have a preponment of EOSS for about two weeks or so.  
Management: 
And just to add to what Gunjan said, that our inventory degrowth compared to last year was 
4.5% despite a sale growth of 2%. So, we would see a much better fresh inventory in the coming 
quarter. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
 Got it. So hopefully, we should expect Q2 onwards relatively better margin profile.  

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Manangement: 
Yes, we hope so.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. And this last question is on this apparel bit quite exciting to know the kind of opportunity 
this throws, especially you have 2,000-plus stores in your network. So, if you could just throw 
some light in terms of what price point, product range that we are seeing here and Sneaker is in 
560 stores in 18 months. So, how quickly you plan to roll out your apparel in terms of your 
overall network.  
And if at all you could give any kind of broad targets in terms of what is the size and scale you 
want this particular category to grow in two years, three years? 
Management: 
Okay so what I what I will do early is that an appropriate time we will come back with a proper 
update for you all which will give a little more flavor to this entire piece, but just to give you at 
a macro level. So, first thing is it's a pilot right so we should not run ahead of ourselves it's a 
new category. We want to make sure that we have learned it well right. 
We have shown our ability to scale up things as soon as we see so floatz is a classic example. 
As soon as we saw that they're giving us response and success and we have now scaled up not 
only width of lines and range, but also stores and therefore it is penetrated to almost about 80, 
85% of our network already, right? And to the extent that we are opening it up.  
Now coming back to apparel, apparel in general as a consumption per human being or a body, 
right is to the extent of 7 to 10X of what footwear is. So, that's the kind of adjacent consumption 
opportunity that's there. Now it's split, it's obviously a far more nuanced in terms of both bottoms 
and tops. There is undergarments and overgarments, there is various locations, there are fits, as 
well as formal, informal, etcetera.  
What we felt is our right to succeed in this would be coming from two, three areas. One is 
consumers who are walking into our stores are looking at footwear, but they are also buying 
apparel outside somewhere so that's obviously the immediate hanging fruit. We felt that 
athleisure is the area that we should basically are we should be targeting first and which is why 
we have launched this under power.  
We have launched it in about 60 stores. We have brought in, make sure that as I said at the start 
when I was giving my brief, that there is a lot of groundwork that we have done in terms of the 
product, the fit, as well as basically the technology that is put in. And the last piece is that from 
a pricing point of view, we have tried to make sure that it when we have done consumer research, 
etcetera, we have tried to find a sweet spot which is sitting somewhere in the middle range, 
which is obviously straddling the premium guys on one side and obviously the unbranded and 
the mask guys on the other side.  
So, the range that has been launched is from 800 to about 1,300 and we will share more news as 
we learn also a lot more on this. But it's been a solid jab at it. Our primarily objective right now 
is to make sure that if there are 100 people moving out of the store buying footwear in a day, 
how many of them we can make sure that they get the apparel from our store and based on 
feedback and obviously learnings, we will keep reviewing the merchandise, etcetera.  

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next participant. Our next question is from the line of Bhargav 
Buddhadev from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yes, good afternoon team and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on what is the 
share of exports now and when we say that Bata India is aiming to become an India sourcing 
hub, can you share some thoughts in terms of timelines and market opportunity that this can 
translate into?  
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, so basically, see the macro opportunity as I have said in the past, when I have said that we 
are evaluating this entire piece, is coming from a fact that we've got one third of the global 
production that Bata does happens in India, largely for India itself, right? So, we do about 50 
million pairs, globally we sell about 150.  
So, there is another 100 that is being sourced from various parts of the world. Now, we have 
right now not contributed meaningfully to that entire pie that is happening. We do source a large 
part globally from China and globally we are also looking at consciously diversification out of 
China from a sourcing strategy and because of the large base as well as knowledge and expertise 
that we have in India across various footwear types and almost across all our brands. Natural 
outcome of the diversification out of China is to enhance the India sourcing hub.  
Now in that light basically what work has been happening is to make sure that there are multiple 
things that have to fall into place. We see signs of that now progressing right, the teams have 
now started getting aligned. There are now supply chain linkages that are being created so that 
people get comfortable in sourcing out of India.  
And last but not the least, there has to be a lot of tech transfer that has to happen out of the 
current supplier base, wherever that is lying, in China or otherwise. So, there is progress 
happening. I think once we start seeing meaningful numbers, we will make sure that we also 
share it with you. But we do see light at the tunnel sooner rather than later.  
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And will we sort of manufacture this through a vendor ecosystem or we'll be investing in 
manufacturing?  
Gunjan Shah: 
So that will depend on the product. As long as I mentioned in the past, this business is straddled 
on two fronts. On one stratum is fully automated products, largely molded as well as single 
molded stuff, etcetera, something like floatz. On the other side is customized, huge manual 
interventions, tiles, small MOQs, etcetera. So depending on where in the stratum the product 
sits, that is where you will see, wherever there is a high level of capex and automation, we will 
put it up in our plant. But wherever it is to do with, let's say for example, as I said, styles, labor 
intensity as well as smaller MOQs, we will want to leverage the source ecosystem that we also 
have very large in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Bhargav, may we request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up 
questions as there are several participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. Our next question 
is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuwama. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes. Thank you so much and good evening to the management. So my first question was, as a 
part of the opening question you did allude to the mass segment being under pressure. So just to 
quantify that, possible to give a sense of how the growth divergence was within the less than 
1000 and above that segment, we've done that in the early quarters before? 
Management: 
So, while in the overall, while we did have obviously a muted scenario, the mass category still 
is showing signs of stress. However, it is also, I am seeing that sequentially coming down. So 
that's why I said that we are very hopeful that all this investment that has gone behind the mass 
category, some of the price points that we have introduced as well as the width on the multi-
brand distribution that we have done, we are hopeful that it can come back. But yes, even in this, 
we have seen the premium category grow faster, especially the products that were basically in 
the range of about INR1,000 plus compared to the products that were less than INR1,000. 
Nihal Jham: 
Got that. I just wanted a discussion on the inventory, if it's possible to say give a ballpark number 
and is this, if it's higher than say what the average is during pre-COVID, will there be a 
requirement to increase the EOSS beyond August to liquidate it, so that we have fresh inventory 
at the time of festive? 
Management: 
No, we are very comfortable on our inventory. As I said, we introduced EOSS largely because 
the industry phenomenon introduced it and therefore consumers by nature expect it. So that is 
the reason and as I mentioned to another person on the call, we have already started now pushing 
our fresh merchandise across all our stores. 
Nihal Jham: 
Helpful. I just had one more question. On the apparel focus that we are having, as much as I see 
the stores of Bata while it was possible to introduce a vertical sneaker studio, is there a space to 
put enough collection to create these conversions unless we focus that as we have done the 
renovations? 
Management: 
So you are right, it's not easy. It's not only space for display, it's more efficient than footwear by 
the way in terms of display, largely because it's either folded or it's on hangers and therefore you 
are able to show more range compared to let us say footwear etcetera. It also requires much less 
inventory space from a storage perspective. But however it also requires changing rooms. So I 
think it cuts both ways. We will also learn. We have got enough stores in fact which were the 
initial pilot stores, where we have space to accommodate this and we are able to bring alive the 
proposition. 
As I said a primary objective right now is to make sure that, we've learned this category well, 
we understand what works in this, we are able to quickly and agilely take feedback and correct 
around things and then obviously we will make sure that we've got a concrete plan of expansion. 
Nihal Jham: 
 
Thank you, Gunjan. I'll discuss it in detail. 
Management: 
 
But right now, no expansion of stores on behalf of this, even in the pilot. 
Nihal Jham: 
 
Got that. Thank you so much.  

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes, sir, my first question is like given the distribution expansion, since past several quarter, it 
is extremely low, hardly 1% or 2% compared to the last quarter base. I understand the 80%- 20% 
principle, which we are using to drive capital light distribution expansion but still, given that 
context 1% to 2% overall total store expansion, that number looks relatively on the lower side. 
 At the same time, if you can also help us understand that, like currently our total Coco store is 
60%- 62% ballpark compared to our overall distribution. So at what level you think that, the 
current capital light aggressive store expansion that we are doing that is likely to stabilize. So 
what should be that ideal ratio, which is there in your mind? So just two questions on this 
distribution front, sir. 
Management: 
The second part is easier to answer, which is basically, I actually missed your first part, can you 
just repeat that question please? 
Varun Singh: 
 
Sir, first part is our overall store expansion is 1% or 2% every quarter? 
Management: 
Your expansion has been 1% to 2%, okay, got it. So see the piece that is there is, and that is why 
I have been talking about capital efficient model is that it's a once you invest in a Coco store, it's 
a multi-year game, right? And it's not only the fixed cost that gets incurred by default because 
of that, it is also the capex that goes in which get amortized over, several years. So it is important 
that we are relatively conscious of where we go about it. So we have also been simultaneously. 
So what you see as numbers are net stores. 
We have also been consciously of reading out legacy stores that we have not been, how do you 
say, enthused about in terms of future prospects. So that leads to a net control that we want to 
have. As I've said, our endeavor is towards getting the capital efficient model going, which is 
obviously the franchise model. That we have seen healthy additions, to the extent that it's almost 
2x over two years, or two and a half years, I would say. 
So that will continue to grow very fast. We will expand, so till about three quarters back, we 
were having net reduction on Coco. Now we feel confident enough that we can see expansion, 
but as I mentioned many times in the past, we will continue to see a Pareto skew towards 
franchise on that model. In terms of where can we take this, there are many ways of looking at 
it, right? So when we looked at, let's say for example, a strategy on EBO expansion, whether 
Coco or franchise, there are almost 700 what we call as targeted shopping areas that we want to 
be present in across the length and breadth. 
We have also tied up with third parties to help us identify these locations as well as towns that 
we can take it to. Franchise has also allowed us to enter cohorts and consumer cohorts, whether 
suburbs of large agglomerates or urban agglomerates, or in Tier 4, Tier 5 towns, where earlier a 
Coco model was not allowing us to profitably hit there. 
What we are also wanting to make sure, because of this entire piece, is that we are going to be 
conscious of that, it is going to be a same-store growth that will give us long-term profitable 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 12 of 19 
 
growth. So we are very consciously wanting to be sure that we focus on that also. But there is 
enough potential as far as the opportunities where we can penetrate with this. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes, and about the ballpark number on the top of your mind regarding overall contribution from 
Coco? 
Management: 
 
In terms of revenues? 
Varun Singh: 
 
In terms of both distribution and revenue? 
Management: 
So as I said, we will keep on expanding. Last year we have added almost something like about 
120 stores. Primarily almost 110 plus came from franchise. We will see the Coco maybe 
expanding a little more aggressively now, but the ratio will not dramatically change. It will still 
be in the ballpark of 80%- 20%. 
Varun Singh: 
I meant that, on a steady state or where do you think this number to stabilize over a long period 
of time, maybe five years, four year, six years time? 
Management: 
It is difficult on that front because see India is also developing so towns and townships that were 
not suitable for us from attractiveness from setting up an EBO, whether franchise or Coco are 
becoming attractive. So I would say that, we carry a horizon and that horizon has got enough on 
the plate for us, right? So we will keep on updating those work that we do and as infrastructure 
evolves, as the per capita income evolves, etcetera, as of now, we've got enough on our plate for 
the next three to four years. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it. And sir my last question is on, there's a chart called weighted distribution in your 
presentation. If you can help us understand, how should we read or make use of these numbers? 
Management: 
So I mentioned this, someone else had asked it about two, three quarters back. It's basically the 
primarily objective that we had, at the chart of this, at least the journey that I've been showing 
on the charts, right, about two years back, was to make sure that we've got large and potential 
distributors in loop with us. And we are not with people who might be decent size for us, but are 
not large from a potential access point of view, because that is the best way that we get a sense 
of how much access to outlets that they give us. 
So this is basically a measure of telling us, what is the size and profile of the distributors that we 
are getting to from a potential perspective. As I mentioned, now we feel that, we have reached a 
certain level where we now need to start looking at our extraction as well as our retail control, 
which is the outlet that these distributors service. So that is going to be the next leg, and I'm sure 
we will be able to show you progress etcetera, on that front, which will basically give us much 
better extraction for distributor going forward. 
Varun Singh: 
 
No, I mean if the number is 44%, so 44% means what? 
Management: 
44% of the footwear distributor potential that we mapped is where we have got a percent from 
a distributor engagement perspective. 
Varun Singh: 
 
Understood, got it. Okay, sir, thank you very much. That's it for my side. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for a very detailed presentation and improving disclosure standards. 
So a couple of questions. So first, we have seen a lot of permutation combination of late in 
franchise model in the industry of late. So just wanted to understand in our franchise model, 
apart from capex, what does the franchise has to fund? And how do we account for margins that 
we give to franchise in P&L? 
Management: 
I have explained this in the past, but I'll give it an attempt again. It is basically, it is an outright 
franchise model. It is capex from the partner. It is also inventory from the partner because it's 
outright. And we do give him a margin. I will not reveal it, but it's in the ballpark of about 30% 
to 35%. And obviously fixed costs are incurred by the partner for store operations. 
Tejash Shah: 
 
Okay, and sir, the revenue that you account in your numbers, it is net of margins? 
Management: 
Yes, absolutely. So it will always show up lower on the margin line. The way we look at, I have 
said this also in the past, the way we look at it is that for any targeted shopping area, when we 
want to evaluate between a Coco and a franchise model, we look at basically which model gives 
us much better absolute net profit per pair. 
Tejash Shah: 
 
Okay, and so employee expenses also borne by the franchise? 
Management: 
 
Sorry? 
Tejash Shah: 
 
Employee cost is also borne by the franchise? What does he cover in the… 
Management: 
 
All the fee cost of store operations are borne by the franchise partner. Including staff, yes.  
Tejash Shah: 
 
Including staff, but the training and all you actually handle is… 
Management: 
Yes, absolutely. Training, supervision, compliance, the software is our own proprietary software 
and several other things that would be part of compliance. Including, as I mentioned, the Net 
Promoter Score, which is basically in terms of measuring the consumer experience that the 
consumer sees in a franchise store. We have a control as well as obviously a governance 
mechanism on it. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, second, we have expanded our sneaker collection to 560 stores. So are the SSG in this store 
much higher than the rest of the network that we have? 
Management: 
For sure. Basically, and they have also outgrown our sneaker sales. While the sneaker collection 
in general has expanded across all our stores. What we have brought in these sneaker studios is 
put them all together with a much wider, obviously, sneaker collection. So for the sneaker 
collection, expansion, refresh, bringing in new styles, colors, etcetera has happened across 
stores. So, these sneaker studio stores have now over almost 18 month journey, right, have shown 
a distinct higher shift in terms of contribution of sneakers as well as obviously growth of 
sneakers. 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Tejash Shah: 
But at store level does it contribute because when you are expanding this, you must be sacrificing 
some other collections also there in terms of wall space? So why not just to show up in SSD? 
Management: 
Yes. It is, it shows up, so it is something that is accretive. It is also, please understand, it is also 
a fact of bringing and registering in the consumer's mind that this is the kind of collection and 
width of sneakers across usage and brands and price point that we've got to offer to them and 
that is what works for that consumer and that is where we have tasted success on it. So you might 
have still had those in various categories. 
So the ladies and the men's category in the kids category, you will have it in let's say the power 
section somewhere and a non-star section somewhere but putting it all together, itself has a 
dramatic impact on the consumers, registration of the entire proposition. So that's also been one 
large piece of this entire Sneaker Studio story within the store. 
Tejash Shah: 
Okay, and sir, a last one if I may. Sir, when we see all the reforms, all the initiatives that you 
have taken in the last 18 to 24 months may, and when we kind of reconcile that with the revenue 
momentum that we are showing, and then there is no syndicate data here, so I'll rely on listed 
universe, footwear players' numbers. We seem to be losing market share in listed universe also. 
So just wanted to understand, where's the bottleneck that all the initiatives are still not reflecting 
and kind of changing the growth momentum or trajectory over here? 
Management: 
So I would say that it's a combination of many things. It's a price point that you play in, it's the 
usage occasion that has also seen some kind of a shift post COVID, right? So, and also the fact 
that, we have consciously taken a call on the Coco footprint, which many others have obviously 
been on a much more aggressive expansion. Eventually, these things stabilized. 
And we had seen, obviously, the premium section running way ahead of what we had long-term 
seen in the last couple of years. We are seeing now that getting balanced back. So I think it's a 
question of some of these phenomena playing out over a certain time horizon. As long as we are 
confident of the thrust levers that we are working on that should help us gain profitable growth 
over the next, over a period of time. 
Tejash Shah: 
 
Sure, sir. Very clear. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you. So my first question is with regards to the cost savings. We have seen your both 
employee cost as well as the other operating expenditure being much lower. In fact, it has 
declined on a Y-o-Y basis. So is this a conscious estimate on the part of the company, given that 
the focus on the cost of the initiative, which is start now to reflect? And can we expect similar 
cost savings in the future as well? 
Management: 
So, yes, we've been talking on it and we have been working on it for some time now. It has 
started showing some efficiencies. So I've talked about, let's say for example, we have now done 
3PL of the largest warehouse that we had in the north. That obviously is going to shave off a 
large part of our staff cost. Similarly, now this quarter, we will go ahead with a 3PL of our next 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 15 of 19 
 
largest warehouse which is in the south. So all of these are basically efficiency drivers and many 
others. We did a small VRS in our factory in the south in December last year. 
So all of these, we have done significant upping of incentive and variabilization of store staff 
expenses. So they are all leading up to productivity, etcetera, and as I said, some of the 
technology leavers that I've talked about, they will also lead to much better productivity in terms 
of even managerial staff and at supervisory levels. So an accumulation of initiatives, and we are 
very hopeful that they should only gain momentum going forward. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Sir, my next question is, with regards to this implementation of the merchandising software 
that you have talked about, so is it a possibility, that because of this software now being 
implemented, maybe there is some cleansing of the old merchandise that you are also taking 
along, and which is in turn possibly impacting your revenue growth in the near term. But as you 
said, the special merchandise will start hitting from the festive period, which in turn can also 
boost sales for us going there. So is that a right understanding? 
Management: 
I, your voice got a little garbled in between, but what I heard you say was that this automated 
merchandising project that we are on, it is basically along with a platform globally renowned by 
Blue Yonder. The levers are right. They will help us be more efficient, not only aging, but also 
making sure that, we are able to plan for the right articles in the right kind of stores. Because the 
network is so large, we've got tried consumer cohorts that we cater to. 
And therefore, making sure that we are able to customize to what a store in, let's say, South 
Mumbai in a mall is very different from the kind of merchandise that we need to offer in Dhulia, 
which is a store that we would be having there. And therefore, making sure that we are able to 
customize, therefore productivity of inventory goes up. 
As an outcome of that, you will be able to also make sure that you have lesser aging, etcetera 
and therefore, much better efficiencies of the inventory side. So, yes, the benefits and the 
business case are on much better revenue growth, as well as because you're offering much 
relevant merchandise to the consumer core, and the other side is on inventory efficiencies. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, so just a follow up on this. What I was actually trying to ask was that since this application 
has just got recently launched, would that also mean the cleansing of some of the non-moving 
inventories in particular locations, which could have possibly impacted sales for us in the near 
term? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I don't foresee any near-term impact because of this going forward. 
Analyst: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alok Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Alok Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. The first one is, Gunjan, just wanted to check when the new 
product launch is made, how does the product travel across your different formats of stores, say 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 16 of 19 
 
flagship, family, normal, distribution, franchisee, etcetera. So how does it go? Does it go all 
across the formats at the same time or how does the rollout happen? That's my first question. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, so I'll try and give you a couple of examples. In case it's a new format and a new product 
altogether. So for example, let's say when we had launched floats, which was something that we 
didn't have, either because of the price point, because we did have Ewa products, but with the 
compound that we launched at the price point that we launched, which was almost 50% premium 
to the rest of the products that we had, we were making sure that we initially launched it in about 
20% of our network, and then because we are having relatively agile lead times, we could then 
expand it over a period of the next six months to nine months to now as I said almost about 90% 
of our network. 
But now taking this parallel further, now we are launching and obviously we are investing in 
molds and therefore much larger designs and range and floats that we are doing it much more 
ambitiously and faster because these we feel much more confident. It is upgradations, new 
designs, value-addition, but the same DNA of the product of floats. And which we will, so floats 
2.0 that we have launched, we have launched it at almost 450 stores in one shot. So then we 
become a little more ambitious in terms of how we go about launching it. So that is broadly the 
process. I hope that answers your question. 
Alok Shah: 
Correct. So just an extension to that. So say floats is a new one. Say a range in North Star, right? 
Say, five new designs in North Star gets launched. So how does that rollout happen? Say, first 
to your store and then say after how many weeks, etcetera, to smaller stores of Bata COCO and 
then after how many weeks to franchising. I mean just wanted to understand that. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Largely they would follow the floats 2.0 sample, right, which we will have -- see it also depends, 
Alok, on the price point that we launch it at. So therefore, there might be and now more-and-
more store with the franchise network becoming large we are also wanting and developing since 
the last season, customized selection for those type of stores. So it can also be the bottom 500 
stores this product goes, but doesn't go to the top 800 stores. 
 
So there are various ways in which we skin it, also depending on the price point, but largely it 
will follow the model which is for products which are let say in the North Star updates, etcetera, 
new styles, colors, etcetera, we will then go much closer to 2.0 because then we are largely in 
the same DNA of the product. And therefore, you will go to a much wider set of our target stores 
in the first season itself. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. Fairly clear. The second point was on, consistently over the last few quarters, you've been 
mentioning about the growth in North Star, HushPuppies, Comfit, etcetera. That if you do some 
checks, it's coming to around maybe 45%, 50%-odd of your revenue. Maybe, maybe we could 
be wrong. So firstly, just wanted a clarification that what that number could be? And parallelly, 
then, if that is growing then what segment is growing at a larger rate and what is largely, the 
management strategy to address that decline? 
Gunjan Shah: 
So if I look at it from the last about 12 months period because longer horizons are not handy in 
terms of the data available but let's say, these categories would be in the range of about 30%, 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 17 of 19 
 
35% of a turnover, they have grown faster, right, for sure. What's happened is that there are the 
mass volume products that are there. And especially, as I've been mentioning it now for some 
quarters, we do see sequential improvement on those because of I think external environment as 
well as I think some of our internal actions, but they have been the ones that have taken the toll. 
So price points below INR1,000, which would be Sandak, etcetera, are the ones that have taken 
some kind of a toll. Open footwear, volume products, etcetera. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. I have a couple of more, maybe I'll take it offline. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chanchal Khandelwal from Birla Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Hi Gunjan, thanks for the opportunity. So the point which Tejas raised previously in terms of 
markets here, now if I look at from the organization you are coming from, Gunjan, ex-Britannia, 
you always we always saw that the market share was the utmost focus. 
Now somewhere in last 24 months after you have taken off 24 months, 36 months now, 
somewhere you have taken a lot of initiatives but it's not reflected in the sales, it's not reflected 
in the same store sales growth. There may be a leaking bucket, but there's something which is 
going wrong. And plus, if Bata as a brand is not working on, you have multiple brands in the 
category and you are a net cash positive company. Why the focus is not on aggressive expansion 
now? 
I mean, if I look at the market across vertical, there are companies who have been expanding 
retail in a very aggressive way. Somewhere we are losing that sales or market share. Any 
comments here? Before I ask another question? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, I commented on that with Tejas's question. It's on the same line. As I said, there have been 
different consumer segments as well as price points have been behaving in a differently post-
COVID in a slightly acute manner. I think our initiatives are in the right direction, both from the 
areas that I've outlined on slide number six of nine, which we have been consistently working 
on. And I think once these even out over a period of time, we should see the games that we are 
all looking for. 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Gunjan, what we are trying I mean, I'm asking it again, what we are trying is within the same 
store giving multiple spaces to various categories and trying it out. What I'm trying to understand 
is that why not try a few new formats and aggressively roll it out given the franchisee route or 
given the net cash you have and see the success. I mean correct me if I'm wrong, won't that play 
a better role because of the leaking bucket which we have? 
Gunjan Shah: 
You are saying new banners? Is that what you are talking about? 
Chanchal Khandelwal: 
Yes, new banners for them aggressively expand HushPuppies or aggressively expand some other 
banners you have multiple banners which you have tried in the past. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, sure, sure. So we are looking at them, but it's not easy to set up a banner, right? To make it 
accretive in terms of profitable growth and substantial enough, it is years of seeding that needs 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 18 of 19 
 
to be done and with some clarity of where it needs to lead up to. So we are looking at them, as I 
mentioned to you, we have seen the floats that we have put up, we have also tried out something 
on the wedding occasion piece which is under Red Label, etcetera. So these are all areas that are 
there, but to have substantial enough effect to show impact on the overall business, it does take, 
building over a period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta 
from Jet Age Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Yes, good evening, sir. So I have two questions. One is on the number of the pair of footwear 
that was sold volumes in FY ‘23 and Q1.  
Gunjan Shah: 
I don't have handy, Falguni, the volume exactly, but it was flat over last year. So it's been largely 
volume driven. Basically, as I've mentioned, we have hardly taken any price increase in the last 
about eight months to nine months. So it's been a marginal price, ASP related impact. Blended 
all across, it's been about 1% to 2%. 
Falguni Dutta: 
No, so this is you are mentioning for Q1, right? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, Yes. Is that the question you asked? 
Falguni Dutta: 
Yes, so you are saying that in Q1, the volumes were more or less flat Y-o-Y. Have I understood 
you correctly? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Yes, and another question is like broadly if you can just tell for FY ‘23 full-year, what was the 
number of pair of footwear sold? 
Gunjan Shah: 
About close to 50 million pairs, about 48.4 million. About close to 50 million pairs. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Okay. And sir, another question would be, is it possible to give a broad breakup of, like, Comfit 
would be what percentage of this or sneakers that way? A broad idea? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sneakers is about 20% of our turnover right, Comfit sits at about 7%, in fact 8% now because 
of the growth that we have seen. 
Falguni Dutta: 
And any other any two more categories you can give on the which contribute higher. I mean, I 
just wanted to know broad breakup of the volume of the turnover also will do like you said 20% 
is sneakers. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, Yes. So I don't have it handy but I can give you HushPuppies that fits at about 20%. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Okay. Thank you. And if by chance you have the number for -- can we take this number to be 
more or less flattish or no, no, it will be a bit higher in this volume for the -- if you were to break 
up into quarterly, four quarters, would you have the number for Q1 of last year or can you give 
us some sense? 

 
 
Bata India Limited
 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Gunjan Shah: 
Can I request you, Falguni, to reach out offline to our investor relations and we will try and see 
how best we can understand your question and respond to it. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Sir, would you have their number on the website or else I can just take the number on the call 
phone. 
Gunjan Shah: 
I will reach out and if not available then we will try and respond to you. I don't have it handy 
right now.  
Falguni Dutta: 
Fine sir, if you can just tell me whom to call to and whom to speak to? 
Nitin: 
Falguni, Nitin here, I'll reach out to you. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Fine, fine. Thank you, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes, so thank you everyone for your time and joining us. Looking forward to interacting with 
you again. If you have any further queries, you can direct them to us. We would be happy to 
answer them. Thanks a lot, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: While we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the 
Earnings’ Call, however, this may not be a word-to-word reproduction. 
