 
REF.: BBL/SECT/   
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 8, 2023 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange Of (I) Ltd.,  
Department of Corporate Services, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: BSE- 526849; NSE- BANARBEADS 
 
Sub: Investors Conference Call Transcripts  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached is Investors Conference Call Transcripts held on 7th 
June, 2023 alongwith video recording. This is for your information and record please. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For BANARAS BEADS LIMITED 
 
 
 
(R.K. SINGH) 
COMPANY SECRETARY  
Encl. As above 
 
 
 
RAMESH 
KUMAR 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
RAMESH KUMAR SINGH 
Date: 2023.06.08 14:43:27 
+05'30'

 
 
BANARAS BEADS 
LIMITED 
Q4 FY 2022-23 INVESTORS CONFERENCE CALL 7TH JUNE, 2023 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. RAMESH KUMAR SINGH COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER MR. VINAY KUMAR PIYUSH CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 

 
Ramesh 
Kumar 
Singh 
Good afternoon to all the Investors. Myself R K Singh, Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer of the Company and Moderator for this call meeting. On behalf of Company Banaras 
Beads Ltd, I extend a very warm welcome to everyone for joining this Earnings Conference call of 
the Company on today 7th June, 2023 for 4th Quarter and Year ended 31st March, 2023.  All 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We proudly inform you that during the company has been awarded Niryat Shree – Gold Trophy, 
certificate given by FIEO for outstanding Export performance under Gem and Jewellery Sector-
MSME for F.Y. 2020-21. The said award was given by Hon’ble Minister of Government of India in 
the 17th Set of Niryat Shree Award for MSME for the year 2020-21 
 
Now I would like to handover the call to Mr. Vinay Piyush, CFO to state about the financial
performance of the Company for 4th Quarter and Year ended 31.3.2023.  
Good evening every one, You have seen the in forth quarter the Revenue increased by 198%, at 
Rs. 880.87 lacs compared to Rs. 295.81 lacs in the corresponding period of the previous year and  
Profit after Tax at increased by 52%, at Rs. 57.31 lacs as compared to Rs. 27.40 lacs in the 
corresponding period of the previous year. 
Similarly during the financial year, the Company has delivered a better 
performance and achieved a 7.37% growth.  
 Revenue up by 7.37% at Rs. 2696.94 lacs as compared to Rs. 2511.80 lacs in the corresponding
period of the previous year, but  
 
Profit after Tax down by 12.91% at Rs. 254.34 lacs as compared to Rs. 292.045 lacs in
the corresponding period of the previous year. 
  During the year profit declined  mainly due to decreased in other income.  
The company expect that its turnover and profitability both will be increased incoming 
periods. The Company is not expecting any problem in its ability to service debts and 
other financial arrangement, keeping in view good liquidity position. 

 
Notes: 
1. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Banaras Beads Limited 
 
Vinay 
kumar 
Piyush  
Now  I request to Company Secretary to focus somethings on future plan of the company.  
 Your company is still leading Exporter of Glass Beads, Handicrafts and its related items and having 
biggest market in US of its products. The company procures its order mainly by participating in 
international fares and personal meeting with Foreign Buyers and now started to attend 
fare/meetings with Buyers due to less impact of covid. The company also get order through online 
meetings with Buyers by showing new developed items to procure orders.  
 
We are in process to expand company business in developing, operating and maintaining 
industrial parks, logistic parks, warehouses, infrastructure projects etc. In this regard the company 
has submitted a project of logistic parks, warehouses to develop on its land to the U P 
Government 
Ramesh 
kumar 
Singh  
I now declare the Question- Answer session open for the participants. I 
would now invite Mr. Mohit Gupta to ask his questions. 
 Mr. Mohit Gupta asked question about final dividend in proposed AGM.  
The question was replied by company secretary stated that board not recommended final dividend 
only recommended to confirm interim dividend given @20% for F.Y. 2022-23.        
The other shareholders Mr. Avinash Kumar, Mr. H.N. Srivastava, Mr. Praduman, Mr. Umesh 
Mishra and others were online but not asked any question.  
However some shareholders through e-mail wants to know future prospects of the company.         
Ramesh Kumar 
Singh  
The Company Secretary and CFO suitably given answer of all such questions including 
future prospect as well as new project Ware House of the company. 
Ramesh 
Kumar 
Singh 
Thank you Ladies and Gentlemen. We hope we were able to resolve all the queries. And if at 
all there are any queries that are left unanswered, you may send them to us by Email and we'll 
try to get back to you and answer your queries. 
 
On behalf of Banaras Beads Limited, I conclude this conference call. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
