 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(Formerly Sansera Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Reg Off: No. 143/A, Jigani Link Road, Bangalore-560 105, India, Tel: +91 80-27839081/82/83.  Fax: +91 80-27839309 
E-mail id: info@sansera.in Website: www.sansera.in CIN: L34103KA1981PLC004542 
    
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
 
 
BSE Limited,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
 
 
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400001 
 
Scrip Symbol: SANSERA 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543358 
 
    
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript 
Please find attached a copy of transcript of Earnings call held on May 23, 2023 on audited 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023.    
The above transcript will also be made available on the website of our Company at 
www.sansera.in. 
 
Kindly take the same in your record. 
Thanking you, 
 
for Sansera Engineering Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Kumar Modi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M.No. F5176 
 
 
Encls: a/a  
RAJESH 
KUMAR MODI
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH KUMAR MODI 
Date: 2023.05.30 
13:26:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Sansera Engineering Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2023 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 23rd May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B R PREETHAM – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAVEEN CHAUHAN – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SEEMA SEHGAL - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sansera Engineering Limited Q4 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Seema Sehgal from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Seema Sehgal: 
Thank you, Ranjo. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We have with us 
the management of Sansera Engineering Limited, represented by Mr. B.R. Preetham, Group 
CEO, and Mr. Vikas Goel, CFO, Mr. Praveen Chauhan, COO. Thanks to the management for 
giving us this opportunity to host the call.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to the management for the initial remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome and thanks for joining this call. On this call, I'm 
joined by our CFO, Mr. Vikas Goel, and our COO, Mr. Praveen Chauhan, and our Investor 
Relation Advisor, SGA. The results and the presentations are uploaded on the Stock Exchange 
and the company website. 
I hope everybody has had a chance to look at it. I am pleased to share that we finished another 
year with our best-ever annual performance in terms of top line and profitability metrics. The 
momentum is set to continue as we begin the current fiscal year on a high note. Both the domestic 
and international markets are showing recovery, which bodes well for our auto and non-auto end 
sectors. 
Amongst the key development in the quarter, I'm very proud to share that Sansera has recently 
been certified as a great place to work in India. This certification signifies building and 
sustaining a high-trust, high-performance culture in the company. We continue to be recognized 
by industry for delivery, development, and quality performance and we have received multiple 
awards in this area. 
On the strategic front, we made an investment in MMRFIC, which is a research, design, and 
manufacturing entity, building subsystems for next-generation radars by leveraging machine 
learning with artificial intelligence and millimeter wave sensors with hybrid beam forming 
capabilities. This transaction provides us an opportunity to reinforce a strategy of diversification 
and collaborations. MMRFIC's team of experts and years of R&D experience in the radar space 
sets it apart and made a compelling investment case for us. 
The strategic investment in MMRFIC will help Sansera enter into high-technology space and 
have access to a strong R&D engineering team which can address our priority segment like 
defense and aerospace. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
It has also the potential in telecom and automotive, especially in autonomous driving subsystem 
technologies in the future. This alliance is expected to provide both parties with significant future 
growth prospects. Coming to our performance in the quarter, we registered a 78% increase in 
our auto-tech agnostic and xEV products. The demand for EV two-wheelers is rising at a fair 
clip. Our tech agnostic products are also doing fairly well with good traction in order in flow for 
aluminum forged components. All the three press lines which we have commissioned are fully 
booked now. 
We are also adding another 2,500 ton plus for the aluminum components. This segment 
contributed 11% of sales of which 6% came from auto-tech agnostic products and 5% came from 
xEV products. With the upcoming change in BS norms, our ICE sales registered a marginal 
decline of 3% during the quarter. 
This decline was seen across two-wheelers, three-wheelers, and passenger vehicles. 
Performance for motorcycles was flat whereas xEV registered a growth. This segment 
contributed to about 75% of sales of which 33% sales came from motorcycle segment. Scooters 
accounted for 6% of the top line. Passenger vehicles accounted for 22% of the top line. 
Commercial vehicles, which accounted for 13% of the top line. 
A significant portion of sales has come from our Swedish subsidiary in this segment. In 
commercial vehicles, we witnessed 18% growth on a year-on-year basis and 25% growth on a 
two-on-two basis. I would like to highlight that we have changed our reporting. Previously, we 
used to talk about auto sales mix along with tech agnostic and xEV products. However, numbers 
starting from this quarter pertain to auto ICE only. 
Our non-automotive segment grew by 50% in the quarter. Talking about the sale mix, as guided 
previously, we crossed 900 million milestone for our aerospace and defense business in FY ‘23. 
In this quarter, it contributed about 4.9% of our sales, registering a strong 76% year-on-year 
growth in the quarter. 
With our new facility which is now fully functional, we expect a stronger growth in the coming 
year. Off-road sales were in a region of 4.7%. Demand is coming very strongly for this segment 
as well. Agriculture accounted for 2.5% of the top line and remaining 1.8% of the top line came 
for a few other segments. With all the above put together, non-auto segment contributed to 14% 
of our sales. 
Coming to our order pipeline, as of March 31, 2023, our order book of new business with an 
annual peak revenue stood at INR13.3 billion with auto ICE contributing to INR5.5 billion, 
which is about 41% of the total order book. Auto tech agnostic and xEV adding to 4.3 billion, 
which is about 33% of the total order book. 
I would also like to highlight that for aluminum forged components, we have about 58 
component orders from 13 different customers. And non-auto accounts for about 3.5 billion of 
the order book, which constitute about 26%. This is post our reset. We do reset our numbers at 
the beginning of the year, wherein we would move our products which have started the mass 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
production into the mass production cycle. So the numbers that I told you, which is 13.3 billion 
is post the reset. 
Until a few years ago, we never had a dedicated business development team. However, with our 
entry into newer areas of business, now we have an established business development desk, 
which is proactively involved in securing new businesses, from newer sectors and for the newer 
components as well. And their efforts continue to pay off as we are seeing good order inflows 
across all the sectors. 
Our international order book is also expanding as a result of the momentum in our aerospace 
and defense division. At this point, I would like to take a step back and reflect on our journey. 
Sansera has been in business for four decades, the first three of which were spent establishing a 
leadership position in the ICE area and becoming a major supplier of connecting rods and rocker 
arms for global and domestic players. 
With this position of leadership secured, we started our non-auto journey. In the past few years, 
we have also introduced a variety of tech agnostic and xEV components. With these persistent 
efforts, we have been able to outpace the industry and achieve considerable progress towards 
our long-term vision. I'm glad to share that we have surpassed our estimates with respect to our 
tech agnostic portfolio. As a result, we refocused our vision and raised our long-term sales 
contribution target from xEV and tech agnostic products from 15% to 20%. 
Effectively, over long term, we are looking at an auto ICE contributing to 60% of our top line, 
while 20% each coming from non-auto and xEV and tech agnostic portfolio. Going forward, we 
are geared towards an even better FY ‘24 as domestic business continues to remain healthy and 
on the international side, we are seeing signs of good recovery both on exports as well as our 
international business to our Swedish subsidiaries. I would now hand over the presentation to 
our CFO, Mr. Vikas Goel. Vikas? 
Vikas Goel: 
Thank you, Preetham. Good morning, everyone. Welcome, you all. I will briefly cover about the 
financial performance during the quarter. During Q4 FY ‘23, our total income stood at INR6,230 
million, representing a 7% growth on a year-on-year basis and 10% increase sequentially. If we 
look at our performance on year-on-year basis, domestic markets outpaced the international 
business. However, sequentially, we have seen a recovery in our international business, which 
is a positive development. After experiencing some degrowth in the previous quarters, sales at 
our Swedish facility is now approaching closer to the normal levels. 
The Q4 gross margins at 39%, had an impact of approximately 100 basis points by one-time 
year-end adjustments, including the inventory provisions and some customer-related costs. 
These are one-time and do not represent our run rate margins. Employee expenses saw an 
increase of about 9% on a year-on-year basis, which represents the annual increments and 
volume increases during the quarter as against previous year, in same period. Other expenses at 
INR583 million were in line with the last quarter and represent our run rate. 
Overall, our EBITDA margin for Q4 FY ‘23 stood at about 16.2% versus 17.2% during Q4 FY 
’22 and for the reasons explained in the gross margin section. Finance costs for the quarter 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
increased to INR173 million as compared to INR147 million in the corresponding quarter in FY 
‘22, largely due to an increase in the rate of interest that we have seen over this year and the 
higher working capital borrowings that we had to do for business expansion. Our cash profit 
after tax of INR701 million in Q4 FY ‘23 was stable against the same for last year at INR701 
million. 
In terms of geographic sales mix for Q4 FY ‘23, it stood as follows: India 68.4%, Europe 18.5%, 
USA 9.2% and other foreign regions 3.9%, as a percentage of total revenues. In the next year, 
we are looking at better numbers in terms of international business mix. Looking at the full year 
numbers, as guided in the last quarter, we closed the year at about, with an 18% growth in total 
income amounting to INR23,560 million, which is also the highest revenue ever achieved by the 
company. Our EBITDA stood at INR3,948 million with a margin of 16.8%. This included these 
one-time adjustments that I mentioned in the quarterly section. 
Net profit was INR1,483 million as compared to INR1,319 million in the previous year. We 
generated a cash profit after tax of INR2,784 million versus INR2,516 million in the last year 
and a net cash from operating activities at INR2,558 million, which is 79% of the EBITDA for 
FY ‘23 as against 73% during FY ‘22, which is a healthy cash conversion of profit. On the debt 
front, our net debt stood close to INR6,505 million as on March 2023. 
I am happy to share with you that, the Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of 125% 
of the face value at INR2.5 per share for the financial year 2023. Capex for this year stood at 
INR2,440 million. This was mainly to enhance the technological upgradation and add production 
lines to support our growth in the non-ICE segments. We expect to spend a similar amount in 
the current financial year. On the capex front, we have started construction of a new aluminium 
machining parts facility at our existing plant 11 in Bidadi. This is a Brownfield expansion 
project, which is expected to get completed by the end of this year and it will help us further 
improve our presence in the tech agnostic and xEV segment. With this, we conclude our formal 
presentation and open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Mumuksh Mandalesha from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Thank you, sir, so much for the opportunity, sir. Sir, gross margin was lower this quarter 
sequentially. Can you explain more, what kind of one-offs this was, sir? 
Vikas Goel: 
So, as I explained, there were primarily two types of one-offs. One was the inventory 
provisioning. So, we reviewed our inventory provisioning policy, especially because we used to 
only provide for semi-finished and finished components or rather WIP and finished components. 
We took a more conservative approach and started providing for the raw materials as well, which 
was included in this. Secondly, there were some customer-related costs for previous quarters or 
previous periods, which got identified during this period and adjusted. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Got it. Sir, how different would be the margin and return profile for the aerospace and the 
different segments? Also, similarly, as the mix for techs, agnostic and xEV products are 
increasing, how would the margins and return profile be different for this also? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
B.R. Preetham: 
Hi, Preetham here. So, aerospace and defense, as we have also previously said, are very similar 
to our export margins, where we say that, on a gross margin level, we are about 10% better than 
our domestic mix, which probably translates to about 6% to 7% EBITDA margins, higher 
EBITDA margins compared to our domestic profile.  
So, this would give you – but while defense is a very small portion of the whole mix, primarily, 
currently, the major revenue is coming from the aerospace business, which we expect also to 
have a significant growth this year as well. Now, on tech agnostic and xEV components, as 
previously communicated as well, we follow most of these customers, ours is a mechanical 
forged and machine precision component category. It's no different to our component category, 
which we do for ICE as well. So, we follow the similar activity-based costing, so the margin 
profiles are very similar to our current product portfolios. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Thank you. Sir, how would be the ramp-up of this INR13.3 billion orders over the next few 
years? And since the new orders have a better export share, the margin profile should be better, 
right, sir? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes. See, while we have said that this ramp-up of the – we only declare the peak annual revenue 
of the order book, which translates to, when all these orders mature, this would give an annual 
revenue of INR13.3 billion, which generally takes anywhere between two years to three years 
to, for the full maturity to happen. In our experience, we generally see 30% to 40% of ramp-up 
happening in the first year, about 70% to 75% of the ramp-up achieving in the second year, and 
third year onwards, the full maturity.  
But when I say this, you should also note that, every order has got its different ramp-up cycle. It 
may not follow the same thing. There are domestic orders, which could actually ramp up much 
faster, while some of the defined programs, could take this path. So generally, we say that the 
third year is when, we achieve the full maturity of the products. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Right, sir. And can you share more insight on this MMRFIC technology on the products, and 
how do you see the revenue ramp-up for this business over the next few years? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes. MMRFIC, as I explained, this is primarily an R&D facility. These were started by 
technocrats who came out of primarily from Texas Instruments about seven and a half, eight 
years back. All the promoters are bootstrapped, and they have been working on this technology, 
which has been developed in millimeter-wave radars. This works on between 30 gigahertz to 
110 gigahertz, which is primarily between K&W band. And these technologies are not fully 
available in India. 
Currently, these technologies are being imported either from Russian countries or from Israel or 
from US. So, these are the technologies today which are being used currently by both defense 
and non-defense applications. In the defense application, primarily it is used in the seeking 
application where the radars are used for seeking the targets and then guiding the systems. And 
in the non-defense area, it is also used for surveillance, primarily on perimeter surveillance on 
critical establishments, also used in drone detection technology as well. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Now, it is also used in electronic warfare where primarily prior to any missile that goes, this 
radar goes, detects all the ground-based radars and generally neutralizes them, and then the 
warhead follows. So, it is primarily used in the EWA application as well. But these are very, 
very high technologies which are being developed from last four to five years. Most of the 
components of the radar are already mill-tested, and it is expected to go on field testing towards 
the end of this year. 
We expect that mass production of these would commence from next financial, towards the 
middle or end of the next year, next calendar year. We expect that MMRFIC would start 
generating meaningful revenues between 18 months and 24 months. We’ve also identified their 
technology, the second radar which I spoke about, which is used for perimeter surveillance and 
surveillance. In this, some channels of this could be used for altimeters, which are used primarily 
in all the aircrafts in the space application, as well as drones and missile applications, a wide 
variety of applications. 
We have a very good client base on aerospace, so we would work with them to find out a 
collaboration between our existing customers and MMRFIC. And we also see potential going 
forward because most of the automobile companies are also working on radar with vision for 
the future generation of autonomous driving. So, we are very excited about this collaboration, 
and with Sansera's management capabilities and wide network of customer base, we expect that 
this collaboration would be very fruitful. Thank you. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Thank you, sir. The last question is only capex, what would be capex, FY24, sir? 
Vikas Goel: 
Capex for ‘24 will be approximately similar, as I mentioned, about in the range of INR250 
crores, and this will again be spearheaded by projects which will help us to deliver the new order 
book, mostly in the areas of non-auto, auto non-ICE categories. 
Mumuksh Mandalesha: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants that you may 
press star and 1 to ask a question. Also, to all the participants, please restrict yourself to two 
questions. Next question comes from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question again on the margin side. So, like you said, 
there were a couple of one-time costs in the quarter…  
B.R. Preetham: 
Siddhartha, could you be please, a bit louder, please? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Is it better now, sir? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, yes, better. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
So, I was checking on this cost side. So, will it be possible to indicate, cumulatively how much 
percentage all these costs put together have come in the quarter or is one-time? 
Vikas Goel: 
It was approximately, slightly above 1% for the quarter. And if you spread it across, the impact 
in terms of annual margin rates would be about 25 basis points if you look at. So, we reported 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
about 16.8 on a full year basis as an EBITDA margin. And if you just add it back, it would be a 
little over 17% from that point of view. On a full year basis. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. So slightly more than 1% would have been the impact for the current quarter? 
Vikas Goel: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And will it be possible to highlight, in the coming years, you said obviously one sector will be 
exports, which will have better margins, where our growth will be better. So, any color on the 
margin side overall, how much should we expect improvement from the adjusted current levels? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes. So, while we had indicated that, the overall exports for us would have, see, in the year 
FY’22, I think the total international sale and Sansera exports from Sansera India almost was 
close to 37%. While in FY’23, it declined to about 28.4% or 28.5%. So, this was a significant 
reduction in the last year.  
While the second quarter, I mean quarter four, we were very close to about 31%, which shows 
that from a full year perspective to the Q4, the recovery has already started in the export segment. 
Generally, if you look at it, our exports grows faster than our domestic, on a normal year, our 
export, because our order wins also indicates the same, that we have better export mix in the 
new orders. 
So, this year, we expect that we should be very close to between 32.5% and 33% on a full year 
basis. So, this also would mean that on a full year basis, our margins will be better because 
exports, as I said, that comes with a higher gross margin and higher EBITDA margin. So, we 
expect overall about 50 basis points to 55 basis points on a full year basis improvement coming 
from better export mix. And this would also mean that even our domestic is quite strong. We 
expect this year to be a quite stable year in terms of even two-wheeler performance. 
Our EV portfolio is also growing. tech agnostic products, new businesses are growing. So, we 
expect that our utilization will be better and which would also give us operational efficiency 
advantage as well. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Sir, second question is on the order win side. So, you have indicated the order book for 
the year-end. Will it be possible to highlight how much new orders you have added in the current 
quarter in Q4? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Q4 Yes, it would be possible because I will just give you that number while, because we do reset 
the previous, every year we do reset the, Yes, approximately about INR2 billion worth of orders 
has been added in the Q4, which has resulted in an overall order book post the reduction to about 
INR13.3 billion. Because we have moved whatever has come into mass production as of 31st 
March out of the new order book and only retained the orders which have yet to start  commercial 
production. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And possible to highlight what all segments will this new order be pertained to? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Pardon me? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
What all segments have you got these new orders? For aerospace or what segments? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, yes, see out of the total, the thing almost 18%. Yes, approximately about, for this quarter 
or the full year, you want to have the year-ending? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Only for this quarter. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes. Okay. So the exports, we got about 52% and 48% was for the domestic or the other way, 
52% was domestic and 48% was the exports. In this autoICE, was about 28 plus 19, that's about 
47% out of the total order book. Auto tech agnostic was about 13%. Auto xEV is about 17% and 
non-automotive was about 24%.  
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay, okay, understood. 
Vikas Goel: 
So it's about 47 for auto-ICE and 53% for non-auto-ICE. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Non-auto-ICE and tech agnostic. It's widely spread out, not like... 
B.R. Preetham: 
No, no, no, it is quite widely spread out and I would say that even in auto-ICE, it is primarily 
coming from, you know, passenger vehicles and commercial vehicle segments. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay, okay. So I mean, for this year, should we expect, because now our aerospace plant is also 
up and running, so most of the order we will target from aerospace, will that be a fair assumption 
for this year? And lastly, for capex, we wanted to know, I mean, in terms of the mix of 2.5 
billion, how will it be spread across tech agnostic EVs and ICE? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Sid, can you repeat this question, the last question? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
The capex, capex of 2.5 billion, how will it be spread across your tech agnostic EVs and ICE 
portfolio? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, see, as we have already said that most of our, you know, more than 75% of our capex is 
going into the new sectors, which is primarily for, you know, aerospace, tech agnostic and xEV 
components. Now, we have also taken up construction of a new brownfield facility, about a lakh 
and 50,000 square foot of building area, which is primarily focused on aluminum forged and 
machined components. And, you know, this is primarily because we already have a lot of orders 
on aluminum from the number of customers and products, it's almost approximately about 85 
different components from almost, you know, 13, 14 customers across the two-wheeler and 
passenger vehicle segment. 
And this also includes, you know, some prominent passenger vehicle names from Europe as 
well. Our expectation is that we have also initiated a procurement of a brand new 4,000-ton press 
line, which would again, primarily 50% of the capacities would be used for heavy engines, which 
goes into, you know, stationary engines, heavy commercial vehicles, as well as construction 
equipment as a thing. And 50% of the capacities would be kept for bigger aluminum 
components, which would either go into, you know, chassis and frame of the two-wheelers or 
into the passenger vehicle application. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
So most of our capex is focused on the new generation components. If you have seen or observed 
SID, the last three big plans that we have constructed, first one was for electric and hybrid 
components. Second one was for aerospace and defense. And the third one now we are putting 
it up for aluminum forgedand machine. So in the last two to three years, our focus has been on 
this, while we are doing pretty well on improving our utilization on our existing portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Bera, we request that you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. 
Next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And, sir, my question is on the debt side. If I compare from FY19 
to till now, we are, you know, on a higher level. During FY20 to FY21, we reduced somehow. 
But again, we are coming, you know, on a higher-level debt. So what’s your view on that? 
Vikas Goel: 
So basically, the two years that you mentioned about FY20 and FY21, or rather FY21, this was 
a period of also a degrowth for us, the only year in the history of the company. And we also 
clamped down on the capital investment because of a lot of changes happening in the industry. 
This also happened to be the period where, I mean, post-recovery of COVID, when we were 
able to, again, improve utilization of our equipment. 
But for enabling the growth, we have, and also as a result of the huge amount of order inflows 
that we are seeing now, we are required to invest heavily in terms of building capacities and 
especially for the non-traditional areas of non-ICE and non-auto components, which is actually 
resulting in this higher capex and, of course, in a slightly higher debt. We expect the debt to 
remain around this level for some more period, although the debt metrics will continue to 
improve. If you look at net debt to equity or net debt to EBITDA, those metrics will continue to 
improve as we move forward because this is being procured to fuel the growth in the coming 
periods. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. And, sir, my next question, second question is on the revenue front. Earlier, 
as we have guided 15% to 17% growth, which we did pretty well, 18% in FY23. So what’s our 
view for further FY24-25? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Madam, as I had seen, if you look at our business model, we have built quite a resilient business 
model. FY22 was a weak domestic market despite all the COVID pressures, weak domestic 
market. We were able to grow because we did very well on our export front. Now, looking at 
FY23, FY23 was, as we had expected, because of Ukraine war, energy crisis, continued chip 
crisis, the export was much weaker from our overall contribution of 37% of our revenue from 
international business. 
It came down to almost 28%. So despite that, we registered a healthy growth of almost about 
17%. Now, going forward this year, we have already seen recovery in exports. We are looking 
at a much stronger performance in our non-auto business, which also is expected to grow at 
about 50%, especially aerospace, on a year-on-year basis. With all these things, we are quite 
confident, both domestic and exports, to do well. And we expect that we will do better than 
FY23 in terms of percentage growth. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, thank you. And sir, if you can update us about the plan that we have planned to coming 
up by 25 in North America on a lease basis, initially. 
B.R. Preetham: 
The plans are quite underway. We have just, again, we have had some more visits to some 
potential sites. We expect that towards the quarter three of this year, we would finalize the place 
and commence, you know, taking steps towards establishing this facility, which would be a lease 
front. We expect that this would be the first step towards, you know, setting up some 
manufacturing portion of this, because now strategically what we have decided is to cater to 
specific customer requests.  
We would put up final operations, including assembly and, you know, inspection and few final 
operations there, while we would cater majority of forging and machining, green machining 
from India. So with that strategy in mind, we expect that towards Q3, we should finalize the 
space and the place to start. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vinod from SKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vinod: 
Hello, good morning. Good morning. Yes, my first question is answered about the exports. I just 
want to ask about, can you give some color on how the aerospace business is going on and have 
you received any major orders in that area? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, aerospace business is, as I said, that after two years of lull, it has done pretty well last year. 
Last year, our aerospace went up by almost 50%. And we expect a similar growth or slightly 
higher growth this year as well. We have confirmed orders for that. Post next year also, we 
expect that we already have a visibility of close to about $12 million, which is out of which very 
few are expected to add to the revenue for this year. So we are looking at a very, very strong 
growth coming from aerospace in FY ‘24 as well as FY ‘25. 
Now to cater to these growth, we have already set up a new manufacturing facility in anticipation 
of this. We are also working on several new initiatives, including we have recently concluded 
on appointing a very dedicated senior person for Europe region who is based out of Toulouse. 
And he is going to be focusing on, working with European customers and aerospace. So for us, 
aerospace, we expect that this new facility, we should be able to fully utilize in FY ‘26, wherein, 
once it is fully utilized, it should give us a revenue of anywhere between INR350 crores to 
INR400 crores. 
Vinod: 
Yes, perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Shah from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes, thank you. Good morning, sir. So my first question is primarily on the Sweden business. 
So if I look at the quarterly numbers consolidated minus standalone on a sequential basis, even 
though our revenues have come in better, our profitability has gone up. And even on a Y-o-Y 
basis, our profitability seems to have taken a bit of a hit. So can you let us know what exactly is 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
happening in this Sweden operation and at what level of utilization can we expect this 
profitability to improve? That's the first question. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, the Sweden, Vaibhav, we had said that last year, FY ‘23, Sweden would see a de-growth 
because of a change in business strategy from our principal customer. While on a few of the 
programs, we were a single source and a few of the programs, another competitor was a single 
source. So to de-risk the business, they wanted to allocate 30% of our business to them and 30% 
of their business to us. While our product categories was a mass production number, so they 
wanted to take up that first. So 30% of our products was given to them. 
And in this year, we would get 30% of theirs, which we have already started. So in Sweden, 
while all the fixed overheads remained intact, so this resulted in a dilution of margin. And we 
expect that this year, most of it will be recovered. And we are taking up some more cost 
improvement initiatives as well. So with that, we expect we would be back to about 7% to 8% 
percent EBITDA and probably towards the last quarter, we should be able to reach towards a 
double-digit EBITDA in this year. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Thank you. Sure. That's helpful. The second question is on the order book. So you have 
highlighted that for the March quarter, we have a new order, annual peak revenue of $13.3 
Billion. I just wanted to know that, is there any orders which are probably being closed or are 
they going down because of this easy shift which is happening in 2W or probably shifted? So 
what is the net order? I mean, the annual new orders you have given, but are there any orders 
which are being closed down and which have not been renewed? And the net order book, if you 
can highlight. 
B.R. Preetham: 
You mean on our regular business, what has been closed down? Is that the question or in the 
new order book, have we lost anything? Is that the question, Vaibhav? I'm a bit confused. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
On the regular business. 
B.R. Preetham: 
See, generally, the regular business, this order book does not include any of the replacement 
business. So if there is a model change which is going out and we are nominated for the newer 
model which will replace the existing model, we do not take that into our new order book 
because that's only a replacement business. When we mean new orders, it would be only, just to 
give you an example, if Maruti recently introduced Jimny. Jimny is a new order for us where 
this would be added into the new order book. While the new Alto is replacing the old Alto, so 
that would not come into the new order book. So except for one component, which is a rocker 
arm for Maruti, which was going in F8D and G10 engines which got replaced with a newer K-
series engine, after almost four decades of supply to Maruti, in March we did our last rocker 
arms for Maruti. 
So, it's kind of a historic day for us because this component was the first component that we 
started and it lasted for almost four decades where we were, for most of the three, more than 
three decades we were single supplier to Maruti as a 100% share of business. So apart from that, 
nothing else has ended. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. So this, we should take it as a fully new order and no replacement orders. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
B.R. Preetham: 
Absolutely. Whenever we say that new order books, it only means that these are additional 
orders, nothing to do with model replacements. If we get any of the model replacements, it would 
only go as a replacement. It doesn't come into the new order. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood. And my last question is on the exports. So can you highlight what the export mix? 
I mean, between autos or probably autos and non-autos for us. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Export mix for the previous year or export mix for the coming year? What was the question? 
Vaibhav Shah: 
I mean, if there is a significant change and you can highlight for both FY ‘23 and what it should 
be for FY ‘24? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Exports for FY ‘23 was close to about 28.4% of our product sales was from international sales, 
out of which about 21.7% was from sales from India and 6.7% was primarily international sales, 
which is coming from Sweden plant. And this 28.4% would go up to 32.5%. Primarily, all the 
growth is coming from exports from India. And this also includes a  very strong aerospace. As 
I said that aerospace we are expecting almost close to 60% growth this year. 
Also, there is aluminum forged and machined components, which has started commercial 
production, which is being exported to Europe. So all these are going to result into a much better 
export mix for the coming year. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Right. I was also looking at the export mix within this 28%... 
B.R. Preetham: 
Within the exports for the FY23 so can I come back to you with that answer towards the end of 
my thing? I will answer that question. I will just pick up the numbers and tell you. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes, sure. Thank you. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Yes. Good morning, sir. I just wanted to check how soon can we achieve this 20% margin 
trajectory in terms of EBITDA margins? So is it something on the cards over the next two years, 
is it something which we endeavor to achieve? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Absolutely. We have taken up company-wide program for 20-20-20 on the three 20s that we are 
working on. Of course, we would like to maintain 20% CAGR growth, 20% ROCE and 20% 
EBITDA margin. We are quite confident that, as you rightly said, that with the current order 
book and the current market scenario, not accounting for any unexpected thing, we should be 
able to progress towards that. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. So by FY ‘25, we should expect us to clock 20% margins, is it something? 
B.R. Preetham: 
I would really like that to happen while we are all working very focused towards achieving that. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. Secondly, sir, coming to some of the data points that you shared in slide number six, so 
is it fair to assume that you underperformed the domestic auto industry, auto-ICE industries by 
going just 9% whereas the industry grew roughly a higher double digit? 
B.R. Preetham: 
Which slide are you referring to? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
I am referring to slide number six. When you mentioned auto-ICE growth for us being 9%, right? 
Whereas in the industry, you held a double digit this year. 
B.R. Preetham: 
So please do understand, this also includes our de-growth in exports. Because while the 
significant de-growth has come from auto-ICE in exports in the previous year, while our 
domestic growth in auto-ICE has been very healthy, if you would like to understand what is our 
domestic growth in auto-ICE, I will just give you that number. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Yes. 
Vikas Goel: 
Basically, if you look at our growth in the domestic markets for automotive markets, we grew 
our business by about 29% in absolute terms. Yes, 29% in two-wheelers, 39% in passenger 
vehicles, almost flat in commercial vehicles and marginal negative in three-wheelers. So both 
these are relatively smaller percentages in the overall revenue. But broadly, if you see two-
wheelers and passenger vehicles, average growth is about 29%. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Right, sir. And lastly, coming about auto-ICE share of revenues between two-wheelers, 
passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles. So it's more tilted  towards two-wheelers, right? 
And the contribution from passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles has declined. So is this 
the direction that we're heading to or there's a one-off? And even there, the exports have played 
a component. 
Vikas Goel: 
No, so basically, I would like to put it slightly differently. The share from passenger vehicles 
has not declined. Rather, the share from two-wheelers has increased because we added a new 
customer during the FY ‘22, which got matured volumes during FY ‘23, which has actually 
improved the share of two-wheelers, which is one of the prominent OEMs in the Indian market, 
which was not our customer earlier. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Yes, as you rightly said, one is that and second thing is there is an impact on exports also. The 
exports, passenger vehicle contribution is significantly higher. But you would see that this year, 
with addition of matured business from Tata Motors, which we had added towards the second 
half of the last year, and a better export mix, the passenger vehicle returns would be quite healthy 
this year. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. And wish you all the best. 
B.R. Preetham: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer-session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
B.R. Preetham: 
Thank you very much for all your patience, hearing and all the questions. And, I would just like 
to say that while we have taken up the sector expansion, as I said that we have built a business 
which is quite resilient. And with the current positive growth story coming from both domestic 
and exports, and all our newer plants are coming into fully operational mode, we expect with 
better utilization this year would be a much stronger year in terms of growth as well as in terms 
of margin. So we look forward for meeting you all people again. And any clarifications on 
questions that you would have, you could reach out to our IR partners SGA or directly to us. 
Thank you again and wish you all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
