 
Orient Cement Limited 
Corporate Office: Birla Tower, 3rd fl, 25 Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001, India.   011 42092100 
Registered Office: Unit VIII, Plot No.7, Bhoinagar, Bhubaneshwar, Odisha 751012, India. www.orientcement.com    
 
CIN No: L26940OR2011PLC013933 
 
 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited    
New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort   
Mumbai-400001    
Security Code: 535754                       
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C-1, Block G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: ORIENTCEM 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Conference Call for the quarter ended             
June 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
  
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated August 3, 2023, sharing the audio link of 
the investors/analysts Conference Call, held to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, on Thursday, August 3, 2023,                        
at 3:00 P.M. (IST).  
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforementioned 
investors/analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript 
is also available on the 
website 
of the Company, 
www.orientcement.com. You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Orient Cement Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria 
(Company Secretary) 
 
Encl.: as stated 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI BISARIA 
Date: 2023.08.10 
17:53:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Orient Cement Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NAVIN SAHADEO - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DEEPAK KHETRAPAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - ORIENT CEMENT LIMITED 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY2024 earnings conference call of 
Orient Cement Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Sahadeo from 
ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you! 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you Yashashri. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities I welcome 
you all to the Q1 FY2024 earnings call of Orient Cement. From the management we have 
with us MD and CEO, Mr. Deepak Khetrapal, so without any further ado I hand over the 
call to Mr. Khetrapal for his opening comments followed by interactive Q&A. Over to you 
Sir! 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you Navin and good afternoon all the participants who already joined in. I am told 
that number is still going up, but I think we do not want to keep the people who joined in 
time waiting, so a very warm welcome to this earnings call. Happy to have you here and 
thankful to all of you to take time out and listen to us. In terms of I think the Q1 FY2024 
performance the most important thing that I would first like to start with which was actually 
towards the end of my call that I did on Q4 where I had already indicated that this Q1 on the 
surface is likely to look soft. I had sort of in a way made the disclosure three months ago 
itself and this is how it spans out and I am using the word carefully it looks like it is softer 
and I think the number that you have seen, you would have actually seen that while we are 
reporting a very strong growth in volumes in terms of EBITDA obviously the numbers look 
a little soft so here is the perspective which I started building last quarter itself, so we 
actually went through the planned shutdown of the kiln at Chittapur at Gulbarga that is the 
only kiln and that plant is very far away from everything else. So the maintenance shutdown 
of that kiln actually has a lot more impact on our operations compared to anything else and 
this particular year we have done the maintenance of the kiln and the supporting equipment 
after nearly 23 months because the last shutdown of that kiln was actually in April 1921 
(Company Comments : Please read 2021), which is unheard of in the cement industry 
including the suppliers of the equipment were surprised how we managed to sort of keep 
working with the same kiln without doing the shutdown and replacement of the factory for 
that long, but I think that is something that we take a great amount of pride in but at the 
same time what happened was by the time we decided to take the shutdown it was also a 
time in the market Q1 typically happens to be buoyant quarter but we were left with no 
option having run it for nearly 23 months I do not think we could have taken any further 
risk with it so we finally took the maintenance shutdown in April. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Like I said the impact of that on our books obviously is the one what is euphemistically 
called annual shutdown actually most of the industry does it in about 270 days of running, 
but since it is done on an average once in a year it is called annual I cannot call it annual 
because we have actually done it after nearly two years, so it has bunched up cost that 
happens the entire refractories gets replaced, all the other equipments are overhauled and 
are repaired so it is a fairly large cost that hits the books of the company in one particular 
month whereas the benefits of that obviously flow into the rest of the year that is why it is 
called the annual shutdown. I think that’s one part of the framework that we have to 
remember. For us the other challenge was because not only did we have for example, if we 
do the same maintenance at Devapur we do not have other complications because we have 
three kilns and we can plan the inventories of both clinker and cement so that we do not see 
much of a problem in availability of cement but around the Chittapur plant, earlier also I 
mentioned last quarter I had told you that we had actually worked at a capacity which was 
higher than the capacity which was given under the consent to operate document that we 
have, so where the demands were buoyant and more importantly some of the customers 
who have become very heavily dependent on our cement because their processes are run 
with our quality of cement we did not have the option to let them down and as a result of 
that we did not regret any of our large loyal customers. Actually, every single bag of cement 
that they needed every single ton of cement that they needed we made sure that we make 
available to them. That we could do when the kiln at Chittapur was shut only by 
transporting clinker from our other plant which is in Telangana, Devapur as we keep calling 
it. So obviously there is a huge amount of I would say movement of clinker that we had to 
make. Totally nearly 72,000 tonnes of clinker was used at Chittapur which was actually 
produced in Devapur in the month of April besides the inventory that we have already built 
up at Chittapur. It is a matter of pride for us that our customers who depends on us we 
managed to meet their entire demand and we took the costs as a part of remaining in the 
market, maintaining our relationship with the customers, so those relationships have been 
become stronger and every customer was aware that our kiln was not there and clinker was 
not available, but they know that no matter what it costed to us we met the entire demand, 
which I am sure goes towards strengthening our relationship with those customers even 
further. If you read our annual report, we keep talking about responsibility, we keep talking 
about agility, so all those things we actually demonstrate not just talking within ourselves in 
the company, but our customers get to see it all the time, so which is something that we do 
take a great amount of pride in. At the same time some of the markets which in the overall 
process falls somewhere between our Telangana plant and our Gulbarga Karnataka plant, 
we also decided to service those markets directly from the Telangana plant, although they 
are closer to our Chittapur plant which means our logistics cost per ton also gets a little 
distorted for the time that we made these rearrangements. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
So with all these challenges we have reported as you have already noticed the volume 
growth over last year of 15%, sequentially yes, there is a degrowth of 7% but that I believe 
all of us do expect that Q4 numbers are always the highest and Q1 while it trails Q4 but it 
does not quite become a Q4, so 7% degrowth there and I would say we obviously have seen 
the industry numbers, some of the players have reported higher growths, but I believe those 
higher growths are being reported courtesy the new capacity that has got added during the 
year. I do not think from the same facility, same capacities people are achieving the kind of 
growth that we have reported, subject to correction that is my impression. Now the part 
which I think the investors would certainly not be happy because we are also not happy that 
despite such strong demand the prices in the market actually have stayed flattish with a little 
bit I would say softer bias, as a result of that some of the initiatives that I have been talking 
about in the past in terms of repositioning of our brand in terms of also moving up the sales 
of our premium products both StrongCrete and OrientGreen now, courtesy of all of that Y-
O-Y we have managed to maintain our realisations almost there. We are a shade under 
Rs.5200 a tone which is flat over last year but what I understand some people are actually 
taken by surprise that Q-on-Q we have reported a higher realization than we had in the 
preceding quarter that is Q4. Now this obviously has enabled us to report also a revenue 
growth of 15% and the sequential shrinkage in the rupees terms, in terms of turnover we 
managed to contain up to 6% against the loss of revenue or the decrease in revenue over 
7%, so that is on the sales and the volume side, but on the maintenance and freight cost I 
have already mentioned the impact that is there. The EBITDA for the quarter which has 
shown I think it was 103 Crores it is flat over last year while on the surface as I said this 
might look a little soft, but if you actually account for the fact and make a more apple-to-
apple comparison I am not saying the costs are normal. Please do not misunderstand me 
these costs are not abnormal kiln maintenance costs are normal part of the operations of the 
company. It is just that in the book it gets booked in one month and one quarter and for us 
that one quarter happens to be rather big, so I am highlighting that part, but typically I 
would say if I was to look at total costs of maintenance and transportation of clinker and the 
impact of realigning some of the customers with the Telangana plant instead of Chittapur 
plant which is closer our total cost for the quarter would be just on that above 20 cores for 
the quarter and also the other thing that we had mentioned that we would actually engage 
the services of McKinsey to do a certain amount of validation of our investment hypothesis 
doing a little bit of more market research in terms of how we are faring with competition in 
those individual markets so that cost also has been booked in the same quarter. So, the 20 
plus crores actually, 23-24 Crores, little bit of distortion please do not take that (inaudible) 
10:38. The transportation cost increased clinker transport from Devapur to Chittapur is a 
one-off cost that is not going to be repeated, but the maintenance costs are part of the cycle 
of the cement industry so I am just reminding people that we need to remember despite 
taking nearly 25 Crores in additional costs over last year same quarter we still are reporting 
flat EBITDA so that is something that I thought I will just highlight here. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
What would surprise you and I know because typically the commentary in the market by all 
the investors and all of you analysts also has been around the fact that the international fuel 
prices are low and so we should benefit and that would surprise you when you see that our 
fuel prices over let us say sequentially they are not that much down and even over June 
2022 that means Y-O-Y also they are not looking as low as we should have expected right 
given the softening of international fuel prices. I am emphasizing the word international 
because while the international fuel prices both coal and pet coke have definitely dropped 
what we have to remember is in the meantime the domestic coal prices have actually gone 
up and the fact of the matter is I am sure many plants in the industry in India are still using / 
dependent on coal which is being supplied by Coal India and Singareni Collieries and other 
Indian companies. In our case as most of you have been attending our calls, we have been 
informing you that our Devapur plant in Telangana because of its proximity to Singareni 
Coal Mines depends almost entirely on domestic coal whereas the Karnataka Chittapur 
plant that runs more or less entirely on the pet coke so the mix of different fuels for two 
different plants is the reason behind the improvement in fuel cost not being visible. Please 
remember in April our Chittapur plant was shut so the overall pet coke consumed there was 
lower so savings at Chittapur itself became lower because nearly a month out of three we 
did not use pet coke. On top of that the additional clinker that we transported 72,000 tonnes 
or thereabouts that was actually produced at Devapur where we use more domestic coal or 
exclusive domestic coal, so the nuances are important to see behind the numbers. Our 
proportion of domestic coal consumption went up in this particular quarter, which if you 
compare the domestic coal prices, they have actually gone up during the year by 17 to 18% 
over the same quarter last year. If you make a similar comparison with Chittapur obviously 
the pet coke prices are lower by 14% for the quarter, now these are actual prices. Domestic 
prices are up 17-18% coal prices and international pet coke prices as we received in March 
are down by about 14% so which is a fact, and which is there but it is not getting reflected 
in power and fuel costs which should have been softer and the second reason which is 
important also to remember is that this is a combination of power and fuel, two states 
during this particular quarter Maharashtra and also Karnataka they have changed their 
prices on the grid power and despite having solar power at Jalgaon and despite having our 
captive power plant in Chittapur, we do have some committed loads from the grid because 
just in case of any failure we do not want to be completely powerless so we obviously make 
a certain commitment to the government, to the state electricity board and they keep us 
connected and they have fairly steep fixed charges which we still have to incur even if we 
do not draw enough or any power from them and those costs have actually been increased 
during this quarter. So, power costs have gone up, coal including for CPC has gone up that 
is all domestic coal and as a result of that, the power and fuel number I thought needed a 
little bit of explanation. So, I have taken a few extra minutes just to explain to you why that 
looks the way it looks. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Obviously, the impact of international fuel prices has got blunted with the plant mix in this 
particular quarter and with the coal and the fuel mix that we have had to use. If you are 
curious about the number at our Devapur plant the overall fuel costs not counting power, 
the fuel cost for the kiln they are down to about 1925 per million kilocalories and down by 
nearly 9% and at Chittapur on landed cost million kilocalories basis they are down about 
12%. The power and fuel cost put together is up despite this and that is led by the fuel mix 
that we have had to use. In the raw material side, the transportation costs for transport of 
clinker has been parked obviously as accounting norms are in the raw materials because we 
use the landed cost of raw material, so some costs are parked in the raw material also and 
besides that obviously some gypsum and fly ash costs also have gone up both on Y-O-Y 
and quarter-on-quarter basis. Also there has been a little bit of difficulty in improving our 
alternative fuels on which we are beginning to depend a lot more but in the last quarter we 
did not get as much supply of alternative fuels as we would have wanted to as a result of 
that what I reported 13% being the AFR percentage for us in the previous quarter has 
actually been a little less at 12% and the renewable power that we have used at Jalgaon is as 
high as 64% in this particular quarter. The benefit that we are seeing in the solar power that 
we are buying at Jalgaon now has obviously has encouraged us to invest more in the supply 
of captive solar power for which you would have seen we have made announcement a few 
weeks ago. We have signed a new agreement to add another 21 odd megawatts of solar 
power in captive capacity basis on which we acquired over 28% of the SPV company which 
we will be setting it up and that agreement is signed with the company called Cleantech 
Solar, which is Singapore based it happens to be a joint venture of Shell, the oil company 
and we got very, very competitive rates when it comes to setting up and supply of solar 
power, which they have committed to start supplying to us in about 9 months from the time 
we sign the agreement. So these are the broad highlights for the quarter, another highlight 
for the quarter at least we internally in the company feel very good about it because it is 
more about the kind of company we are, and we want to be. In the quarter not this quarter 
we received a little while ago, the certification continuously for many years now again as a 
great place to work with the scores, which actually are surprisingly in the 90s already nearly 
every single employee working with the company participating in the survey process. So, 
we are a great place to work again certified not only that we jumped, let’s say last year we 
are just outside the top 100 companies in India this year we have got the rank of 70th 
company in the ranking, which includes all companies which undertake this survey, and we 
are the only company from the cement industry in the top 100 list. We are delighted because 
we take huge amount of pride in our culture; the way we are as an organisation and our 
annual reports every year that we send out we do try and introduce the story of Orient 
Cement as an organization beyond what we do as a business and I am sure all of you would 
have seen this year’s annual report as well and we continued the theme of being responsible 
and being agile. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
The theme of responsibility actually is further amplification of I would say our effort that 
we made in terms of launching another premium brand OrientGreen as all of you know we 
have launched that a few months ago and that cement is called the responsible cement for 
the responsible consumer and the sense of responsibility we wanted to link it to what else 
we do and that is why the annual report theme is completely aligned with who we are and 
what we do including being a great place to work for people and that is the reason as a 
result we are having perhaps excellent collection of top talent from the cement industry who 
is proud to be working here. On the customer mix side there is always curiosity and valid 
curiosity so I may give you the answer before the question gets asked. In this quarter also 
the B2C demand has remained soft, if we have achieved the large amount of growth it has 
actually come from the B2B demand and again largely to large infrastructure projects where 
we continue to be a preferred customer and also fairly large number of the ready-mix plant 
operators who want our cement more and more. As a result, the good news here is that in 
the past OPC in terms of contribution wise it was not as accretive as PPC or blended 
segment, but fortunately with a good quality and good demand and good relationship with 
the customers, we are transparent with them on our costing and we are making sure that the 
contributions on the OPC that we sell from Chittapur actually in no way less than the PPC 
contribution so that is the reason why we will encourage to keep making OPC more. Most 
of the time we were earlier not selling that much OPC simply because the contributions 
there used to fall below PPC but for us now last few quarters consecutively including this 
quarter our contributions of OPC sold at Chittapur are higher than PPC. So, we continue to 
sort of in a way accept those orders and keep selling. 
 
In terms of the B2C sales obviously inversely saying B2B, the B2C sales which last year 
around this time was 56% is only 44% being B2B. This quarter we have seen the B2C 
actually are falling to 47% with 53% being B2B which is like I said beyond 50% we never 
expect it to go, but if the contributions keep coming in, I think we are okay. It still has one 
side effect, and that side effect is that it consumes more of clinker, and we have a consent to 
operate limitation on the clinker that we can produce, so we are very well aware of that 
pressure and hopefully we will have solutions for that like we had last year also but in terms 
of contributions we are doing fine there. With OPC as a percentage, customer mix I have 
already given you it is 47% B2C or rather trade sales and 53% B2B. On the product mix 
OPC is 45% in this quarter which was 41% last year. So, some B2B sales also happened 
with PPC that is the indication, so it is not exactly equivalent of the B2B demand. In the 
B2C market as I mentioned despite the fact it keeps remaining slow we are happy about one 
aspect that is, in the lower B2C demand also our premium products put together 
StrongCrete and OrientGreen actually have 34% year-on-year growth, if we add volumes of 
StrongCrete and OrientGreen in this quarter over the same quarter last year we are up by 
34% and the premium products today are forming 20% and over. We have just started 
crossing 20% overall in premium product sales of our B2C volumes. This is despite the fact 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
that our B2C volume sequentially actually have dropped 7.5%. It basically means that our 
value proposition of premium products continues to be attractive to our customers and we 
expect our revenues and volumes from the premium products to keep rising, keep helping 
us overcome the challenge of market prices which remain under pressure most of the time 
and obviously for that maintaining our positioning well if there are some compromises, I 
call them investments or sacrifices we have made in the volume that we sell because we still 
refuse many orders which do not give us a certain price that we demand and a certain 
contribution that we demand so that strategy is unwavering. The net-net I think implication 
of what I told you about OPC-PPC mix, it basically means that Chittapur once again will be 
under pressure towards the end of the year to meet the OPC demand given the consent to 
operate. We are hopeful that with the new applications that we have moved for additional 
capacity creation if those approvals are in hand, then the consent to operate limitation of 
Chittapur will not apply because the new approval will come with a higher permission to us 
to do more mining and more production of clinker. So, we are trying to solve that problem 
on a proactive basis, but it does mean that we need to get those permissions and the moment 
we get the permission as you know we also want to start the construction activity at 
Chittapur for the second line that we have planned already. 
 
Other important I would say update which I must share with you our waste heat recovery 
plant which quite honestly we were expecting that we will get the power before end of June 
it has suffered a few more weeks of delay because of some additional problem that cropped 
up when we started commissioning it, but the good news is it is now in the final stages of 
commissioning on what they call the steam blowing which has to happen for 50-60 times 
every day we are trying that. So hopefully we assume, expecting now that within the next 
couple of weeks, within the month of August the waste heat recovery plant will start giving 
us a large amount of power. Actually, this waste heat recovery plant has two different 
segments to it. The major power comes from the heat which we take from the cooler to the 
kiln and some part also from the preheater. So, preheater part which is nearly 20% maybe 
delayed by another four weeks but within August we should get the power from at least the 
cooler waste heat and as we always anticipate the savings from this are going to be about 3 
Crores plus per month, so it is a very, very important project for us to commission at this 
stage.  The fly ash rake handling system that we had said earlier is operational. We have 
tried bringing in fly ash by rakes even from far off plants and we have seen that it is 
working well. As long as the fly ash is available from nearby plants, we are okay to 
transport it by trucks but the moment we run into a problem and that is the risk mitigation 
measures that we have taken, so that also is ready and has already been commissioned we 
are using it. 
 
Region wise our exposure to west has gone up even further. In this particular quarter our 
total sales to west are at 62% which was 55% last year so anybody who still believes we are 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
a south-based company this is a wakeup call we are 62% in west, and we are 10% in 
central, so 72% of sales of Orient Cement actually comes from non-south markets. I just 
thought I will call it out because many people still call, we are a south-based company I say 
yes, with 72% sales in non-south states. Our fuel mix as I mentioned this quarter has 
actually become 53% domestic coal which was 43% last year and the reason behind that I 
have already explained and as a corollary pet coke is down to 36% from 42% last year in 
this quarter. Our cost management like I said has not suffered any setback although in the 
quarterly results it will appear as if we have incurred a lot more cost than you people expect 
us to do, but there are absolutely clear reasons for them and as things are normalizing now, 
we will get back to the same efficiencies and costs. Efficiencies have always been intact 
with costs has changed because of like I said the plant mix changing and the fuel mix 
changing there. 
 
At the end I think another update which all of you do look for is borrowing status, our bank 
borrowings are now down to, I will talk about the project borrowings against capex 
borrowings they are at 203 Crores as on June 30, 2023. I think another three quarters left 
and that old one will be done and now the new borrowings that we have against the waste 
heat recovery plant and the fly ash handling system those I think around 100 cores will be 
payable over a longer period of time. Net working capital from the banks net of cash in 
hand was down to 55 Crores so if we take a debt in that sense, it was 250 Crores at the end 
of June 30, 2023. 
 
Prospects looking forward, I do believe the prospects remain strong although the extremely 
heavy rains that most of you yourself experienced in the city like Mumbai, they have had a 
dampening impact on the project work all around. So, July has obviously had its setback 
from the very heavy rains that happened all across our markets. I am not giving you the 
numbers, but yes, the demand is not as good as it should have been given the momentum in 
the previous quarter. Early August still we are beginning to see some relief from the rains 
and as a result some pickup in demand obviously is happening with projects keep waiting, 
they want the cement to be consumed further so I stay very positive about that. The energy 
prices have been softening and the full impact of that softening as all of us know would 
start emerging as the year progresses as we consume the old inventory. Our pet coke last 
ship load that we had we have already started consuming out of that and we are well 
covered for, given from today depends on how much is the demand in the market. I think 
from minimum two to about three months pet coke fuel we already have. Now as a result of 
that we obviously have not been able to avail of the window when this pet coke prices are 
down to very, very close to $100 a tonne because we just did not have the need to book that 
and in the meantime, they started looking up at about $100-102 a tonne. We have not seen 
any transactions happening from India nor were we in a position to book and I think that is 
why because there was no buyer in the market the prices came down. As we returned to the 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
market a little bit of uptake will happen in the pet coke prices that is our reading, but they 
will still be much lower than our last purchased pet coke that should help going forward. 
 
The rail-road mix wise I think we have been facing some policies from railways which have 
not been very friendly towards using them. As a result of that the cement transported using 
railway has gone down to 15%. At one point in time, we were doing 20% now it is down to 
15% that broadly would be my commentary. The capex schedule that we have given we 
continue to sort of face slower response from the government departments to our papers that 
have been moved for approvals, pushing them hard but it is still taking time. I am still 
hopeful that we will be able to start the work in third quarter as we are considering maybe 
not early third quarter but towards the end of third quarter. Assuming approvals come in 
hand we do want to start Chittapur very, very quickly and the last piece on the project 
which was very contingent till the last time, it has now firmed up a lot, the new grinding 
unit that we have been talking about in Madhya Pradesh area to be able to cater to the 
central market and from there to parts of the north India market I think that site is more or 
less closed in the sense that we already have had meetings, (inaudible) 31:13 minutes of 
the meeting have been signed and the other party to the agreement on whose premises we 
will be putting up the grinding unit they are now in the process of seeking an approval from 
their Board of Directors. Subject to that proposal coming in we will sign up an agreement 
very, very quickly and start applying for the clearances. I am talking about that grinding 
unit more from the perspective of one getting the much-needed diversification of our market 
exposure and also to start the work for line four at Devapur in Telangana which will be 
feeding that grinding unit. So that is interlinked I thought I will start with the update on the 
grinding unit, getting closer to sign up, is now the process is only going on for the board 
approvals and hopefully the board will see merit in allowing us to come in and put up the 
grinding unit there and that will trigger the need for line four immediately. 
 
Rajasthan project again the update is that all the mining lease has been restored by the 
government but unfortunately this mining lease given the coordinates that used to be there 
when this mining lease was given to us more than 30 years ago and now everything is 
digital and so when they did the digital measurement of that they found that in the plot of 
land on which the mining lease is there with all the coordinates the area that they had 
granted to us the area comes to be about 5 hectares more than what the mining lease was 
and for 5 hectares they need to go back to, all the way to the State Minister of Mines to get 
their approval, which hopefully, in fact my person is still even today sitting in Jaipur and we 
are trying to get that out at least that because when the coordinates are finally frozen in the 
form of a mining lease only then we want to start acquisition of land because in the 
meantime otherwise we will end up complicating matters. It looks like a small detail, but 
when it comes to mining leases even 1 metre of mining lease is critical for the government 
to have the details absolutely right and we will rather sort that out now rather than do it at a 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
later point in time. So that’s’ my opening remarks always happen to be a lot longer, but I try 
and obviate the need for questions coming up. I try and answer as many questions as I can 
think answers for. So, I stop here, and I am open to the questions that will still be there. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes, thank you. Good afternoon Sir and thank you for this opportunity. Firstly, I would like 
to compliment you on very impressive details in the annual report with regards to various 
green energy initiatives and also your premiumization efforts. Sir my first question is on the 
WHRS plant so this 3 Crores per month saving are we expected to get that at least for six to 
seven months in this year or there is also a ramp up schedule and you also detailed about 
some delays in few parts of the plant so what sort of say FY2024 is available for that and 
the 3 Crores should be fully available per month in FY2025 is that the right understanding? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes absolutely. So on the delay part since you mentioned assuming that in August we start 
drawing power as I mentioned to you that will be 80%, so maybe in the month of 
September or maybe early October it may be slightly less but towards the end of the year 
when the entire 10 megawatts start becoming available we will still be able to meet the 
targets on average of 3 Crores a month and FY2025 you can certainly take it that way. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it at least from fourth quarter January onwards this should be the run rate of savings? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got that. Sir second question is on the sequencing of these various projects I am a bit 
confused so one is we are starting or hoping to start Chittapur expansion by 3Q that is my 
understanding please if you would like to confirm that and also land acquisition at MP is 
still not started but we have kind of frozen the land so are we planning to then parallelly 
invest both in Chittapur and Devapur grinding and clinker line or is it going to be sequenced 
one after the other? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Let me provide the clarity on that. So Chittapur is something where we only are awaiting 
some approvals which have all been applied for right so that is simpler and the need for 
more clinker is much higher at Chittapur, so Chittapur will be in the sequence it will be the 
number one, okay. When it comes to land for the grinding unit in Madhya Pradesh that I 
spoke about we do not have to acquire that land we are talking through a counterparty who 
has the land who are agreeing to give the land to us. As I have said they are in the process 
of obtaining the approval from their Board. The moment their Board gives the approval to 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
sign the agreement we already have the land with us because that company is going to give 
us the land, has that land in their control so we do not have to acquire anything. In fact, it 
may not be even acquiring of land on ownership basis, they are actually going to give the 
land on right to use agreement okay which is a long-term agreement, and we can apply for 
the environment clearance for that grinding unit only when we have that agreement of right 
to use. So, I cannot even start applying for that clearance and once I apply and get the 
clearance and start the activity for grinding unit in Madhya Pradesh only then I need line 
four in Devapur. Is sequencing now getting understood a bit better? 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got that and at Chittapur grinding also is coming right so it is 3 million tonne grinding and 
2 million tonne? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Clinker, That is right. So, expansion at Chittapur is absolutely right, 2 million tonne clinker, 
3 million tonnes of grinding, correct. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
From a three-to-five-year point of view say next two years we are looking to close Chittapur 
then Devapur should start and then eventually the Rajasthan mining assets will be in place 
to start with Rajasthan, right so that should be the pecking order, right. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Excepting that there will be some parallel costs which will be incurred even for the grinding 
unit plus Devapur as a combination. As I explained in the last quarter call which basically I 
would just sort of tell you why I am saying so, one the capex that we need to incur, I did 
explain and I guess most of you are aware that the mines in Devapur are in the forest area 
where the forest clearance is in the process, the moment we get stage one clearance for 
forest we have to actually deposit a significant sum of money around 140-150 Crores which 
the forest department will use this money for afforestation of the land elsewhere. So that 
capex obviously will happen in parallel although we are not doing construction activity but 
capex, I need to do to get my stage two forest clearance, right, so that will be capitalized 
with Devapur although you might say technically there are no commercial activity or 
erection activity on. Similarly, there will be some expenses which will start getting incurred 
for Devapur and the grinding unit combination but that also to my mind will happen only 
when the major activity or major investment in Chittapur is getting over. Because 
sequencing wise these environmental approvals do take time. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. Sir for full year would you like to give any number, any range of capex for FY 2024 
and 2025? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
FY 2024, in fact I have already in last quarter also, I do not think I am going back. We just 
said total about 1000 Crores in FY2024 is what our ambition has been because only then we 
meet our requirement for clinker in time, largely we had said about under multiple projects 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
we talked about 600 Crores at Chittapur, we have talked about 150 odd Crores for Devapur 
with forest clearance and mines clearances and everything. We talked about, we might 
spend close to 100 Crores towards acquisition of land in Rajasthan and there are already 
some maintenance and the waste heat recovery that is going on here. So, there are multiple 
projects all put together we have said in FY2024 we were saying 1000 Crores, now if that 
remains 1000 that becomes 750 or 800 Crores is a matter of when we receive the clearances 
but our intention, our effort would be that we start spending capex soon because that will 
determine how quickly we get the additional capacities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it Sir. Thank you Sir this is very clear and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi Sir. Good afternoon. You explained on the fuel cost and why it went up, could you share 
the fuel cost per million Kcal number for the quarter Q1? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
How will that help you, you need to know my cost of how I am sort of doing it but anyway 
since you people get into nitty gritty which you cannot even relate to the reality, I will give 
you a number if you wish and I have the number which is readily available with me are for 
two individual plants. At Devapur in the last quarter we had 1925 and at Chittapur it is 
2340. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
1.92 something like that okay? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Chittapur is 2.340 which is imported pet coke. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
2340 Ok, this Chittapur costing is higher right compared to Devapur? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes, because Devapur has mines nearby Chittapur has no mines nearby, it is a landed cost 
please understand I am giving you landed cost. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
I understood because you have the linkage coal where the costing is much better. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
More than linkage is a transportation on the coal. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
What is the trend you are looking at for these numbers in Q2 or maybe in Q3 you 
mentioned that the domestic coal prices have rather gone up whereas there is some 
expectations of cost savings to flow through in the imported coal and pet coke so what is 
the trend you are looking at? 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I personally do not think the domestic coal prices will increase again in the next two 
quarters I do not expect them to there is no reason for them to increase them and pet coke 
prices actually should stay soft compared to when we purchased last right because the 
prices even today we are talking in the range of 115, 118, 120 right which is a lot cheaper 
that what we were buying pet coke earlier. So, I do expect pet coke prices to our next 
procurement to be at a cost which will perhaps be about 20% less than what we did last time 
and domestic coal prices I do not expect them to go up anymore. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
This next procurement will be coming up for consumption by when this 20%? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Towards October and November. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
This AFR cost how are they currently because I remember earlier, they used to be less than 
Rs.1 and then it shot up to Rs.1.5 odd so what is the current cost trend that we are looking 
at? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
We have to remember that AFR is not in one fuel we have five to six different kinds of fuel 
coming, some of them and if you look at let us say carbon black which happens to be the 
most expensive right. People who buy carbon black they are still inside more than 1.5, 
people who buy rice husk and if they are around the rice mills who are doing it that comes 
cheaper if you are far away it becomes more expensive. If you are using hazardous waste, 
you actually may get it at a negative cost also, so it is all a combination of multiple AFR, 
for us it will be more in the region of 1.2. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Ok, Sir your annual target of 6.3-6.4 million tonne this remains? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
We are keeping that absolutely intact, and I am not letting my sales effort go any soft. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Correct and lastly on this capex guidance of 1000 Crores where you mentioned 600 Crores 
Devapur that will only start once there will be stage one forest clearance? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Rajesh do not confuse everybody. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Chittapur 600 Crores will start only when the stage one is received? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Rajesh you are completely confused. Stage one is for Devapur forest clearance, Chittapur is 
not a forest area Chittapur we are only waiting for environment clearance. While Chittapur 
environment clearance being awaited, Devapur is forest clearance being awaited along with 
the grinding unit being awaited so stage one, stage two is only for forest. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Rajesh Ravi: 
At Chittapur this 600 Crores where no major deviation you are looking at for this financial 
year? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
I wish we do not have a variation because I need that capacity to start coming up soon. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Lastly on this lead distance which you mentioned 300 kilometers if you could give some 
sense is this primary lead or secondary lead when you mentioned 300 kilometers? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See secondary remains more or less constant it is the primary goes up depending on the 
market mix. For example, as I told you in the Q1 a customer which was closer to Chittapur I 
have sold him cement from Devapur because I did not have there obviously the lead has 
gone up right because I am supplying the cement from a farther away plant. I would say it is 
always the primary then we dump the material in that market, from there secondary is 
always shortfalls all around it we use small vehicles and things like that, so it is all primary.  
When we talk about little over 300 it is always about primary. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Secondary would be less than 50 kilometers is that understanding right? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Absolutely, Otherwise, we will send it there. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great. That is all from my end for now. I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. It is great to see the premium cement sale is picking up can 
you give some sense about how are the margins in premium versus other cements and also 
if there is a margin differential between the StrongCrete which you have been selling from 
long years and between OrientGreen the more sort of a recently launched cement? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes, our OrientGreen is which we introduced just a few months ago that is midway between 
our PPC cement and our StrongCrete. StrongCrete, we sell at Rs.45 higher than our PPC 
and OrientGreen is priced at Rs.25 plus so it is a premium product, but not as high. So now 
today our StrongCrete is a super-premium product, and the premium is OrientGreen. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood and what was the fuel mix for the quarter? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Back to the same question again it never changes something never change. Fuel mix for the 
quarter once again I am repeating for everybody else, please do not ask me again 53% 
domestic coal in this quarter and pet coke 36% and balance is AFR. Sorry excluding AFR 
53-54 is the fossil fuel that we are using, 53 and 36. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Keshav Lahoti: 
One last question from my side. SPV which you will get the power, what would be the cost 
of that power? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
This is contractual detail right now. It will be on significant savings from the grid price it is 
linked to what the grid price will be and what will be the margin for us. I cannot reveal that 
at this stage. I have given you the savings that we are having in Jalgaon already and that is 
what encouraged us to go more for it. 
Keshav Lahoti:  
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Raghav from Asian Markets 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
I wanted to understand primarily the Maharashtra market which is our key prime market 
because according to my understanding we are selling almost 50% plus volume into the 
Maharashtra. The last two capacity additions which we have done into Maharashtra are 
almost at the level of 35% to 40% utilization at the industry level. Now again Ambuja is 
adding almost 6 million tonne in Maharashtra other than the Mumbai market, which is 
primarily your core region of Vidarbha, Marathwada, Khandesh and the Pune so how do 
you see further two years down the line the Maharashtra particularly market as in the 
profitability term in the pricing term rest of the Mumbai? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
You are talking about the supply side we also had to remember that there is a demand side 
to the equation is not it? So, the way that demand has been growing in these markets 
obviously has encouraged people to put up more capacity. If the demand was not that high 
who would want to put up capacity. So while we very quickly are able to calculate the new 
capacity coming in we are not adding and Maharashtra as it is, is the largest market in India 
if it keeps growing at a percentage as growing today obviously the demand in Maharashtra 
will be far higher than the other places and the capacity for us to be catering to that, while it 
is a matter of concern for sure in short term new people coming in they obviously want to 
utilize their capacity faster but as things settle down over a period of time the market 
absorbs the capacity. That is how we have seen every time a new capacity has come up in 
any neighborhood exactly the same story turns out. Few months, few quarters you see the 
impact and then it is life back to normal because they are also there to do the business only. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
So, you will see Maharashtra as a safe market for a future term also? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Yes, I would because I personally do not see the growth in Maharashtra disappearing 
anytime soon. So, it is a demand growth which keeps me hopeful while the capacity is 
coming it always looks like threats, but everybody is finally looking when they are making 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
a capex, they are doing their own calculation and their own hypothesis, and they know that 
we already exists at a lower cost. So, they are also coming there to make a return on their 
investment and that is why things over a period of time no matter how dangerous it looks. I 
always keep reminding people about the time that we were putting our Chittapur plaint in 
Gulbarga, everybody used to tell me there is Rajashree next to you, there is ACC Wadi next 
to you, Shree Cement is coming next door, (inaudible) 51:41 Vasavadatta is there how will 
you survive and I am telling you we need more clinker there now. How did that happen? 
This is a story. This is how businesses go. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Got it, what is the estimated deadline for completion for Chittapur line two and Devapur 
line four? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
So typically speaking the Brownfield project we want to commission within 15 months 
from the date of start of construction. Let us assume for the moment that we are starting that 
on January 1, 2024, 15 months from there we should commission Chittapur, 15 months is 
what we will take as erection time for a Brownfield expansion. For a Greenfield grinding 
unit because it is a pure grinding unit that also can be achieved in about 15 to 18 months 
because still utilities like railway siding (inaudible) 52:53 needs to get built in the grinding 
unit, so at places like Chittapur you do not have to build the railway siding, it is already 
there, so I would consider the other one to be more like 18 months than 15, but 15 to 18 
months there also would be our target from the day we start doing the construction. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
We can take a volume assumptions in FY2025? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Volume assumption obviously you cannot say that we will commission the capacity and 
next month itself we will be selling the full capacity that does not happen right. So that 
build up typically, in the first year of commissioning 12 months we think if we are doing 50 
to 60% utilization, we feel good because by third year or fourth year we will start aiming 
for about 75 to 80%. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Yes Sir. That is why I was asking this question regarding to Maharashtra because the last 
two players who commissioned there one is commissioned their kiln and one has acquired 
capacities, they are not operating till 40% since last 15 months of operations and that is why 
asked this question for Maharashtra. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
That’s why I am not adding capacity in Maharashtra. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Got it Sir. Thanks. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of basic questions. If I have to go back a year or 
two like we were prioritizing Devapur expansion with Tiroda grinding unit and I know that 
Tiroda got called off but why is now Chittapur given priority over Devapur I just wanted to 
understand what is the change which is compared to that? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
See this change come in one we do not have a grinding unit that we were setting in Tiroda 
that sent us all over again on a wild-goose chase to look at another site where we could put 
a grinding unit and without the grinding unit, I do not need more clinker in Devapur so that 
got delayed because we did not have a grinding unit site right. In the meantime, at Chittapur 
the demand came more towards OPC from some very good customers because of which my 
overall capacity of the plant, which is 3 million tonnes that we speak about, 3 million tonnes 
is a certain assumption of OPC, PPC. In FY2023 itself I ran short of clinker at Chittapur. I 
have been mentioning that in last quarter today also I mentioned so we cannot get fixated 
with any decision taken. That is the definition of being agile. The moment we realize that 
Chittapur is opening up an opportunity, Devapur has got delayed because Tiroda got 
cancelled so what do we do, we still talk about Devapur first, or do we go and do business 
where it is available first. Very simple. 
Amit Murarka: 
Got it so that is the understanding I wanted and also just another basic question like you 
took this planned shutdown in Chittapur in Q1 which impacted cost generally like just to 
understand to improve my understanding generally is not monsoon considered a better 
month to take these kind of shutdown there as these are lower demand periods why plant 
shutdown taken in Q1? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Because we did not take the shutdown in last monsoon. We saved money on that. We 
continued to use the same refractory without incurring the cost till this year April. After that 
even 9, 10, 11 months is just about the maximum people use a kiln without maintenance we 
used for 23 months it could not have gone to 26 months. Very simple, it is basic 
fundamental. 
Amit Murarka: 
Got it so in this situation like this time when you take a maintenance will this be a longer 
maintenance because you skipped one cycle, and will the cost also be higher? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
No somewhat not too much. The cost would not change by more than 10 or 12% of the 
overall cost but the utility wise you will see instead of spending once in nine months I am 
spending once in 23 months, you just see that. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Amit Murarka: 
Yes of course that I understand. You cannot stretch it. I understand that. That is all. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Vaibhav Jain an independent investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Jain: 
My questions are mostly answered previous. Just one suggestion regarding your opening 
remarks I would suggest you put this in an investor presentation rather than it saves you 
energy as well and we can be prepared beforehand to ask questions, otherwise my questions 
have been answered. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you so much. See in presentation the reason I do it, it is twofold. One is the nuances 
that I can bring out in my delivery I cannot put that in a presentation because then the 
presentation will be far too long, right. There are lots of nuances that I explained when I am 
giving the information right, but I do get the hint that you do not like my voice, so I will try 
and speak less. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you for the opportunity and of course as always, the great initial introduction or the 
comments which take care of most of the questions, so I really request you to continue with 
that. Having said that just a couple of questions. Sir the capex you guided as of now for 
FY2024 more like 1000 Crores in the same way assuming everything falls as per plans, 
what should we pencil in for 2025? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
2025 I am sort of still struggling to get my 1000 Crores going that is my worry, but 
typically speaking now if we go by the fact that we have Chittapur cost close to 1500 crores 
logically thinking. If I am doing 600 in this financial year so obviously, I want to complete 
that within the next financial year it will be 900 Crores for Chittapur itself right 
straightforward calculations. When the project is on I spend 600, balance is 900 to be spent 
and I want the project to be ready before the end of next financial year, so 900 for Chittapur 
maybe another 100-150 Crores of investment in Rajasthan in the meantime parallel to 
making all the preparations, but my own guess is there will be another 300 to 400 Crores at 
least that we might need for the grinding unit in Madhya Pradesh even before we start 
spending money at Devapur line four. So, I would perhaps consider 1500 to 1700 in the 
next year all told including grinding unit in Madhya Pradesh including Devapur further 
plans, Rajasthan and 900 Crores in Chittapur. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Understood and Sir just staying on this capacity while we are looking at Chittapur line two 
an entire 3 million tonne coming up there. Are you also looking or exploring some 
possibilities of a grinding unit more near since west is now such a big market for us as you 
just mentioned in your initial comments, so new grinding unit near Patas or Solapur where 
other players have also I think have some grinding units is there an option to explore there 
or you are sure that Chittapur is where you want our entire 3 million tonne to get 
commissioned. 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
In life there is nothing that I assume forever. At the time that we were taking the decision 
the suggestion had come to me earlier also this area that we are talking about. We have 
actually gone and done an in-depth study of the availability of fly ash and the cost of fly ash 
which is available from now onwards given all the existing capacities and that did not look 
very promising so unless one of those assets comes up for sale at a price which is 
reasonable the Chittapur plan is the only plan we have because there is no more space for 
any more grinding unit to keep getting fly ash in the quantum that we need. Something 
appointing or some other grinding units which might come up for sale if it does come up, 
we will keep our eyes and ears open and then we might rethink but as of now we do not see 
that opportunity and putting up a grinding unit there did not get us despite availability of 
higher incentives in Maharashtra. The differential in the fly ash cost and the capex that a 
separate grinding unit needs compared to the capex that we do or when we are doing on site 
is very different right. So, while we considered the incentives in Maharashtra vis-a-vis, that 
we are looking at the additional capex, which may be that additional capex can be recovered 
from the incentive that the Maharashtra government gives, but the differential in the fly ash 
cost is sort of kicking away a lot of that reduction. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Got it. Just one last question. Will Devapur now go for maintenance shutdown in the 
current quarter like typically Q2 see maintenance shutdown or that could be missing? 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Good that you asked the question. One line in Devapur we already done the shutdown in the 
month of July, we just completed that and there is one more line to be done at Devapur that 
we will do in the next quarter, but the impact will not be as stark as here because we do not 
need to move any clinker we just need to sort of utilize more, there are three lines in 
Devapur right so that makes it a lot easier and those kilns are smaller, so the maintenance 
cost also is in the functional size of kiln right, so Chittapur kiln is the biggest kiln that we 
have 6000 TPD. Devapur the biggest is 4000 TPD, so size wise and in terms of availability 
of clinker we have done the maintenance in July, we will do one more in October. So, they 
will come but the impact will not be as dramatic as we had in Chittapur. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Got it. Thank you so much for the opportunity and all the very best. 

 
Orient Cement Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. Over to you Sir! 
Deepak Khetrapal: 
Thank you. I personally make all my comments as opening comments themselves. My 
closing comment only is to thank all the participants once again for sparing the time and 
listen to my long introduction that I give and asking questions which are intelligent and 
which push our thinking even further, this grinding unit in Maharashtra if you listened this 
question it was very intelligent which came to me earlier we have worked on that and today 
and I really gave a response to that and I really appreciate the engagement that all of you 
show in our business. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
