 
 
     August 16, 2023 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500770 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -  400 051 
Symbol: TATACHEM 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
Further to our letters dated July 25, 2023 and August 2, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the 
transcript of the Analysts/Investors Call on the Audited Standalone and Unaudited Consolidated 
Financial Results of Tata Chemicals Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 held on Tuesday, 
August 8, 2023. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.tatachemicals.com/investors/financial-reports. 
  
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Chandan 
Chief General Counsel  
& Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV M 
CHAND
AN
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV M 
CHANDAN 
Date: 
2023.08.16 
13:35:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Tata Chemicals Limited 
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata Chemicals Limited Q1FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you Zico. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Tata Chemicals 
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us today, Mr. R. Mukundan – the Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Zarir Langrana – Executive Director, and Mr. Nandakumar Tirumalai – the Chief 
Financial Officer.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today’s discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties.  
I now invite Mr. Mukundan to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, Mr. 
Mukundan. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thanks, Gavin. Good morning and welcome everyone to our Quarter 1 FY24 
Earnings Call. I am joined by my colleague Nandu and Zarir for today's call.  
I will start the discussion with key operational highlights across business 
geographies, following which Nandu will walk you through our financial 
performance for the quarter.  
Tata Chemicals at consolidated level has had a higher revenue on account of better 
realization partly impacted by lower volumes. I will come to that in a minute.  

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
There has also been EBITDA growth driven by higher realization. There is an impact 
on PAT and PBT due to higher interest cost and higher tax outflow because many of 
our entities are net positive now and they don't have the tax shield which they had 
earlier, and hence impact in terms of tax calculation, especially Magadi and U.S., 
which are now on a higher tax rate. 
I will now give an update on Soda Ash demand supply situation: 
As you would all know, the China net supply increase in the market partly is driven 
by post-COVID slowdown and lower than expected demand in China.  We expected 
a pretty strong recovery, which has not happened, and this slowdown has created 
a surplus in the market.  Added to that, Inner Mongolia capacity, which came on 
stream maybe about five to six months sooner than expected.  This was anticipated, 
but it came earlier, and that coupled with the lower demand created a demand 
supply ease in the market.  
For the rest of the market, demand was as planned, and more or less stable, and 
India also remained stable in general, mainly driven by the sustainability demand 
coming off glass sector. The domestic supplies in India were largely impacted due 
to surging imports, which almost doubled, and accordingly Tata Chemicals had to 
take appropriate steps in the marketplace to ensure its supplies to customers were 
at the most competitive levels.  
Coupled with this, in some parts of the world, there was some delay in purchase 
decisions which was on the expectation of management of inventory levels which 
had gone up due to supply chain constraints in the past, but now eased, and some 
postponement of purchase decisions with expectation of a lower pricing over a 
period of time. Our overall demand situation remains robust, which is mainly driven 
by the growth in the key markets, driven by energy transition, as highlighted before, 
and it will continue to be so.  
I have talked about the near-term challenge, but in the medium and long-term, it 
remains still the same as per the commentary we had given last time.  
Moving on to Tata Chemicals' market position: 
We have our net sales in India of about 180,000 tons. This includes India production 
and Magadi imports into India as compared to 185,000 tons last year, which is 
almost 96% of last year.  
This was despite the impact of 10 days on dispatches in Mithapur due to the 
Biparjoy Cyclone, because of which there was some slowdown in availability of 
rakes and trucks. For about three to four days the district administration had 
stopped all road and rail movements due to safety issues.  
However, we did manage to get to 96% of combined Tata Chemicals sales in India 
as compared to last year.  

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Our focus continues to ensure our customers are serviced and we maintain our 
position with customers through engagement with them and continue to maintain 
steady margins with focus on cost.  
In addition to Soda Ash business in India, the rest of the other parts of the world, 
especially UK and U.S. performed to our plan. Magadi was partly impacted by 
certain supply chain issues which impacted its sales into Southeast Asia, and also 
there was an increased pressure of Chinese material availability in that market. That 
position is getting corrected as we speak.  
Moving on to Rallis, it overcame a challenging period and was able to restrict the 
impact on its EBITDA due to better product mix, OpEx control and pricing action, 
and that has been visible in the results declared. Relative to the marketplace, they 
have performed to plan.  
To conclude: 
We expect the market to remain in the range bound situation with the demand 
supply situation easing in the short-term and over a medium-term, our overall 
target in terms of positive changes happening on the demand side, will lead to 
balanced demand supply situation, hence medium to long-term remains our base 
case.  
With this, I would like to add that we remain committed to our expansion plan, 
which have already been approved by the Board of approximately 300,000 tons in 
India, about 250,000 tons in Kenya, and about 400,000 tons in U.S., about a million 
ton all worldwide capacities put together.  
In addition, we are scaling up our salt capacities in India and in the UK, by the end 
of this year, our pharmaceutical grade salt plant will be operational. We remain 
focused on managing our margins and cost structures, ensuring debt repayment 
continues and strengthening the cash flows. We continue to de-leverage and repay 
our debt. This quarter we repaid about $95 million. In U.S., we repaid about $45 
million, and in Singapore about $50 million.  
So, we remain committed to ensuring a very balanced approach to marketplace and 
a very conservative approach to our balance sheet and a very robust approach to 
our growth plans and we remain on track as we speak.  
With this, I hand over the floor to Nandakumar who will walk you through our 
financial performance.  
N. Tirumalai: 
Thank you, Mukundan, and good morning to everyone. 
Let me take you through the performance after which we will go to the Q&A.  
On the headline numbers first: 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
For the quarter, our revenues for the quarter was at Rs.4,218 crore as against 
Rs.3,995 crore last year's Q1 higher by 6%. Revenue increase was driven by price 
increase partly impacted by lower volumes across geographies and contributions 
being impacted mainly in India and UK. 
EBITDA for the quarter was at Rs.1,043 crore as against Rs. 1,015 crore last year, 
and this, in fact, is the all-time high EBITDA ever. The EBITDA margins were lower 
by 0.7% owing to pricing drops in India and lower volumes. PAT for the quarter was 
at Rs.578 crore lower by 10% compared to last year's Q1. 
Moving on to each business, starting with India: 
Revenue for the quarter was Rs.1,135 crore. Soda Ash volumes were down by 8%. 
The prices were lower owing to the price drops taken during the quarter. Salt 
business continue to perform well and good volumes came there. Bicarb volumes 
were a bit down compared to last year's Q1.  
Moving to U.S.: 
It delivered yet another very good quarter with revenues and profitability 
registering healthy growth over last year's Q1. The business continues to benefit 
from better prices following the newer contracts entered during the beginning of 
the calendar year.  
UK business performed well with revenues up by 22% as compared to last year's 
Q1. EBITDA was 17% for the quarter. 
As far as Kenya is concerned, both volumes and prices saw softening, which in turn 
impacted margins and profits for the quarter. 
As far as Silica and Nutra is concerned, both the businesses have growth map in 
front of them. With time and investment, we expect both the segments to clock in 
good numbers going forward.  
Moving on to Rallis: 
Q1 was one of the most challenging periods for the agrochemical industry. Crop 
care business has been affected by high market inventories, steep price drops and 
the late monsoon. Although revenues for Q1 were lower compared to Q1 of last 
year, margins were largely maintained, through better product mix and good 
pricing. 
The company's long-term strategy remains unchanged, focused on increasing 
manufacturing capacities and product portfolio expansion and widening market 
reach.  

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Our cash at a consolidated level was Rs. 1,544 crore at the end of June '23. capex 
for the quarter was Rs.423 crore and net debt was Rs.4,329 crore.  
With that, I close my comments and hand over back to Moderator to open for the 
Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC.    
Saurabh Jain: 
My question is that we have seen a decline in volumes on Soda Ash for all the 
geographies. While India you alluded to there was an impact of the cyclone, but the 
rest of the geographies, is the impact more because of softness in demand as such 
in industry or is it more because of any loss to market share to the new capacities 
that have been coming online? And then, what is your outlook on the volume 
recovery from here on? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, let me address this broadly. In India, it is a combination of the cyclone and 
because of precautionary operational measures taken by us at the plant due to 
cyclone. Up to April and May, we were pretty much on track. It was towards the 
end of June where we saw a bigger dip in the numbers.  
As far as Kenya is concerned, our biggest shift has come in two markets. One in 
Thailand, the other one in South Africa.  In Thailand there is a pressure felt from the 
Chinese imports and large quantities landing up there. So, while we had to continue 
to serve our contracted customers, we also ensured that we got into fresh 
contracts, so that going forward we had volumes which we could push in that 
market and engage with customers. 
In South Africa, there was a large amount of consignment which had landed in the 
market and hence delayed some of our customer orders. So, it is more a temporary 
phenomenon as far as Magadi is concerned, which should catch up over a period of 
time.  
As far as the U.S. is concerned, there were no market issues. It was more related to 
some pressures we did feel at the beginning of the year, which was a spillover of 
the last quarter where there were supply chain issues with respect to the railroad 
movement and that has now more or less corrected.  
In fact, there has been a change in the leadership and management, and they have 
assured they will fix the railroad issues, and we are seeing improvement in the 
situation. It is not fully resolved, but it is pretty much on way to getting resolved as 
far as the rail movement is concerned.  
So, broadly, in Quarter 1, we would not attribute it largely to the market. Our 
commentary on the market is going forward, and when I said short term, I think 
that period could range between 9 to 12 months on one hand to stretching as much 
as 15 to 18 months. We have to see how China demand improves. The overhang of 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
the real estate sector pressures which are being transmitted to the flat glass 
industry are creating undue pressure on the market, especially with respect to 
supplies coming on. So, there is a mismatch there, which, if we put in our demand 
supply model, continues for anywhere between a year to year-and-a-half, after 
which it sort of equates again. So, that's the broad market and our operation issues. 
Saurabh Jain: 
That is helpful, my second question would be that we are seeing some softness that 
is pretty evident in the Soda Ash pricing. Are you seeing any pricing adjustments in 
the U.S. exports business? And also, you lock in the contracts for the domestic part 
of the U.S. business, but any sort of renegotiations that can happen in those 
contracts as well for the rest of the year? Any insight would be really helpful. 
R. Mukundan: 
Where it is contracted, if the erosion is even more sharp than what we see, 
customers will have to get accommodated. I see no reason why we would not do 
so. At this point of time, the domestic contracts, especially in these markets, are 
still holding. There has been some impact because of some furnace closures 
because of the Bud Light controversy and that has led to some container glass 
impact wherein two or three furnaces had to be closed. This is one of the largest 
selling beer in the U.S. other than this, we haven't seen any major issue.  
On the export market, certainly, we move pretty close to the marketplace, 
especially in Southeast Asia it is a quarterly adjustment. So, you would continue to 
see us reset on the price side, partly supported by the cost which is easing along 
the way.  
In the UK, it is more or less contracted. The open positions for the UK is more about 
quarter four. So, we will have to wait and see how the situation moves, especially 
in the local context of Europe, which is a very different context where we do not 
see the commentary very similar to the rest of the place, and there it is more about 
the European market situation where our worry is not so much on the market side 
but more on the energy side which in the past had a very good gas storage. 
So, the gas prices have been benign in the UK, but we are very watchful. We have 
gone ahead and done our hedging on energy more or less so that we don't get 
impacted during the year, but we will wait and watch and see how it unfolds in 
terms of energy supplies there.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mutual Fund.  
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, the first one in terms of the CAPEX, you have mentioned the next phase. Have 
we decided amount, what would be the CAPEX amount for this 1 million expansion?  
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. in India it is already approved, and it is already underway. It is our last capex 
round finished at about Rs.2,900. Then this CAPEX round will finish at about 
Rs.2,000 crore [corrected post call] and of which Rs.1,300 crore is on soda ash and 
the balance for other products.  

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
That will give us about 0.3 million tons of soda ash capacity in addition to what we 
already have.  
As far as Kenya is concerned, it is not going to be a major capex – it is around $20 
million to $25 million and pretty much it is de-bottlenecking. In U.S.it is closer to 
about $80 million to $100 million with the large amount of element being on 
process improvement and some de-bottlenecking.  
Arjun Khanna: 
So, just to understand this, you are saying U.S. 100 million for 300,000 capacity? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, it is still for 400,000, it is still being worked out. It could be up or down by 20%. 
Detailed engineering is in progress and largely depends on whether we choose to 
go ahead with the switch to gas fully or not. That decision is yet to be made, but 
otherwise, our other elements are more or less in place including the addition of 
13th  calciner and the Trona purification process, which are being undertaken.  
Arjun Khanna: 
The second question is, sir, when I look at the standalone, I see we did an EBIT loss 
of almost Rs.22 crore on Rs.51 crore of revenue. Could you help us understand why 
such a large EBIT loss given your commentary, you all spoke of the specialty side of 
it improving? 
R. Mukundan: 
On a standalone basis, it is more related to our Silica business. We have two 
businesses. Silica business is performed to our plan. It, in fact, had a positive EBITDA 
number, but I think the issue we faced was on the nutraceutical, the fructo-
oligosaccharide fermentation platform where the unit had produced in anticipation 
of an export order last quarter. 
Since that order got delayed, we decided to slow down production and keep 
running the unit. In fact, the unit restarted production only about 30 days back and 
has been running at 50% capacity because their stocks are still available. Until that 
order comes through, and the current stocks are shipped, we do not want to 
increase production. It's a management decision. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is on China. So, China coming back, has it changed in terms of the 
movement of soda ash across different geographies? And will it likely to stay till this 
new capacity comes in phases over the next few years? 
R. Mukundan: 
It is a model which we have to work out and the way it will work in the short-term 
will be different from the medium-term. In the short-term, certainly, the exporters 
who are manufacturers close to coast will begin to move the material out of China 
which is what is happening. 
Our view is that the prices have hit bottom in terms of the cash break-even 
numbers, and we may see a reflection of logistics cost improvement being passed 
on to customers.  However, we do not see a bigger shift out of China in terms of 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
pricing, but volumes will certainly move out because the natural ash will tend to 
displace synthetic ash. 
In the medium-term, what will likely happen is how it unfolded in U.S. In U.S., there 
was a combination of synthetic and natural plants, but as natural plants came on 
stream, it led to closure of synthetic plants domestically. So, we do believe that 
certain uncompetitive capacities which are there within China will be challenged, 
but that process will take time. It is not going to be immediate and will unfold over 
a period of time, and we will have to keep watching. It will also be in combination 
of when the demand supply situation balances out. At that point any further 
changes in capacity will be put on hold. 
So, our view is that this balancing broadly happens in about 12 to 18 months. After 
that we will have a clearer picture of how much of natural capacity will remain, how 
much of synthetic capacity will remain and how it will balance out in the overall 
context. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, second question is in terms of demand from user segments, is there any 
challenge in certain geographies from the downstream demand in particular users? 
R. Mukundan: 
Different geographies have different issues. As far as China is concerned, as I 
mentioned already, it's the construction sector which has been the problematic one 
in terms of our previous model and what is coming through in the current model, 
and we have had to take some downward adjustments on those numbers. 
In India, it has been primarily the export market. The dye and chemical sector has 
not been doing well, and that is reflected in some of the export numbers out of 
India for intermediate chemicals where soda ash is consumed. Also in India, there 
has been a sharp fall in caustic soda prices. So, silicate market has switched to 
caustic from soda ash. The end user can switch between caustic and soda ash and 
that has created an issue in Indian demand.  
As far as Kenya is concerned, it is pretty much all markets are fine. I can't see 
anything related to the market. It was just extra shipments landing up from various 
markets that led to inventory issues.  
In terms of U.S., the big driver in the U.S. up till now has been the one big event 
which happened in the market which is the Bud Light controversy which had impact 
on the container glass demand. As that demand shifts to other bottlers, we will see 
that aspect easing over a period of time. The big issue we need to watch out for is 
interest rates, if and when it begins to hurt the housing market. We remain 
watchful, but we don't see any big shifts up till now. If there are any, we will bring 
into the commentary by next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a couple. One is on the Inner Mongolia soda ash expansion. You know, is it 
actually 1.5 million tons that has come on stream so far? And I believe the 
projection by the producer was to ramp up to 5 million tons by December of this 
year. So, do you see them on track for that sort of timeline? Or would you expect 
that to get significantly delayed? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, as far as the Berun is concerned, we think by the next year, at least 3 million will 
be there. That is what our model states. We have not used any number. The 1.5 
million ton has been slightly ahead by about three months versus what we expected 
to happen on the ground.  
And so, by next year, we had modeled 3 million, and we are also watching the speed 
by which it come on stream. So, we will remain vigilant. As of now we know that 
1.5 million will come on stream, which is about 50% of what we had modelled.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Sorry, just to clarify this 3 million by next year is by end of CY24, like December, or 
sometime earlier in the year? 
R. Mukundan: 
During next year it probably is going to average around three. So, that is what our 
numbers were modeled on, and we retain that model. 
Abhijit Akella: 
And just the other thing I just wanted to check is I know you have alluded to this a 
few times in the past, but just to sort of maybe try to get an update, if any, with 
regard to the Tata Group's EV battery plans is there any sort of involvement that 
Tata Chemicals might have in any capacity over the, let's say, next two, three years 
or so? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, as I had mentioned even during AGM, we continue to work on the chemical side 
of the battery requirement. If there are any opportunities which come up, we will 
certainly make the announcement as and when required. We continue to work with 
all Tata companies in terms of their chemical requirement in general and wherever 
there is capability match, we would engage. And so this also falls in the same 
bucket.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley.   
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just from a cost perspective, just wanted to understand what was the biggest driver 
of the higher cost that we saw in UK? And secondly, in relation, if you could just talk 
about how we should think about cost going forward and what kind of levers are 
available at your end to really optimize cost over the next few quarters? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, Vivek, the costs have more or less stabilized now. We don't anticipate any big 
spikes in costs. As far as the UK is concerned we had the benefit of hedging, which 
we benefited during the last year, but now it is the current hedging rate. So, what 
you see this quarter we anticipate should continue, as we have also hedged it, but 
we remain watchful on the European energy cost side and really that's the outline.  

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
We also have in the UK, for example, a surplus power capacity which will feed 
power into the grid and that really depends on the spread and that impacts the net 
cost in our calculation. So, whenever wind energy is very high, our spread reduces 
and that increases the net energy cost for us because we are not able to feed power 
into the grid. So, it is only these two combinations. It's going to remain range bound 
right across all our units and trending to go down in some geographies like India 
and U.S. because that softness remains. The counter to that, Vivek, is if the world 
demand increases, especially coming out of China, these prices will probably hold, 
will not fall any further.  
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just to clarify, I think the last time you mentioned you do have some high-cost 
inventories that you are going to be unwinding progressively. Would it be fair to say 
that going forward, any cost benefit would just be a function of these energy prices? 
Or is there anything that you could do specifically to further optimize cost?  
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, I think what you would see the reduction in costs, some of them would be the 
unwinding of the inventory level because at any given point of time, we have three 
to four months inventory. As that winds down, the cost at which it is fed into the 
plant will be lower, but market costs are not changing too much. I would just leave 
it at that. So, it is mostly driven off our inventory numbers.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal.   
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is regarding U.S. business. So, we have seen in domestic market of U.S. 
over the last two quarter, there is a volume decline and export is doing good. So, 
can you talk about the last two quarters, is there any slowdown of the demand of 
soda ash in particularly domestic U.S. market? The second is after easing out of the 
supply chain and we are sending into the neighboring country and exporting from 
U.S. to other markets. So, is there any pressure in the demand side also? And third 
is for U.S. also, what is the contract mix of six months and quarter and year for the 
U.S. business? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, U.S. mostly domestic, Sumant, would be annual calendar contract. So, they 
would be contracted right up to December. On the export side, part of them are 
annual, part of them are quarterly. Those which are going to some parts of 
customers in South America would be annual and rest of them would be quarterly. 
So, that's the mix in this. And in terms of the specific domestic volumes, we ship to 
manage our margins and customer orders. Except for some railroad issues and 
container glass issues, we haven't seen any major shift, and also some part of the 
shift would be towards material going towards Mexico. So, I would not read 
anything beyond that. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, when you talk about the some mix is for the quarterly contract, so do you expect 
some softness in the realization in entire U.S. business? 
R. Mukundan: 
On the domestic side, certainly we have to wait for the new year contracts to be 
signed where they settle. that's quarter four issue, which also is true for UK. On the 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
export side, it is mostly getting reset every quarter. So, you would continue to see 
shifts as the market numbers shift.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Because you are at the lifetime highest EBITDA per ton in Q1FY24. So, do you think 
there will be a normalization of EBITDA per ton from here onwards? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. in the export side, as I said, there will be certain shifts which will be happening, 
but it will still be better than last year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tejas Sheth from Nippon Asset Management.    
Tejas Sheth: 
Just on the 1-million-ton addition in the capacity of soda ash, what would be the 
timeline of these? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, these are under execution. So, normally they would come on stream over next 
36 months. Our current plan which is to take the soda ash capacity in India to 1 
million ton, that part should be finishing by that 2.3 lakh tons, which is in the 
presentation sent to you as well as most of it should come on stream by September 
when we expect our boilers to come on stream and partly, it may spill over into 
some months of October or so. 
The 1 million in addition to that which is 400 in U.S., and 250 odd in Kenya, that is 
underway, should come in about 36 months.  
Tejas Sheth: 
And the balance Rs.1300 crore which we are spending, which will be towards which 
products? And what will be the timeline completion of those? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, I said that approximately Rs. 2,000 in India (corrected post call), of which 
Rs.1,300 is in soda ash, which is broadly towards the soda ash, and salt, and some 
bicarbonate. So, it is in the core products only, and all these numbers which I said, 
they are all part of 1 million ton.  
Tejas Sheth: 
And on the EV battery comment which you made, where we are working with the 
Group companies on the chemical side of it, it’s only on the sodium -ion battery 
side or we are even working on the lithium-ion side? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, there are chemicals which all companies use. So, we continue to engage with 
them wherever our chemicals can go or we have an opportunity to produce them 
because they would be manufacturing at scale capacities to be created for them. 
We will engage with them and to the extent that we can have a profitable and viable 
pathway to implement, we will Implement them. It is not related to sodium or those 
chemistries.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.  

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
S. Ramesh: 
So, can we have some numbers in terms of what was the global consumption in first 
quarter and the available production in the world and how you see this demand 
supply balance moving in terms of numbers say in the next one year? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, I won't give you a quarter, but I will give you the annual number. I think our net, 
addition in the model of the new capacity coming on stream was about 2 to 2.2 
million tons or so that we think we underestimated that by a million ton and the 
demand fall which is really driven off by what has happened in China which is close 
to about 1 million ton. So, the overall overhang is about 2 million to 2.5 million ton 
as we speak. So, I would speak in terms of net numbers in the model rather than 
take specific numbers.  
S. Ramesh: 
So, the next thought is then, when do you see this overhang of supply getting 
absorbed by new demand, especially the solar glass? And you said it's about one to 
one-and-a-half years for the construction market in China to improve. So, if that 
remains soft, do we see the solar panel addition and lithium carbonate growth 
absorbing? 
R. Mukundan: 
It includes everything. It is not just that element alone. It is all of them.  
S. Ramesh: 
So, that means we need to see underlying fundamental demand across all the 
sectors improve before this supply overhang can be absorbed. Is that a correct way 
to understand this? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, the issue drivers are very different across markets. So, as I mentioned, in China, 
it mainly seems to be driven by construction, the real estate and the whole element 
around it and the slowdown. The other segments are not seeing that kind of 
slowdown. In India, for example, it is mostly led by the export softening which our 
exporters are seeing especially into Europe for dyes and dye stuff and other 
chemicals, and also the switching of the demand from soda ash to caustic in the 
silicates sector. Both the caustic switch as well as the export demand, we have to 
watch the market as we go.  
And the other one on the construction site, we had to really keep focusing on the 
Chinese government policies with respect to interest rates, funding, etc. And rest 
of the world, again, I just want to say, Europe and U.S. and in other parts of the 
world, certainly the heightened interest rates, if they continue to harden more, I 
think that will put pressure again on the housing and housing sector, which again 
flows back into the flat glass. So, we need to watch this whether we are at the end 
of interest rate cycle or it is going to continue to be hardening even more. 
S. Ramesh: 
So, coming to the UK business, so in terms of the growth from the Pharma grade 
bicarbonate and the other initiatives with regards to energy, do you think that will 
improve the EBITDA performance of UK say in FY25 and going forward? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, I think that that remains on track and that will continue to be the positive 
driver, and it will continue the baseline EBITDA which we used to sort of track in UK 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
for about £25 million, that would move up by around £10 million on account of 
pharma salt (corrected post call). That is the broad change it should happen.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co.    
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, if you could allude again, what would be the normalized margin for our 
UK business? I think the per ton margin was guided to us from this quarter onwards, 
this quarter itself. So, these numbers are the ones which we should pencil in for the 
year as a whole analyze them or what should be the margin profile for the UK 
business? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. So, if you just look at the per ton margin structure in the contracts, which most 
of it is contracted in soda ash, that will track the Quarter 1 broadly, and quarter four 
we will have to still go through the per ton margin structure because that contract 
is for first three quarters.  
Saket Kapoor: 
So, these will be the normal reported margins, this Q1 numbers are the one which 
we can annualize because these are very lower set of numbers for the UK segment?  
R. Mukundan: 
It was the same, but this should probably track the numbers as we move forward 
because this is the contracted number. This reflects the contracted number. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the import part of the story for the Indian market, sir, what have been the 
imports in the country for the last quarter? And sir, also you mentioned that 
generally we have seen that when there is a natural capacity coming up in the 
region, the chemical process, one of the other capacity generally went down. So, 
what is the current split between the same in China? And, on what is the 
incremental demand from solar. I think, so annual, the per day capacity or the per 
day production of solar panels is 1 lakh per ton that was reported somewhere from 
China. So, if you could sum up these three points, sir? 
R. Mukundan: 
The point about synthetic versus natural in the region or in the country will play 
out, and that is largely a function of overall domestic demand and domestic supply 
and how much surplus needs to travel out because exports are generally less 
remunerative than domestic sales. And that will play out specific to China. Today, it 
remains the largest producer and largest consumer accounting for almost 30 million 
tons of demand and 30 million tons of supply. On that 30 million ton, overall while 
by next year end, at least 3 million tons will be on stream. We expect as per the 
market estimation will go up to about 5 million tons of natural ash coming out of 
Mongolia. That effectively is close to 17% to 18% of the domestic demand. 
So, that's a large overhang, and we do anticipate some kind of rebalancing to 
happen there internally, and a timeline for which we can't estimate. And if the 
demand bounces back in China and it moves in a robust manner, the impact on the 
synthetic will be less. I think that is the difficult part why we are not giving any 
specific guidance on that piece. At least in our model, we are not able to model 
that. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
The second piece in terms of soda ash demand into solar glass, broadly can take 
20%. If someone opens a 1,000 ton per day plant, he will need 200 tons per day of 
soda ash. That's a broad thumb rule which one can use.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.   
S. Ramesh: 
Sir, in the nutraceutical segment, has production resumed normally and they are 
able to operate a normal run rate? Do we expect that to show profits over the rest 
of FY24 and do you see the India Specialties business contributing to our earnings 
in this India business over FY25? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, I won't go that far. I will just remain in the current situation wherein our 
utilization is below what we had last year. It is running at about 50% because we 
are holding inventory and which we need to address by getting a contract in export 
orders which our teams are working. 
 
In terms of silica, I think it is not so much related to the market. We are running the 
plant at about 85% or 90% capacity and is nearly full because if you account for 
switches in product grade and all, that is the rate at which it needs to run. Where 
we need more additional volumes, what we are doing is to take up the capacity. By 
October, I think we will be fully aligned to the tire and rubber business, and we 
would take the capacities to 13,000 ton, and we are in the planning phase of adding 
another 10,000 tons of capacity there. It's more a capacity issue and silica is 
certainly a profitable and a steadier business today for us. So, that's where we are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of our question-and-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thank you everyone for participating in the conference call. As we mentioned that 
the Quarter 1 has been delivered well considering the market conditions. We 
remain watchful for the rest of the year. And the only thing we continue to do is to 
engage with our customers and ensure we have an agile response to the 
marketplace and ensure our costs and margins are held tightly.  
At the same time, our medium-term and long-term strategy in terms of bringing on 
stream additional capacity remains on track, and we will navigate this period with 
agility to ensure that we have a more robust balance sheet, higher level of customer 
engagement in the relevant markets and ensure that our profitability and 
contribution continue to improve. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tata Chemicals Limited, that concludes the conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
