 
 
 
REF: HIL/SE/2023-24/22 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 509675  
 
Scrip Symbol: HIL  
 
Through Listing Center  
 
          Through Neaps 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 17, 2023 on Q4 FY23 Financial Results  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, May 17, 2023 on Q4 FY23 Financial Results.  
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Saikat 
Mukhopadhyay
Digitally signed by 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay 
Date: 2023.05.24 
17:34:08 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q4 FY23 Investor Conference Call 
May 17, 2023 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to HIL Limited's Q4 and FY23 Results 
Conference Call for investors and analysts. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO of the company, Mr. 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay, CFO and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Vice President – Finance and Accounts. 
We will first have Mr. Seth make the opening comments, and he will be followed by Mr. 
Saikat who would take us through the financial perspective. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made on today's call 
could be forward-looking in nature, and details in this regard are available in the earnings 
presentation, which has been shared with you and is also available on the stock exchange 
websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Akshat to share his views on the performance and strategic 
imperatives that lie ahead. Over to you, Mr. Akshat. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Siddharth. And good morning everyone. A very warm welcome to HIL's FY23 and 
Q4 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the time out today to join us and understand how the 
performance has been for us and how do we see the next few quarters panning out for us. 
So in this call, we will share and cover two things and talk about the performance in the just 
concluded year and quarter and how are we poised in the short run. We will also use this 
occasion to share a glimpse of how we are steering HIL towards an era of fast-paced value-
building growth. 
At a consolidated level, HIL reported a revenue of Rs.3479 crores, with a PBT of Rs.117 
crores for the full year FY23. This includes revenue of Rs.863 crores for Q4 and a PBT of Rs.4 
crores for the same quarter. Overall, despite a difficult year, this performance reflects HIL's 
inherent agility and resilience. 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Within this consolidated picture, HIL India delivered its highest ever stand-alone revenue of 
Rs.2155 crores. In fact, this is the first time we crossed the 2000 crores mark. And this 
represents a healthy growth of over 9% compared to the previous financial year. The PBT 
was at Rs.164 crores for this the India part of the business. For Q4, the revenue stood at 
Rs.512 crores, with a PBT of Rs.21 crores. 
Breaking down the India performance to various segments. The first segment is our Roofing 
Solutions segment, and I am proud to share that we have delivered the highest ever revenue 
of Rs.1115 crores, representing a healthy growth over previous year. In doing so, we have 
extended our #1 position in the market with significant improvement in volumes and 
pricing. This performance was driven by the Charminar brand, which has a rich 75-year plus 
legacy of trust and is a big calling card for us in the market. We remain at the cutting edge 
of product quality and innovation and are deepening our distribution and reach to more 
remote locations, including deployment of digital tools and e-commerce for reaching out to 
our customers and end consumers. 
FY24, April, however, has started with slower volume offtake due to the festive season and 
high volumes of rains, and this meant a slightly muted demand sentiment at the start of the 
season. However, recent trends indicate that the season is picking up, and we believe that 
this will offset the slow start. And in the next 4 to 6 weeks, we should cover the deficit from 
the soft start that we experienced in April. Overall, last year, the high cost of raw material 
did impact margins adversely. And it will remain a factor in this quarter as well. 
The Building Solutions segment, our second biggest, remains a strong pillar of our thrust for 
future growth. Last year, we ran at near 100% capacity utilization, and we grew our top line 
by 27% compared to the previous year and crossed the 500 crores milestone for the first 
time. There were strong efforts in driving operations and logistics efficiency, which is 
delivering company's significant gains in profitability in this segment, and we crossed the 
9% profitability mark for the year. And this upward trend is likely to continue. In this 
segment, we will continue our growth push through both inorganic and organic means. Last 
year, our successful integration of FastBuild is a case in point. In this year, in FY24, new 
greenfield capacity for panels and brownfield expansion for blocks in Golan and Jhajjar will 
drive further growth. This will be followed by a new greenfield capacity for blocks in the 
Southern region. 
Moving on to our third segment, which is the Plumbing segment. We achieved an impressive 
volume growth of 23% in this year in a market that witnessed once in a generation 
meltdown and volatility of input PVC resin prices. We are aggressively growing our channels, 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
by increasing our reach and investing to expand our product range. We already have a 
portfolio of 1,500+ SKUs of pipes and fittings. 
We have recently entered the underground drainage segment by commissioning a state-of-
the-art facility for “Foam Core” pipes at our Thimmapur plant. As we enter the second 
month of FY24, PVC prices remain in a soft territory, and that has had an impact on demand 
and prices. However, we believe that at these price levels, PVC prices seem to have 
bottomed out and that demand recovery is round the corner. And we believe that the 
outlook for demand for the rest of the year looks healthy. 
The Putty segment has been marked by intense competition and a soft price regime. In this 
scenario, our team has focused on the twin planks of cost reduction through R&D efforts 
and improving the price positioning with increased market and brand pull. As a result, we 
have expanded our market presence to South and East India through new trading locations 
closer to those geographies. 
And finally, Construction Chemicals, which is our exciting new foray in a space which offers 
both high growth and profitability. It is building on the channel strength that we have 
already built and acquired for putty, and we are driving synergies between those two 
segments. In the last year, we have built a solid platform, so FY23 was the first year for this 
product segment. And in this short time, we have built a platform with diverse product 
assortment. We built our own proprietary recipes and a strong network of vendors and 
partners which is driving the growth. At this moment, we are focused on the North and 
West market. And eventually, we will make it a pan-India footprint for us in this segment. 
I'm moving on to our European footprint with Parador, where we reported a revenue of 
Rs.1324 crores for FY23 with a loss of Rs.40 crores. The geopolitical crisis, high inflation and 
uncertain demand presented a challenging year for us in Europe. However, the company 
and our team was sharply focused on demand fulfilment and costs, while we were 
leveraging the inherent strength of our product design, innovation, and quality, and that 
meant that Parador actually outperformed its peers in the market.  
The good news coming off from Q4 and early part of April and May, is that the cost pressures 
have started easing out and the demand is picking up. We are optimistic of Parador's 
prospects going forward. In fact, we at HIL are committed to deepening the Parador brand 
and its presence beyond Central Europe to other parts of Western Europe, North America, 
Middle East, and Asia. In this pursuit, we have incorporated a new legal entity in U.K. during 
the year. 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
At HIL, and this includes both India and for Parador, we believe that our product segments 
and the markets we play in offer a significant headroom for value-building growth. In line 
with this belief, we at HIL are investing in capabilities that will enable us to realize this 
growth potential. And these investments are for the medium to long run. We are investing 
in our brands and building a deeper connect with our customers and consumers. We are 
investing in building capacity and competency of our teams on the shop floor at the front 
line and at our R&D centers. We are also investing in modernizing our manufacturing 
facilities in R&D to drive quality and innovation in our products. To fund these investments, 
we have doubled up our focus on value extraction from our operations. We are driving 
operational efficiencies and continuous improvement in our cost structure. And a key lever 
for that is digitization of our shop floors. There are IoT-based solutions that have been 
deployed in the last year, and we are continuing in that direction. We are using data and 
analytics to drive decision-making and an organization-wide thrust towards applying Lean 
Six Sigma principles to derive further value. 
In conclusion, short-term headwind aside, the fundamentals and prospects of HIL's business 
remains attractive, and we remain on course to achieve our 2026 ambition of $1 billion 
turnover with robust profitability. 
On this note, let me invite our CFO, Saikat, who will provide us a detailed overview of the 
financial performance for the year. And we are available to answer any questions you may 
have post Saikat's remarks. Thank you for your attention. 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay: 
Thanks, Akshat. Good morning, everybody, and thank you all for joining the earnings call 
today. I would like to take this opportunity to provide an overview of our financial 
performance during Q4 and FY23. As Akshat mentioned, despite the stiff challenges which 
were posed by the geopolitical situation and also the resulting headwind that we faced, our 
team really worked very diligently to minimize that impact on our financial performance 
during the year and the quarter. 
I’m very pleased to announce that our consolidated revenue for the year stood at Rs.3479 
crores with an EBITDA of Rs.248 crores and a PAT of Rs.97 crores, thereby reporting an 
earnings per share of Rs.129.09 per share. In terms of business segments, our Roofing 
business grew by 7% in FY23 year-on-year an amounting to Rs.1115 crores, indicating a 
higher market share which has strengthened our leadership position in this segment. We 
continue to expand our geographical reach in Tier 2 and 3 markets to enhance digital 
connect with our customers. We also continue to enjoy highest margin in Roofing business 
amongst the competition. 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Similarly, our Building Solutions business grew by 27% year-on-year during FY23, surpassing 
the 500 crores for the first time. This segment has made a good progress in the last couple 
of years. We are confident in continuing this growth by adding additional capacity as we 
move on. 
Our Polymer business also showed positive growth with revenues amounting to Rs.526 
crores during FY23, an increase of a percentage from last year. Increasing capacity, 
utilization and demand for these products are driving the business, and we are on track to 
make it a pan-India brand offering by expanding our distribution network. 
Finally, on Parador – our Flooring Solutions business, generated a revenue of Rs.1324 crores 
during FY23, which saw a decline of 15% over the last year due to challenging geopolitical 
situation at Europe. 
At a consolidated level, our debt is at Rs.407 crores, and the debt equity is at 0.33. We are 
confident that our debt levels will not hinder our growth initiatives or our ability to navigate 
through the challenges in the marketplace. To tame inflation RBI has announced multiple 
rate increases which had impacted the overall finance cost during the year. A similar impact 
was also seen in Parador due to rate hikes by ECB resulting in an increase in Euribor, which 
was earlier negative to more than 3% now. 
We are committed to invest in upgrading our existing infrastructure, augmenting health, 
safety, and environmental setup and to also invest in modernization of our existing plant 
and machinery. Over and above normal maintenance capex, we will also expand capacity in 
existing blocks and panels plants and invest in introducing new SKUs for pipes and fittings. 
Overall, we are planning to spend around Rs.150 crores capex during the year, of which 70% 
will be funded through internal cash accruals. In Parador, we will spend on sustenance capex 
close to EUR 3.0 – 3.5 million. 
The company's net worth has further increased to Rs.1242 crores at the end of FY23. On 
March 31, 2022, the similar number was Rs.1166 crores. 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and hand it over to Siddharth. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Akshat, welcome to the fold, wish you great success. A couple of questions. There seems to 
have been a complete meltdown in the Roofing margins the last quarter. We were given to 
understand from the industry that the trade as such took reasonable price hikes towards 
the end of February, March, but obviously, that doesn't seem to have stemmed the flow. 
Could you please deconstruct this fall in margins across the different cost heads for us 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
because there have been multiple headwinds on, right, from fibre to cement to freight and 
all of that. And on pricing as well, right? Where's all this stress coming from? And in Q1, I'm 
sorry, I missed your comment on the margins expected going forward in Roofing. 
And on the same note, on Parador, there were initiatives to grow the market in the Western, 
Northern Europe under the group starting Q3. Of course, we haven't spoken Q4, so the 
numbers per se don't indicate any material de-risking from an existing geography. So what's 
happening there? What's your sense of revenue and profitability? How are you imagining 
the next year for Parador? 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you for that. So on Roofing, large part of the story has been around the input cost 
increase. In fact, in the last 3 quarters, beginning August, there has been an increase of 20% 
to 25% increase in the raw material cost, and that has resulted in shaving off nearly 10% 
from contribution and margins. Price increase happened in quarter 4 to the tune of 3% to 
4% for various players, including us. And depending on the region, there have been 
differences, so this has managed to offset a part of the increase, but it has not covered the 
entire cost increase that has happened. This has been the primary reason why the margins 
have eroded. 
Given Q1 last year was good from a cost perspective, this impact will be felt this quarter as 
well.  
Baidik Sarkar: 
When this is normalized? 
Akshat Seth: 
Our expectation is -- so let me just complete the Q1 picture. Early part of quarter 1, there 
have been very small price increases. We are talking in the range of 1% to 2%. And given the 
demand offtake was soft, there was less opportunity to pass on more. As demand picks up, 
there might be some opportunity, but overall normalization might take a few quarters. It is 
unlikely to happen in the next few weeks and months. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
But what's the delta, Akshat? Because Q1 is when the bulk of your profit pool from roofing 
accrues to you, right? So if you miss the season, FY24 is pretty much gone off, right? So 
what's the delta? Because your volumes are the highest in Q1. And there really is no 
reference range between Q4 and Q1, right, because of the difference in volumes. So 
assuming we see average -- 25% on an average the previous 3 years, right, FY21, FY22, FY23, 
what's the ballpark you're looking at this year? 
Akshat Seth: 
Delta on margin, roughly, we are looking at about 4% to 5%. We are hopeful as demand 
picks up, that we should be in a position to cover part of it, but that's the envelope that we 
are looking at, at this moment. 

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
That's all right. So basically, what you're saying is we should expect something in the ballpark 
of 17% to 18% as far as Q1 is concerned, for roofing? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. And again, we are watching the situation as demand picks up and there is 
opportunity to pass on price to the market, this might look better than what we just spoke 
about. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Would you reckon that there's been a very strong increase in the supply side as well, which 
is hampering pricing, not just for us, the entire industry? Is this more a supply side issue or 
still more a cost side issue? 
Akshat Seth: 
 It is largely a cost side issue, and there is a lag between -- so the increase that happened for 
a combination of reasons, it was availability, sea freight and also a forex exchange impact 
that came in. It happened in a very small period of time, and the prices obviously could not 
be passed on at that same speed. So there is a little bit of a lag there. I don't think 
structurally, there is anything at a disadvantage overall. And in the next few quarters, we 
would expect the normalcy to be restored. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sure. And given that we've taken multiple price hikes the last fiscal year, assuming volume 
growth to be in the range of 1–2%, would you reckon that the revenue growth in Q1 could 
more be in the range of 5–6% or even would that be a very optimistic scenario? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think that will be the top end of what one should expect given April was off to a relatively 
softer start. That's why we are slightly cautious, but we are cautiously optimistic about this. 
Because in the last week- ten days, the key markets have started showing signs of picking 
up and that is good news. And the expectation is that the next 4 to 8 weeks, we will be in a 
position to get the season back on track, like you said, Q1 is important for us. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Okay. And your comments on Parador, please? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So for Parador, we are aware of the situation that Europe found itself for the first half 
or the first 3 quarters of last year. The good news is that on macroeconomic parameters, 
things have bottomed out and are looking in the positive territory. So, consumer confidence 
index, the first signs of it, is recovering. Inflationary pressures and cost pressures have eased 
out and in fact, even if we compare for Parador from its peak around June of last year, the 
material costs have dropped by nearly 25%, and that is showing up even in our numbers. Of 
course, it comes with a little bit of lag given the inventory build-up and so on. 
And the third, on the demand side, things are picking up. In fact, the last quarter was 
represented a better performance than the previous two quarters for us. So there is a 
change in direction. Even within the last quarter, the month of March was a great month 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
for us, and that trajectory and direction will continue. So that's as far as the short run is 
concerned and as the inflationary pressure comes down, and the consumer index goes up, 
I think the demand will only strengthen from where we stand today. So the outlook remains 
strong. 
What we are also doing, and this is now from a medium to long term, you also mentioned 
there were in our earlier calls, we have shared that there is a whole growth and 
diversification of markets that we are putting in place. I think we have used this time to add 
momentum to those efforts. There is a bunch of six to seven markets that we have identified 
as priority markets outside our home of Central Europe. These are in Western Europe, North 
America, Middle East and Asia. And we are building these markets not just from a tactical 
play of being a sales outpost, but almost building it as independent businesses and the focus 
really is on in each of these markets, getting the product assortment right, getting the brand, 
our brand positioning and pricing right. And that's why in the last quarter or so we continue 
to do that, and we are building teams that will service these markets almost on a dedicated 
basis. So that's the foundational work that is on, and the results will start showing up in the 
next few quarters. Already the order book coming in from these markets looks much better 
and very healthy and augurs well for the future. 
Overall for this year, we are far more optimistic than the performance of last year. Last year 
was an aberration. If we go back to the last one-two years, we have to restore the trajectory 
we were on, and I think we are fully confident of getting there in this year. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
So I mean just the last question before I get back. So will Q1 see breakeven? Or should we 
wait till Q1 -- till probably Q2 for that? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think we will have to wait for Q2 and Q3 for that. At an EBITDA level, we are already 
breaking even. We did breakeven in Q4 also. And at a PBT level, Q2, Q3 is where we should 
look at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I will ask 3 questions because I have one each for the 3 divisions. In the Parador business, 
you mentioned that cost pressure have started easing out, and you've also mentioned that 
the 25% drop in material costs from the peak. Yet, when we see the EBITDA absolute, there 
is an increase in loss. So if you could reconcile that? And when do you see yourself moving 
back to the peak EBITDA that you had seen in Parador business? That's the first question. 
And I will ask the other two questions on the other 2 divisions after this. 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Akshat Seth: 
The cost in Q4 is largely due to a one time employee cost that was adjusted at the end of 
the year. So it is one time in nature, and that should not influence the numbers for next 
quarter and in this year. So that's on the first one. I think the first focus for us is to restore 
the revenue trajectory and there are investments we are making in building these markets 
to come back exactly to the profitability that we were at a couple of years ago. We are 
looking at 3 to 4 quarters to get there. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Which means if you do not clock Rs.400 crores of revenue, you do not clock the older 
margins at Rs.350 crores revenue. At max, you are basically breakeven? Is that the 
assessment? 
Akshat Seth: 
That is correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
My second question is on the asbestos side. Any impact of this season of no rains or lower 
rains and substantially lower asbestos volume roofing sheet volume by any chance? 
Akshat Seth: 
No, we have to see the season as a period of 3 to 4 months. There is enough optimism in 
the system, and there are signs indicating that as a season, we'll be all right, despite a slightly 
slow start which in early part of April, apart from rain there was the festive season, which 
kept people away from markets, but the signs in key markets, which are important for us, 
are all very positive. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But is there any historic correlation between lower range and asbestos volume by any 
chance? 
Akshat Seth: 
There is, but it comes with a lag. So, bad rains or relatively poorer rains this year will have 
an impact on the season in the following months and in the following season. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my last question is on the Polymer business. Competing companies in the piping have 
communicated about restoration of margin, while lower PVC prices. Will we see the same 
where our EBITDA will entirely get recouped in FY24 because of the PVC? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's the outlook for us as well. The price levels that are there and as volumes start 
restoring and demand picks up, the expectation is that it will come in that. In fact, early 
indications from April also indicate the same -- actually confirms the outlook that we are 
looking at. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Subham Agarwal from Aequitas Investment. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
First of all, congratulations on your new role. My questions are limited to Parador and 
Building Solutions division. So firstly, on Parador, sir, we have been talking about breaking 
into new geographies since quite some time now. So I wanted to understand the specifics 
related to what kind of revenue we have already started generating and what outlook do 
we hold in the coming 2, 3 years for business ex-Germany? That's one. 
And on the second question on Building Solutions. So in your opening remarks, you 
mentioned a few capex that are expected to come this year and few greenfield expansions 
also you mentioned. So what is the plan overall? If you can elaborate on that, it will be 
helpful. 
Akshat Seth: 
On Parador, the international part of the story is already rolling and you will see that 
gathering momentum in the months and quarters to come. I will also like to inform that 
already today, we are selling to over 80 countries. And the international part of our business 
has grown steadily at double-digit growth rates for the last 3 years, and we are only 
strengthening that momentum. Today, nearly 35% to 40% of our revenue contribution is 
coming from international markets and markets outside our Central Europe home base. So 
as we stand, the situation is growing stronger, and we are expecting that this growth 
momentum will continue. 
The market that we have chosen, as you can imagine, for seeding these markets, and the 
aspiration for us is that like Central Europe is one major fortress for us. We need to create 
at least 4 to 5 such markets, which are seen not just from a sales perspective, but there is a 
whole business that we are running in these countries, and that's the approach with which 
we are going. In setting up those businesses, inevitably, there is the element of getting the 
right team in place, both sales and others. It is about getting the right products in our 
portfolio because the product demand and aesthetics of each market is different. 
Sometimes the mix that a market prefers between, let's say, engineered wood, laminate, 
luxury vinyl tiles, that mix is different. So we have to -- the channel predominance in these 
markets is also different. Some are more commercially focused markets, and some are more 
retail-distribution-led markets. 
The price structures and the incentives in those markets are different. So that is where a lot 
of effort is going on. And some of the early wins that I just highlighted in terms of double-
digit growth is essentially coming from the first efforts that have already been there. We 
are, in many markets, also setting up logistics centers and actual infrastructure to also 
augment the customer service that we are offering there. So these results will start showing 
up in the next few quarters, but the base work and the foundational work is in full swing, 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
and the early signs and early wins give us the confidence that it is headed in the right 
direction. 
Subham Agarwal: 
So just to elaborate on this point a bit more. So I think we entered China as a market 3 - 3.5 
years back. So how has been the response for our product in that market? And how has that 
market matured for us over the last 3 years? This will give me a better integration of our 
strategy. 
Akshat Seth: 
China from when it started, and somewhere -- the last year in China is an aberration. We 
are all aware of the situation that it was in. So I will keep that out of the equation. But from 
the time we started about 4 years ago, it's steadily grown to a volume of nearly EUR 5 to 6 
million of sales which, in our market, and also, we are positioned as a premium product in 
that market. It's a robust growth. As things resume in China, the order book has started 
building up, and we are hopeful of resuming the trajectory that we were on till about 12 
months ago. 
Subham Agarwal: 
And what is the potential that you think a market like China is for our product? 
Akshat Seth: 
In the short run, we are at least about 50% of where we should be. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Got it. And my second question was on Building Solutions regarding the capex. 
Akshat Seth: 
So, on Building Solutions - let me break this down across the two main product segments 
here. In blocks, the total additional capacity that we are looking at and some of it will have 
a full year impact this year. So it was commissioned late last year, and we'll see the first full 
year impact this year. And some are new capacities that will come on stream in the first and 
second quarter of this year. The total additional capacity is to the tune of nearly 240,000 
cubic meters from a block’s perspective. The impact in volume, this year, will be about 
120,000 cubic meters. So there's a delta which means some of it has been commissioned. 
So the actual nameplate capacity will grow by 240,000 cubic meters but the volume impact 
this year, will be about 120,000 cubic meters on the block side. And these are capacities 
that are coming up in Golan, Jhajjar, Cuttack, and Thimmapur where we have already sort 
of executed these and commission these new additions. 
On the panel side, there is about 36,000 MT that is coming through in Balasore in the next 
couple of months, and some new capacity that we commissioned late last year to the tune 
of about 35,000 MT across Thimmapur and Faridabad. The full year impact is about 45,000 
MT, which will be shown and reflected in this year's financials. So, that represents nearly a 
20% growth in the panel capacity, both blocks and panel capacity across -- if we compare it 
with previous year. 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Subham Agarwal: 
So overall, 20% for FY24, we can assume that will be available. 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rajat Setiya from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sir, are we facing any raw material availability issues on our roofing side? Or is that all 
smoothened out now? 
Akshat Seth: 
There is no availability issue. Of course, the situation is dynamic and requires a fairly alert 
set of eyes to look at that. We have a diversified base, so we source from all available 
sourcing destinations across the world. While we continue to monitor it, but there is no 
foreseeable risk on availability. 
Rajat Setiya: 
If I'm correct, right now, we have sources coming in from just two countries, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
No, it's from three countries: South America, Kazakhstan, and Russia. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And sir, the last year that we -- the capex that we did around Rs.135 crores, could you please 
break up or give a breakup of this, which segments -- so how much of capex? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Last year, we spent major capex in Building Solution segment where we set up a new panels 
plant, and we acquired the FastBuild business in Cuttack. We also spent capex for capacity 
expansion in panel plants as Akshat mentioned earlier. This year also, we are spending major 
capex in Building Solutions, where we are expanding our blocks capacities in Golan and 
Jhajjar. We have already announced setting up of a new plant in Southern region for blocks 
business. We will also spend capex on the number of SKUs expansion in the pipes and fitting 
business. Apart from that we have, on an average, Rs.40 crores maintenance capex, which 
we do every year for all the business put together. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Sir, could you please break it up in terms of numbers? Like how much went into panels or 
how much on into blocks? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Around Rs.50 crores capex, we will see in Polymer business and around Rs.40 to 50 crores 
capex in Building Solutions. This is in addition to the greenfield project in Southern region. 
And Rs.40 crores capex for maintenance in Roofing and Building Solutions business. 
Rajat Setiya: 
Understood. And last year, what was the breakup? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Last year, majority capex was in Building Solution business. Again, Rs.30 to 40 crores we 
spent for maintenance, which is mix of all the plants. 

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Rajat Setiya: 
And one more question about -- if you can help us by sharing the numbers of different 
product verticals, say, pipes and putty and construction chemicals for the last year. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
We did close to Rs.350 crores in pipes and Rs.175 crores in Putty business this year. 
Construction Chemicals is more reported as the channel, which we use as a part of Roofing 
and Building solutions, but it is was small number last year -- we did around Rs.29 crores. 
However, March exit was Rs.4.5 to 5 crores a month. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And so pipes and putty, is it possible to share the -- similar numbers for pipes and putty for 
the year, let's say, FY22. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
The pipes & fittings in FY22 was close to Rs.320 crores, and the putty was Rs.200 crores. 
Rajat Setiya: 
And 2019, sir? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
I don't have that number right now. You can connect with me after this call. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
A few questions. One is, if you look at last year for HIL as a whole, we had the losses on the 
Polymer business and because of the inventory and also on the Flooring business because 
of the cost inflation. If we -- so first is, can you spell out what were the inventory losses for 
the pipe for the Polymer business as a whole for last year? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Nikhil, there are two types of impact. One is the inventory loss, and second is when the 
prices came down, we lost contributions on the immediate sales. All put together, we lost 
around Rs.25 to 26 crores in the first two quarters of the year. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And Akshat, you mentioned that in the Flooring business, last year, we had the cost 
inflation because the MDF prices had gone through of the roof and then there was the forex, 
and everything hit Parador negatively. And the freight cost also hit us negatively. Now, since 
June, January, and February, what we are hearing, in MDF, even the domestic MDF players 
are saying that the prices have gone down by 20%, freight has also largely come back to pre-
COVID around that level. 
But for our Flooring business our gross margins are still around less than that 40% level. So 
why it is not completely replicated in our P&L for this quarter because the cost deflation has 
started happening since December and January. So, was it some inventory holding issues? 
Or is it like we've not -- so what impacted our profitability in this quarter and the gross profit 
level? 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Akshat Seth: 
It will start showing up when you look at the Q1 results, the 20-25% drop is almost at a 
March end level. So the impact of that will start showing up and playing out in the numbers 
in this quarter and the next quarter. When we internally do our weekly, monthly numbers, 
it's beginning to show in those. 
Nikhil: 
And you mentioned in Parador, there was some onetime employee cost adjustment. Sorry, 
I couldn't get it for this quarter, that's why the loss. Can you spell out what was onetime 
cost impact, employee costs related impact? 
Akshat Seth: 
There was a combination of new talent being brought in and restructuring of the team, of 
which -- onetime costs that were incurred. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. But the talent cost and everything will remain. So this is more of a regular employee 
cost, right? So what was onetime in nature? 
Akshat Seth: 
So when you are acquiring talent, there are associated costs in hiring that get incurred. 
Similarly, if there is a separation, there might be some onetime costs, so it's of that nature. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And lastly, Akshat, in your starting remarks, and even in your conclusion, you said that 
the goal or how you see HIL is a value accretive growth. Based on the current businesses 
which we had -- and if we can keep FY23 aside because it was an odd year in terms of a 
performance. But where do you see majority or major levers for improving the profitability 
lies in HIL among the 4 or 5 businesses? And if some of the businesses are not operating at 
a profitability level, are we open to shutting them down and this is more over a 3 to 5 years 
than and the continuation, would you also look at adding more businesses or we would 
consolidate among these 3 or 4 businesses? 
Akshat Seth: 
 Let me answer this at two or three levels. First, when we look at a company as a whole, 
there are a few themes that we are driving. One is -- and that will add at least a few 
percentage points on the profitability side is, how can we premiumize the products and 
command a better price positioning in the market. Hence, there is a range of initiatives that 
are on that side. So that essentially will drive better realization for the production that is 
across the board, including in our Flooring business in Europe. So that's number one. 
Number two, in certain segments, it's a function of scale. So Polymer business, as it is 
ramping up, certain parts of our Flooring business in international markets as it is ramping 
up, when it reaches a steady-state scale in the next 12 to 18 months, the profitability will 
start looking better. So that's the second lever. 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Third, there is an element of automation and technology infusion that we are making in our 
operations, which is driving efficiencies. Each program that we are introducing has a solid 
business case and ROIs that are attached with it and is actually delivering value on ground. 
Fourth is on operational efficiencies, which start from procurement-related and sourcing-
related efficiencies to the conversion and manufacturing. And these are 3 or 4 themes that 
we are driving consistently across all our businesses. 
To your question on whether some businesses are less interesting or more interesting, I 
think at the moment, the portfolio we have, we feel very bullish about this portfolio, and 
we are committed to growing them. What we are also looking actively are adjacencies, 
which can piggyback on the existing infrastructure, both in terms of manufacturing and our 
sales infrastructure and that can bring more operating leverage for us.  
So overall, we see significant headroom for growth, both on the top line and bottom line 
with the product portfolio that we are playing in and also the markets we have identified 
for ourselves. Our combination of products and markets is what gives us confidence that 
the journey ahead is interesting for us. And along the way, as we look and evaluate 
opportunities, things which are adjacent, which are complementary to what we are doing, 
we will continue to pick up those as well. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. Just one last question from me. You mentioned that they've opened 4 or 5 new, if we 
say, branches in Parador in new markets, would you say those branches or those new areas 
which we have entered, would they be breaking even at this point in time or there would 
be a drag on the overall P&L at Parador? That is one. 
And secondly, the four points you mentioned on procurement and operational efficiencies, 
what different can we do then what was not done earlier? Because as I understand and -- is 
that – Dhirup did work a lot on improving the operational efficiencies and a part of it was 
always visible on the Roofing business where our profitability even on bad period was much 
ahead of all the competitors. So where do you see -- so if you can just spend some more 
time on what differently or what avenues you believe we can do differently which can 
probably give this advantage on the profitability or the margin side? 
Akshat Seth: 
So on Parador, the short answer is they are not a drag. They are individually making positive 
contributions to the P&L. The beauty of that business is manufacturing is still centralized at 
the moment in Germany and Austria. So, with that as the hub -- and there is enough capacity 
available to take us to at least 2x of where we stand. Each of these countries, the way we 
are scaling them up are being done in a positive contribution manner, not in a way that they 
are a drag on the P&L. So that's number one. 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
The other piece that we are doing in these markets is essentially on building the brand. And 
you are aware that the whole brand build journey takes a little bit of time. It's not an 
overnight exercise. So there, we are making conscious investments. 
Coming to the cost part of the story that you were asking about. The frame of what was not 
being done earlier and what new has been done probably is not applicable to us. What the 
last 2-3 years have done is they have changed the context in which we play. So, solutions 
that were already deployed 3 years ago, 1 year ago, just given that the global scenario has 
changed, the supply dynamics have changed, those solutions may not be applicable 
anymore and may not be the most optimal solutions anymore. So there is a need to refresh 
those strategies that I think is one clear win that we see for ourselves. 
The second piece, which is interesting and where, again, the available options have 
improved, and increased, is on the technology side. And there, again, we are deploying tools 
which are helping automate our lines further, which are driving more uptime of our plants 
and mines and driving better conversion efficiency. And there are simple things, and I'll give 
a very small example. Every time we introduce a new product in the market, there is a cycle 
time that it takes where we need to do trials in the market and so on and so forth. Now if 
there is a technology, and assisted way of doing it and that time can be reduced by 50%, 
and that improves our agility and our response time to the market. So, these are the kind of 
interventions which are driving greater sense of efficiency in the organization. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Satish Kumar from InCred Capital Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Satish Kumar: 
My questions has been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus Asset Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And just a few questions, firstly, on the Parador part. While we are trying to bring in a lot of 
efficiencies, and we are seeing that the cost pressures are easing, just wanted to get a sense 
in terms of where we are in the cost index, if we can say so, as in when we were in a normal 
situation and when we saw this entire rise. The reason to ask this is that our gross margins, 
if I just do consol minus 10 and assuming that, for Parador business, still remains -- there is 
an impact of 800 to 900 bps, 8% to 9% on the gross margin. So just wanted that perspective? 
Akshat Seth: 
I probably answered this in an earlier question as well. The cost pressure and the elements 
going into the gross margin has started easing out around the March time frame. They are 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
currently not reflected in the numbers that have been shared because there is a certain lag 
effect. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes, I understand that so that the benefits will be visible from the next quarter. So what I'm 
trying to understand is that if those benefits are factored in, how much of a gross margin 
improvement we will see in the coming quarters? And when will we get back to the 48%, 
49% sort of gross margin levels? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
It will be in the range of 4% to 5%. That will be on account of material cost reduction. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood, sir. And do we expect this to further improve in the coming quarters in terms 
of how the RM pressures are easing of? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
It's a continuous process since the contracts are negotiated every quarter. So we will try all 
our best efforts to further bringing it down. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it. Sir, my second question is on the Building Solutions segment. Over year as well, we 
are seeing consistently the EBIT margin levels are sort of going down. So any specific reason 
why we are seeing such kind of low EBIT margins even when we are doing such high-capacity 
utilization, and do we see this improving first quarter? 
Akshat Seth: 
Overall, on the Building Solutions side, our view is the margins are headed in a positive 
direction. So, if you compare the full year versus the previous year, we've actually improved 
by about 200 bps. 
I believe your commentary is correct for quarter 4. There were certain onetime issues that 
cropped up, especially with our Golan plant, and there was some pullback on the Chennai 
plant for a period of time, which is why this particular quarter, it is lower. However, at a full 
year level, the trajectory is in the positive direction, and we are confident that this will only 
go up from here. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just a couple of more questions. On the Construction Chemicals part 
where you mentioned that you want to leverage the putty channel and also more brand 
investment will go into it. Could you highlight the products that we are -- sort of earmarked 
to scale up in this particular segment? 
Akshat Seth: 
It's a wide array of products. At the moment, we've got nearly 65 to 70 SKUs that are there. 
They belong to... 
Ajay Kapadia: 
It's mainly into tile adhesives, primers, coatings. We are also now trying to enter into 
waterproofing solutions. 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
And all will be in the B2C space itself, right? We will not do any B2Bs per se? 
Akshat Seth: 
It will be a combination of B2B and B2C. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. Sir, and just last question, can you give some kind of ballpark guidance for the full 
year FY24 for the company level in terms of where we can reach? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Normally, we do not give any guidance, but it will be positive from this year's number. So 
we will report a growth... 
Nikhil Gada: 
We will do better than FY23? That's all we have to... 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand that in each of the divisions, like you mentioned that in 
Parador, with our existing capacity, we can roughly double our revenues. So what about the 
rest of the division? If you could just indicate that what is the maximum revenue we can 
generate if you operate at full capacity and by when do, we reach to -- basically to reach the 
same? And also what kind of steady state operating margins in each of the segments do you 
expect going forward? 
Akshat Seth: 
The capacity utilizations will give you an indication in Roofing, we are between 80% and 
85%. Building Solutions, as I mentioned, we are running at full capacity, but this year, we 
are adding nearly 20% to 25% on top of that and that effort will continue. On Polymers side, 
while we are at about 65% capacity utilization, but given the volume growth that we have 
seen in the last few years and our plans for this year, we are already contemplating adding 
more capacities in this segment. At Parador, I mentioned already that there is headroom for 
nearly 40% to 50% more than what we have done. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, and margins, do we have steady state margins in each of the segments? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
In Building Solutions, we expect the margin will go up -- gross margin will be better than the 
current numbers. We will expect it will be in the range of 12%. 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes.  In Building Solutions, the aim internally is to start hitting the low teens as the first 
milestone and then see what we can add to that, on Polymers, again, I think the lower teens 
is the range that is the first milestone for us to cross. Construction Chemicals, we believe 
from a mid-teen’s perspective is the milestone that we are aiming at and where it becomes 
interesting for us. Flooring, the first milestone for us internally -- and again, it comes from a 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
combination of the choice of markets, product mix - is to start hitting or inching towards 
double-digit mark. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, wanted to understand, that is there any possibility that, we can 
move the manufacturing of Parador to India and maybe export to the European and other 
markets from here, sir? Is that a realistic possibility? 
Akshat Seth: 
On the manufacturing side, the evaluation is a continuous one because we also need to 
understand the markets and the products that we are serving, what is the best place to 
serve that. So it's not just India. I think within Europe, we continue to evaluate. Elsewhere, 
we continue to evaluate. 
And as our geographical footprint increases, there might be opportunities for us to diversify 
the manufacturing capacity from our current location -- or manufacturing capacities beyond 
our current location. But that's a subject of constant evaluation. At least in the short run, 
we do not envisage that shifting to India. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Keshav, one more point on the margins, which we just mentioned is operating margins and 
not the PBT margin. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashwin Reddy from Samatva Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Congrats, Akshat, on your appointment. So my first question is - Akshat, as you come in 
fresh, are you seeing the company, right? So where do you think is the biggest scope of 
improvement in the company? Meaning, how do you want -- so where would you want to 
spend the most amount of time in the next weeks to come, 6 months to 1 year? 
Akshat Seth: 
I'll say, there are broadly three themes. First, there are pockets and engines that will be the 
driver for growth. Getting those growth engines fully primed up and firing at 100% level is 
the first priority. And that's why, what product mix, which geographies we are operating in, 
what capacity needs to be added is, of course, the first one. So the growth piece is number 
one. 
There is a second piece where we are focusing a lot of our energy is to build a stronger 
customer connect, and that has two implications. One is having stronger brands that 
resonate with these customers. Having a product portfolio which is closer to what the 
customer needs are and that in turn hopefully allows us a better price position, so that's the 
second thing. 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
The third focus area is getting the right team, not just across the board and across functions, 
which can enable this growth. So the people front is something that is a key focus area. And 
I have to say on that account, HIL, in the last 4, 5 years, has done strong foundational work. 
In fact, we are widely recognized. This year, we are breaking into the top 50 of great places 
to work. We are rated -- and this is the fifth year running that we've achieved this milestone. 
We are rated #1 in the Building Materials and Cement category, which is a recognition of 
the strong people practices that exist. But getting these teams ready for the phase of growth 
and the elements and initiatives that we are driving is the third focus area. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Got it. And my second question is on the Roofing part of the business. So in the Roofing part, 
could you outline what is the concentration like in terms of the states, say, what would the 
top 4 or 5 states in the country contribute to your Roofing segment? And what would these 
states be? 
Akshat Seth: 
In the North - UP, Bihar are key markets for us. 
Saikat Mukhopadhyay: 
So UP is one of the key areas that we have. Apart from that, Haryana, Punjab, these are the 
emerging markets, and we have done good business out there. East -- Bihar, Jharkhand is 
definitely one of the key markets that we are operating. So primarily, the northern sector is 
our sweet spot as far as these markets are concerned. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
So these top 4, 5 states would contribute what? 50% of the sales or more than that? 
Akshat Seth: 
More than 50% of the sales. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Okay. Got it. And finally, again, on Roofing, sir -- so any comments on Charminar Fortune 
brand which was there with the previous management, they highlighted. So what is the 
progress there? How do you -- how would you think about it? Any investment on this? And 
what is the progress on this Fortune brand? 
Akshat Seth: 
It's a product for the future. On technology side, there has been rapid strides made 
internally where the product stability and the features are at a level where we have a good 
client base. And it's also now been in installation for some time, so we know post-
installation results also. And we continue to drive it. There is a dedicated team that is 
developing clients and market for it. 
Ashwin Reddy: 
Sir, right now, what is the proportion of Fortune to the overall Roofing segment, in terms of 
the percentage contribution to the Roofing segment? 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Akshat Seth: 
It is still small and somewhere -- it's partly our effort, it's also how the market evolves 
because there is still a price differential that comes in. And the adoption of the market is 
also a function of how customers sort of adapt to it. 
From our side as a company and just given the focus on sustainability, we are making our 
efforts to make sure that there is greater awareness for this product. We are inducing a lot 
of trials, especially in institutional clients, and steadily -- in fact, last year, we did about 25% 
more than what we did previous year on the Fortune name. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I have 2, 3 queries. Now first up, I think we did mention that we are on course for $1 billion 
revenue by FY26, right? I mean, that effectively means around 30%, 35% CAGR in our 
revenue over next 3 years. But do you think that it's a little more optimistic than what I think 
we have seen over last past 3 years? I mean, some comments on that -- in this regard would 
be quite helpful. 
Akshat Seth: 
It's ambitious. It's a stretch, but it's an ambition that we are all committed to. So yes, we are 
trying to break away from the growth rates that we have seen in the past. So that's a 
conscious choice. 
Within that, we have broken down what are the steps that will get us there. And one key 
lever we see is inorganic which I think in the past has contributed in a small way, may have 
to contribute in a slightly larger way as we go along. But it's an ambition that we are all fully 
committed towards. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So it includes inorganic ambition also in this -- I meant, it's not the organic growth we are 
talking, when we are talking about $1 billion. 
Akshat Seth: 
It's a combination of both organic and inorganic. The relative proportion of that will have to 
play out as we go, but it does include an inorganic element also to this. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood. And I got it. And when you mentioned that in terms of steady state 
margin, right? So you mentioned segment-wise. So ideally, what -- 12% to 14% could be a -
- at a consol level, would be a steady-state EBITDA margin that one can look at, I mean, over 
the medium term? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
It is in the range of around 11% to 12% operating margin. 
Deepak Poddar: 
11% to 12%. And that is a target over what? Next 3 to 4 years or sooner? 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, at least -- if I look at it in a 2 to 3 year horizon that will be the right aspiration to keep 
given that this is also a growth part of our evolution. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So 2 to 3 years, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And the last thing that you mentioned on the Roofing as well as on the Parador side. So 
quarter-on-quarter, we do expect some benefit, right, in terms of cost pressure easing out 
in Parador. And in the Roofing segment, because of the price hike, we do expect some delta 
in margin, right? So ideally, it would be a right way to think that this quarter, our margins 
have bottomed out and there is only one way up as we move into coming quarters in terms 
of profitability specifically? 
Akshat Seth: 
At our gross margin, certainly. 
Deepak Poddar: 
EBITDA margin. I mean EBITDA margin at 4.5% that we did. So ideally, it would be right to 
assume that it has bottomed out? 
Akshat Seth: 
From this quarter -- I would say between this and the next quarter, you should see the trend 
that you were outlining yet. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Bottomed out, yes, from this quarter or next quarter. 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Akshat, I congratulate you on coming on board and leading the company from hereon. So I 
was, in fact-- am I audible? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, you are. I was just saying thank you for your kind words. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
See, we know that you've been associated with the group for the last couple of years, but I 
think on the health care side. So basically, I wanted to understand that you know the 
businesses that HIL is in is rather different, like brick-and-mortar, actually literally. So what 
has been the experience at your end? Have you been able to completely like come on 
stream? You got like a handle on the dealer network? It's a very ground level kind of work. 
It's a very -- a lot of action happens on the ground. And so you know like the nuances that 
this business requires and their specific challenges and issues. 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
You did mention that the earlier target of reaching $1 billion in 2026 like remains. So I guess 
on that line -- and then you also mentioned that you -- or the focus is going to be on the 
inorganic opportunities. But on the core business is something that I wanted a handle on. 
It's a big management change. So I wanted your comments on that. 
Akshat Seth: 
First of all, thank you for your kind words. It's been a great start to my stint here. And the 
good part is I've been with the group. This is my ninth year with the group. And I started off 
at the Group Office leading growth in strategy for all our portfolio companies. 
In that capacity, I have worked extensively with HIL in the past. At that time, we were just 
about starting out our pipes business. So, the polymer foundations were being laid at that 
time and scaling it up, so I was quite closely involved on that one. I was involved in a few 
M&A acquisitions that were done at that time from a Building Solutions point of view, so I 
had a chance to work with the business there. 
So HIL is not entirely new. The HIL team is not entirely new. And when it comes to group 
companies, there is a fairly close interaction that all of us have at our leadership level. We 
are aware of the dynamics of each other's business and closely synergizing that. 
So the -- I hope I've hit the ground running. And you guys on the call, looking at the numbers, 
and the teams can say whether I've done it or not, but the attempt has been to hit the 
ground running. And in this time, I've spent a fair amount of time not just with our channel 
partners that, of course, are very important, but also at our manufacturing locations with 
our teams. 
The good part is -- coming into HIL is that there is a very strong team in place. The leadership 
team at the BU level, at the corporate level is strong, has had a long vintage and track record 
with HIL so they have obviously helped in this transition. 
I feel very, very optimistic about the prospects of the company. There is the task of setting 
the ambition, and that's already done. But the task of achieving the ambition is on us, and 
we are confident of making it happen. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
That's very, very -- that's very good to hear. So see, Akshat, we are like long-term 
shareholders in the company. And what matters to us and obviously the company as well is 
the shareholder value which actually, in the last couple of quarters, has taken a hit. And 
basically, that's emerging from the operational challenges that the company has been facing 
and continue to face. 
So you -- you've shared your strategy on Parador, where you're looking at setting up 4 or 5 
citadels, I would say, like as strong as Germany, but this basically can be the new outposts 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
around which the business can grow. And if the margin can improve to double digits from -
- which is double from what we've had here, I think that, I think, will be a very, very big 
thing. 
So other than -- so see, one is the inorganic strategy, right? You mentioned that you were 
like kind of the driver of acquisitions that we've done in the past. Now so -- but see the core 
business is the Roofing business, right? And in the last 2 years, you know that the whole 
texture in fact, the whole kind of the profitability, the costing, and the whole thing has 
changed drastically. So -- and to note that the new businesses that the company has gotten 
into, they are actually low-margin businesses. So like in Roofing you've had 25 plus margins 
and the new business like 11%, 12%, 13%. So -- capital allocation being a critical factor, 
meaning -- you coming from a rather macro perspective, you had a bird's eye view of where 
the company was going. And now your kind of hitting the micro level, meaning what are 
your thoughts that could like comfort us shareholders in terms of that now the company is 
kind of taking a turnaround? 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay. What are the kind of thoughts that you would love to hear from me which will give 
you the comfort? 
Manish Dhariwal: 
That's for you to tell us. And so may be on the operating side of the businesses which are -- 
which the company already has in the Roofing side, what kind of changed? The last 2 years, 
the margins are completely kind of -- got decimated. Obviously, there were like external 
issues, but see that's where the strength of the brand and the strength of the company 
which is kind of -- being here for so long that kind of comes to play. So but what are you -- 
so maybe some thoughts there would be like helpful. 
Akshat Seth: 
Here are some thoughts, and please do tell me at the end of what I have to say whether 
they are comforting or not. But this is how at least things are panning out for us. I strongly 
believe -- there is learnings from the past, but we can't dwell on the past too much. Second, 
change that we are bringing in is an element of impatience and aggression in how we look 
at the future. And there is a strong burning desire to make this happen. 80% of the path is 
clear and 20% will get clear as we go along. 
The third thing is while ambition is there, the opportunity for us is to also review and 
reassess the strategy that will lead us to that path, and that's something that we have done 
in the past few weeks and continue to do so. A lot of the elements are getting crystallized, 
we shared on Parador, but that kind of exercise has been done literally for every small 
segment that we are looking at. And it is that assessment that is giving us confidence that 
we are in the right products and market. So there is a fair amount of confidence on that 
front. 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
The fourth element is that -- and you made a mention that they are inherently the products 
that we've been -- have returned lower profitability. If we look at the larger industry context 
of the product segments that we are in, they are not less attractive product segments from 
an overall industry perspective. So the focus for us is to get to the industry-leading 
profitability levels and growth percentages there. So that's the fourth point. 
The fifth point is, yes, in the past -- and if I rewind back to 5 years ago, the center of gravity 
of the organization was around the Roofing segment. It is important today, but a lot of our 
growth will come from things beyond Roofing. And that's an important fact to acknowledge 
and recognize. Much of our growth plans are around those segments. And the idea is to 
diversify both from a product mix perspective and also the markets that we play in. So those 
are some thoughts. 
Overall, we have a strong legacy to fall back on, but we obviously need to do a lot of things 
differently to chart out a successful track from here for the next 5 to 10 years. 
And if I may just add one last comment. The way we see ourselves as HIL is not just a roofing 
and a building solutions company. We see ourselves now as a comprehensive one-stop shop 
when it comes to the entire range of building products. And that's where more things might 
get added. And to build our brands which are recognized not just in India but at a larger 
scale. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that will be the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
to the management for closing comments. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, and my heartfelt gratitude for everyone to -- for having joined this call and for 
hearing us patiently. It's been an absolute pleasure for me to interact with all of you and 
answer some of your queries. We thank you for taking your time out and engaging with us. 
Please do remain plugged in to HIL. Please do keep sharing your thoughts and ideas with us. 
These interactions are valuable for us. And if there are any further questions coming out of 
today's call, please reach out. Our Investor Relations desk, all of us are available to address 
them. Thank you very much. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this 
document has been edited without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. 
No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call.  
 
